WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Distribution revenue increased 8% in 2017 compared to 2016. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increased 7%. U.S. Networks distribution revenue increases were driven by increases in affiliate fee rates and increases in SVOD revenue partially offset by a decline in affiliate subscribers. Total U.S. Networks portfolio subscribers declined 5% for the year ended December 31, 2017, while subscribers to our fully distributed networks declined 3% for the same period. International Networks' distribution revenue increase was mostly due to increases in contractual rates in Europe following further investment in sports content, and to a lesser extent increases in Latin America due to increases in rates offset by decreases in subscribers. Contributions from other distribution revenues also contributed slightly to growth. Other distribution revenues were comprised of content deliveries under licensing agreements. These increases were partially offset by decreases in contractual rates in Asia. 
Advertising revenue increased 3% in 2017 compared to 2016. The increase for our U.S. Networks was primarily due to pricing increases and continued monetization of our GO platform, partially offset by lower audience delivery due to continued linear distribution audience universe declines. International Networks' increases were primarily due to increased volume across key markets in Europe, particularly Southern Europe and Germany, and Latin America. The increase was partially offset by declines in ad sales due to lower pricing and volume in Asia. 
Other revenue increased 4% compared with the prior year, primarily due to the formation and consolidation of the MTG joint venture (then known as VTEN) during the third quarter of the current year. (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On June 27, 2017, a global malware incident impacted our business. The malware affected a significant portion of our global sales, distribution and financial networks. Following the incident, we executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages and restore our systems environment. We also restored our main operating systems and processes and enhanced our system security. To date, we have not found, nor do we expect to find, any instances of Company or personal data released externally. 
During 2017, we estimated the malware incident had a negative impact of 0.4% on our net revenue and Organic Net Revenue growth as we recognized the majority of delayed second quarter shipments in our third quarter 2017 results and we also permanently lost some revenue. We incurred total incremental expenses of $84 million predominantly during the second half of 2017 as part of the recovery effort. The recovery from the incident was largely resolved by the end of 2017 and we continued efforts to strengthen our security measures and enhance general information technology, business process and disclosure controls. 
Net revenues were approximately $25.9 billion in both 2019 and 2018 , a decrease of 0.3% in 2019 and an increase of 0.2% in 2018 . In 2019, net revenues declined due to the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of the divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa. Net revenues were positively affected by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix, as well as the acquisitions of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks in 2019 and a U.S. premium biscuit company, Tate's Bake Shop, in 2018. In 2018, net revenues grew due to higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Net revenues were also positively affected by the acquisition of Tate's Bake Shop. Net revenue growth was negatively affected by the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of several business divestitures that occurred in 2017 which reduced net revenues in 2018 as compared to the prior year.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2018, we announced plans to expand our butane isomerization facility by up to 30 MBPD of incremental capacity. The expansion is supported by long-term agreements to provide butane isomerization, storage and related pipeline services. We currently expect this project to be completed in the first quarter of 2022.
We own and operate an octane enhancement production facility located at our Mont Belvieu complex that is designed to produce isobutylene and either isooctane or methyl tertiary butyl ether (“MTBE”). The products produced by this facility are used by refiners to increase octane values in reformulated motor gasoline blends. The high-purity isobutane feedstocks consumed in the production of these products are supplied by our isomerization units.
We sell our octane enhancement products at market-based prices. We attempt to mitigate the price risk associated with these products by entering into commodity derivative instruments. To the extent that we produce MTBE, it is sold exclusively into the export market. We measure the utilization of our octane enhancement facility in terms of its combined isooctane, isobutylene and MTBE production volumes, which averaged 22 MBPD, 24 MBPD and 23 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
