BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In the Fertilizer segment, demand for our products is affected by the profitability of the agricultural sectors we serve, the availability of credit to farmers, agricultural commodity prices, the types of crops planted, the number of acres planted, the quality of the land under cultivation and weather-related issues affecting the success of the harvests. Our profitability is impacted by international selling prices for fertilizers and fertilizer raw materials, such as phosphate, sulfur, ammonia and urea, ocean freight rates and other import costs, as well as import volumes at the port facilities we manage. As our operations are in South America, primarily Argentina, our results in this segment are typically seasonal, with fertilizer sales normally concentrated in the third and fourth quarters of the year due to the timing of the South American agricultural cycle. Reported volumes in this segment reflect third-party sales of our finished products. 
Our Sugar and Bioenergy segment primarily comprises our 50% interest in BP Bunge Bioenergia, the joint venture formed in December 2019 by the combination of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations with the Brazilian biofuels business of BP. Our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations formed the majority of our Sugar and Bioenergy segment through which we produced and sold sugar and ethanol derived from sugarcane, as well as energy derived from the sugar and ethanol production process. BP Bunge Bioenergia operates on a stand-alone basis with a total of 11 mills located across the Southeast, North and Midwest regions of Brazil. BP Bunge Bioenergia is now the second largest operator by effective crushing capacity in the Brazilian sugarcane ethanol biofuel industry. As a result of this transaction, we no longer consolidate our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations in our consolidated financial statements and instead account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, our reported Sugar and Bioenergy results for 2020 include our share of the net earnings in BP Bunge Bioenergia, whereas our Sugar and Bioenergy results for 2019 reflect our former 100% ownership interest in the Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations contributed to the Joint Venture. Although we are committed to supporting the growth and development of BP Bunge Bioenergia, our long-term goal is to seek strategic opportunities for our investment in the joint venture. 
Profitability in this segment is affected by the profitability of the joint venture and, therefore the value of our investment and the amount and timing of distributions we receive, if any. In turn, the profitability of the joint venture is affected by the availability and quality of sugarcane, which impacts capacity utilization rates and the amount of sugar that can be extracted from the sugarcane, and by market prices of sugar and ethanol. The availability and quality of sugarcane is affected by many factors, including weather, geographical factors such as soil quality and topography, and agricultural practices. Once planted, sugarcane may be harvested for several continuous years, but the yield decreases with each subsequent harvest. As a result, the current optimum economic cycle is generally five to seven consecutive harvests, depending on location. The joint venture owns and/or has partnership agreements to manage farmland on which it grows and harvests sugarcane and also purchases sugarcane from third parties. Prices of sugarcane in Brazil are established by Consecana, the state of São Paulo sugarcane, sugar and ethanol council, and are based on the sucrose content of the cane and the market prices of sugar and ethanol. Demand for the joint venture's products is affected by such factors as changes in global or regional economic conditions, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, population growth rates, changes in per capita income and demand for and governmental support of renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities, including sugarcane.

BOEING CO report:
Total expense related to deferred compensation was $ 174 , $ 19 and $ 240 in 2019, 2018 and 2017 , respectively. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , the deferred compensation liability which is being marked to market was $ 1,779 and $ 1,572 . 
On December 17, 2018 , the Board approved a repurchase plan for up to $ 20,000 of common stock. Share repurchases under this plan are currently suspended. The program will expire when we have used all authorized funds or is otherwise terminated. 
Primarily relates to amortization of actuarial losses for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 totaling $ 464 , $ 878 , and $ 542 (net of tax of ($ 133 ) , ($ 242 ) , and ($ 272 ) ), respectively. These are included in the net periodic pension cost. See Note 17 .

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We have addressed our risk of hurricane loss by, among other actions, purchasing reinsurance for specific states and on a countrywide basis for our personal lines property insurance in areas most exposed to hurricanes, limiting personal homeowners, landlord package policy and manufactured home new business writings in coastal areas in southern and eastern states, implementing tropical cyclone deductibles where appropriate, and not offering continuing coverage on certain policies in coastal counties in certain states. We continue to seek appropriate returns for the risks we write. This may require further actions, similar to those already taken, in geographies where we are not getting appropriate returns. However, we may maintain or opportunistically increase our presence in areas where adequate risk adjusted returns can be achieved. 
Earthquakes We do not offer earthquake coverage in most states. We retain approximately 22,000 PIF with earthquake coverage, primarily in Kentucky, due to regulatory and other reasons. We purchase reinsurance in Kentucky and enter into arrangements in many states to make earthquake coverage available through our brokerage platform. 
We continue to have exposure to earthquake risk on certain policies that do not specifically exclude coverage for earthquake losses, including our auto policies, and to fires following earthquakes. Allstate policyholders in California are offered homeowners coverage through the California Earthquake Authority (“CEA”), a privately-financed, publicly-managed state agency created to provide insurance coverage for earthquake damage. Allstate is subject to
