ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In October 2018, we sold our Red River System and associated crude oil linefill for $134.9 million. For additional information regarding this sale, see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
The maximum number of barrels per day that our crude oil pipelines can transport depends on the operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each delivery point and grades of crude oil being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our crude oil pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 2,000 MBPD, 1,820 MBPD and 1,388 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
The Seaway Pipeline connects the Cushing, Oklahoma crude oil hub with markets in southeast Texas. Our 50% ownership interest in the Seaway Pipeline is held indirectly through our equity method investment in Seaway Crude Pipeline Company LLC (“Seaway”). The Seaway Pipeline is comprised of the Longhaul System, the Freeport System and the Texas City System. The Cushing hub is an industry trading hub and price settlement point for West Texas Intermediate (“WTI”) crude oil on the New York Mercantile Exchange (“NYMEX”).

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Demand for our products is generally balanced over the second and third quarters of the year and increases in the first and fourth quarters primarily because of holidays and other seasonal events. Depending on the timing of Easter, the holiday sales may shift between and affect net revenue in the first and second quarter. 
We generally sell our products to supermarket chains, wholesalers, supercenters, club stores, mass merchandisers, distributors, convenience stores, gasoline stations, drug stores, value stores and other retail food outlets. We also sell products directly to businesses and consumers through various pure play e-retail platforms, retailer digital platforms, our Direct to Consumer websites and social media platforms. 
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues from continuing operations in 2021. Our five largest customers accounted for 16.7% and our ten largest customers accounted for 23.0% of net revenues from continuing operations in 2021. For a discussion of long-term demographics, consumer trends and demand, refer to our Financial Outlook within Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
GBE is the global division that drives opportunities for consumers to engage with leading entertainment brands and franchises. Through its strategic franchise development group and global commercial businesses, GBE creates lasting connections to WBD’s iconic characters, talent, and storytelling. GBE operates Global Consumer Products, Themed Entertainment and Brand Licensing, and world-renowned comic and publishing powerhouse DC Comics . 
Global distribution of most of WBD’s award-winning content is handled by Content Sales , which provides content for viewers across streaming, cable, satellite and broadcast networks, local television stations, and airlines. Warner Bros. Home Entertainment oversees the global distribution of content through physical goods (Blu-ray Disc™ and DVD) and digital media in the form of electronic sell-through and video-on-demand via cable, satellite, online, and mobile channels. 
The Studios segment also includes Warner Bros. Games , a worldwide publisher, developer, licensor, and distributor of content for the interactive space across all platforms, including console, handheld, mobile, and PC-based gaming for both internal and third-party game titles. There are currently 11 wholly owned game development studios under the Warner Bros. Games umbrella.
