VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
As of December 31, 2020, the carrying value of our asset-backed debt was $10.6 billion. Our asset-backed debt includes Asset-Backed Notes (ABS Notes) issued to third-party investors (Investors) and loans (ABS Financing Facilities) received from banks and their conduit facilities (collectively, the Banks). Our consolidated asset-backed debt bankruptcy remote legal entities (each, an ABS Entity or collectively, the ABS Entities) issue the debt or are otherwise party to the transaction documentation in connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our asset-backed debt, Cellco and certain other affiliates of Verizon (collectively, the Originators) transfer device payment plan agreement receivables to one of the ABS Entities, which in turn transfers such receivables to another ABS Entity that issues the debt. Verizon entities retain the equity interests in the ABS Entities, which represent the rights to all funds not needed to make required payments on the asset-backed debt and other related payments and expenses. 
Our asset-backed debt is secured by the transferred device payment plan agreement receivables and future collections on such receivables. The device payment plan agreement receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of device payment plan agreement receivables, and other obligations arising from our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon’s creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt, but do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement, Verizon has agreed to guarantee certain of the payment obligations of Cellco and the Originators to the ABS Entities. 
Cash collections on the device payment plan agreement receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other, and Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Indemnification Programs We are a participant in state-based industry pools, facilities or associations, mandating participation by insurers offering certain coverage in their state, including the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association (“MCCA”), the New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association, the North Carolina Reinsurance Facility and the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund. We also participate in the Federal Government National Flood Insurance Program. 
• On August 6, 2020, member companies of the MCCA were notified of the ratification of amendments to the MCCA’s Plan of Operation. The amendments were designed to align the Plan of Operation with Public Acts 21 and 22, which passed in 2019. 
• On July 2, 2021, legislation passed in 2019 became effective, setting fee schedules for personal injury protection claims. Such fee schedules were set at 200% of Medicare rates in 2021, declining to 195% in 2022 and 190% in 2023, for any providers other than certain unique categories of providers and applying to treatment on existing and new claims.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s arrangements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if its products or services infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any material liabilities related to such obligations in the accompanying consolidated  financial statements. 
The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person’s service as a director or officer, including any action by the Company, arising out of that person’s services as the Company’s director or officer or that person’s services provided to any other company or enterprise at the Company’s request. The Company maintains director and officer insurance coverage that would generally enable the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company may also be subject to indemnification obligations by law with respect to the actions of its employees under certain circumstances and in certain jurisdictions. 
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, which in addition to replacing the existing revenue recognition guidance, provides guidance on the recognition of costs related to obtaining customer contracts. The adoption was material to the Company’s reported operating results and balance sheet for fiscal 2018 and 2017, as it requires additional types of costs to be capitalized and amortized over a longer period. The Company also recorded the related income tax effects, which did not have a material impact due to the Company's valuation allowance. The adoption had no impact to the Company’s operating cash flow.
