VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Public Sector and Other offers wireless products and services as well as wireline connectivity and managed solutions to U.S. federal, state and local governments and educational institutions. These services include the business services and connectivity similar to the products and services offered by Global Enterprise, in each case, with features and pricing designed to address the needs of governments and educational institutions. In 2019 , Public Sector and Other revenues were $5.9 billion , representing approximately 19% of Business’s total revenues. 
Public Sector and Other also includes solutions that support fleet tracking management, compliance management, field service management, asset tracking and other types of mobile resource management in the United States and around the world. 
Wholesale offers wireline communications services including data, voice, local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers. In 2019 , Wholesale revenues were $3.2 billion , representing approximately 10% of Business’s total revenues. A portion of Wholesale revenues are generated by a few large telecommunications companies, most of which compete directly with us. Wholesale's services include:

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding into new horizontal markets.  As part of our growth strategy, which is driven both organically and through acquisitions, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, commerce, IoT and integration, and expect to continue this type of horizontal expansion in the future. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in top industries and major regions globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have steadily increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ, and we intend to develop additional distribution channels for our solutions around the globe. 
Promoting strong customer adoption. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, as well as advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and accelerate digital transformation.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
New Jersey Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Agreement  comprises two  existing contracts and a newly placed contract that reinsures personal lines property and automobile excess catastrophe losses in New Jersey caused by multiple perils. The newly placed contract effective June 1, 2018, also includes coverage for commercial lines property and automobile (physical damage only) catastrophe losses. 
The contracts expire May 31, 2019, May 31, 2020 and May 31, 2021, and provide 31.67% , 31.67%  and 31.66% , respectively, of $400 million  of limits excess of a provisional $139 million  retention, a $142 million  retention, and a $150 million  retention, respectively. Each contract includes one  mandatory reinstatement of limits per contract year with premium due. The reinsurance premium and retention are subject to redetermination for exposure changes on an annual basis. 
Kentucky Earthquake Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract is a three -year contract that reinsures personal lines property excess catastrophe losses in Kentucky caused by earthquakes and fires following earthquakes. The contract expires May 31, 2020 and provides three  limits of $28 million  in excess of a $2 million  retention with two  limits being available in any one  contract year and is 95%  placed. The reinsurance premium and retention are not subject to redetermination for exposure changes.
