ALLSTATE CORP report:
ceded to Prudential. In 2017 , premiums and contract charges of $76 million , contract benefits of $7 million , interest credited to contractholder funds of $20 million , and operating costs and expenses of $15 million  were ceded to Prudential. In 2016 , premiums and contract charges of $78 million , contract benefits of $21 million , interest credited to contractholder funds of $20 million , and operating costs and expenses of $15 million  were ceded to Prudential. In addition, as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the Company had reinsurance recoverables of $118 million  and $139 million , 
respectively, due from subsidiaries of Citigroup (Triton Insurance and American Health and Life Insurance) and Scottish Re (U.S.) Inc. in connection with the disposition of substantially all of the direct response distribution business in 2003. 
The Company is the assuming reinsurer for Lincoln Benefit Life Company’s (“LBL’s”) life insurance business sold through the Allstate agency channel and LBL’s payout annuity business in force prior to the sale of LBL on April 1, 2014. Under the terms of the reinsurance agreement, the Company is required to

SALESFORCE INC report:
Developed technology represents the fair value of Datorama's technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with Datorama customers. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating Datorama's technology with the Company's other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income taxes purposes. 
The Company assumed unvested options and restricted stock with a fair value of $170 million . Of the total consideration, $93 million  was allocated to the purchase consideration and $77 million  was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
In May 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MuleSoft, which provides a platform for building application networks that connect enterprise apps, data and devices, across any cloud and on-premise solution. The Company has included the financial results of MuleSoft in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $24 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MuleSoft was approximately $6.4 billion , which consisted of the following (in millions):

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Bandwidth (speed) and network reliability.   Consumers and small business customers seek fast and reliable connections for entertainment, communications and productivity. As Internet use increases, so do bandwidth requirements, both downstream and upstream. We and other network-based providers must ensure that our networks can meet these increasing bandwidth requirements. In addition, network reliability and security are increasingly important competitive factors for our Enterprise Solutions and Business Markets customers, which include state and local government and education (SLED) customers and small and medium business (SMB) customers. We continue to invest in our network to be able to meet growing bandwidth demand and provide reliable and secure networks. 
Pricing. Cable operators, telecommunications companies and integrated service providers use pricing to capture market share from incumbents. Pricing is also a significant factor as non-traditional modes of providing communication services emerge and new entrants compete for customers. For example, VoIP and portal-based voice and video calling is free or nearly free to customers and is often supported by advertising revenues. 
Customer service.  Customers expect industry-leading service from their service providers. As technologies and services evolve, the ability to excel in this area is important for customer acquisition and retention. For our Consumer Markets and Business Markets customers, we compete in this area through our service representatives and online support. We provide our Enterprise Solutions customers with ready access to their system and performance information and we conduct proactive testing of our network to identify issues before they affect their customers. In our Partner Solutions business, service improvement is achieved through continued system automation initiatives.
