ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The maximum rates to be charged by NGA-jurisdictional natural gas companies and their terms and conditions for service are required to be on file with the FERC. Most natural gas companies are authorized to offer discounts from their FERC-approved maximum just and reasonable rates when competition warrants such discounts. Natural gas companies are also generally permitted to offer negotiated rates different from rates established in their tariff if, among other requirements, such companies’ tariffs offer a cost-based recourse rate available to a prospective shipper as an alternative to the negotiated rate. Natural gas companies must make offers of rate discounts and negotiated rates on a basis that is not unduly discriminatory. Existing tariff rates may be challenged by complaint or on FERC’s own motion, and if found unjust and unreasonable, may be altered on a prospective basis from no earlier than the date of the complaint or initiation of a proceeding by the FERC. The FERC must also approve all rate changes. We cannot guarantee that the FERC will allow us to charge rates that fully recover our costs or continue to pursue its approach of pro-competitive policies. 
For two of our NGA-jurisdictional natural gas companies, Tiger and Fayetteville Express, the large majority of capacity in those pipelines is subscribed for lengthy terms under FERC-approved negotiated rates. However, as indicated above, cost-based recourse rates are also offered under their respective tariffs. 
Pursuant to the FERC’s rules promulgated under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, it is unlawful for any entity, directly or indirectly, in connection with the purchase or sale of electric energy or natural gas or the purchase or sale of transmission or transportation services subject to FERC jurisdiction: (i) to defraud using any device, scheme or artifice; (ii) to make any untrue statement of material fact or omit a material fact; or (iii) to engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) also holds authority to monitor certain segments of the physical and futures energy commodities market pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA”). With regard to our physical purchases and sales of natural gas, NGLs or other energy commodities; our transportation of these energy commodities; and any related hedging activities that we undertake, we are required to observe these anti-market manipulation laws and related regulations enforced by the FERC and/or the CFTC. These agencies hold substantial enforcement authority, including the ability

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Content purchase commitments are associated with third-party producers and sports associations for content that airs on the television networks. Production contracts generally require the purchase of a specified number of episodes with payments over the term of the license. Production contracts include both programs that have been delivered and are available for airing and programs that have not yet been produced or sporting events that have not yet taken place. If the content is ultimately never produced, the Company's commitments expire without obligation. The commitments disclosed above exclude content liabilities recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. 
Other purchase obligations include agreements with certain vendors and suppliers for the purchase of goods and services whereby the underlying agreements are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms. Significant purchase obligations include transmission services, television rating services, marketing research, employment contracts, equipment purchases, and information technology services. Some of these contracts do not require the purchase of fixed or minimum quantities and generally may be terminated with a 30-day  to 60-day  advance notice without penalty, and are not included in the table above past the 30-day  to 60-day  advance notice period. Amounts related to employment contracts include base compensation, but do not include compensation contingent on future events. 
Although the Company had funding commitments to equity method investees as of December 31, 2018 , the Company may also provide uncommitted additional funding to its equity method investments in the future. (See Note 4.)

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
442   473   Finance leases and other 297   244   Total 20,634   19,296   Less current portion of long-term debt ( 383 ) ( 1,746 ) Long-term debt $ 20,251   $ 17,550    (1) Amounts are shown net of unamortized premiums, discounts and bank fees of $( 149 ) million and imputed interest on finance leases of $( 28 ) million, were (in millions): 
We recorded a $ 129 million loss on debt extinguishment and related expenses within interest and other expense, net, consisting of $ 38 million paid in excess of carrying value of the debt and from recognizing unamortized discounts and deferred financing costs in earnings and $ 91 million from recognizing unamortized forward starting swap losses in earnings at the time of the debt extinguishment. The cash payments related to the debt extinguishment were classified as cash outflows from financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
September 2021 October 2024 $ 500 $ 500 1.000 % March 2021 March 2022 € 500 $ 587 1.625 % March 2021 January 2023 € 700 $ 821 2.125 % March 2021 April 2023 $ 500 $ 500 4.000 % March 2021 February 2024 $ 492 $ 492
