MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Demand – We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. In recent years, low GDP growth, economic recessionary pressures, weak consumer confidence, a historically strong U.S. dollar and changing consumer trends have slowed category growth. We have begun to see improvements in global economic growth and consumer confidence, however, there are still geopolitical and economic uncertainties that may affect category growth, Growth in our global snacking categories improved this year to approximately 2.7% in 2018 , from 2.1% in 2017 and 2.3% in 2016. As part of our new strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth through leveraging our local-first commercial approach, making additional investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets and improving our position across multiple channels. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. 
Volatility of Global Markets – Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. Some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. See below for a discussion of Brexit and Argentina, which was designated a highly inflationary economy in 2018. In addition, the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities and potential changes in U.S. trade programs, trade relations, regulations, taxes or fiscal policies might negatively affect our sales or profitability. To help mitigate adverse effects of ongoing volatility across markets, we aim to protect profitability through the management of costs (including hedging) and pricing as well as invest in our brands and new routes to market. 
Competition – We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, agile product innovation and high standards of product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Our marketing operations in which we market the natural gas that flows through our gathering and intrastate transportation assets, referred to as on-system gas. We also attract other customers by marketing volumes of natural gas that do not move through our assets, referred to as off-system gas. For both on-system and off-system gas, we purchase natural gas from natural gas producers and other suppliers and sell that natural gas to utilities, industrial consumers, other marketers and pipeline companies, thereby generating gross margins based upon the difference between the purchase and resale prices of natural gas, less the costs of transportation. For the off-system gas, we purchase gas or act as an agent for small independent producers that may not have marketing operations. 
• Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Dual Drive Technologies, Ltd. (“DDT”), which provides compression services to customers engaged in the transportation of natural gas, including our other segments. 
• Our subsidiaries are involved in the management of coal and natural resources properties and the related collection of royalties. We also earn revenues from other land management activities, such as selling standing timber, leasing coal-related infrastructure facilities, and collecting oil and gas royalties. These operations also include end-user coal handling facilities.

SALESFORCE INC report:
(2) Operating leases do not include sublease income. The Company has entered into various sublease agreements with third parties. Under these agreements, the Company expects to receive sublease income of approximately $ 146 million in the next five years and $ 79 million thereafter. 
(3) Total Financing Obligation - Leased Facility represents the total obligation on the Company’s lease agreement at 350 Mission including amounts allocated to interest and the implied lease for the land. As of January 31, 2019, $ 215 million of the total $ 279 million above was recorded to Financing obligation leased facility, of which the current portion is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities and the noncurrent portion is included in other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Upon adoption of ASC 842, the lease is accounted for as a finance lease. 
As of January 31, 2020, the Company had a total of $ 94 million in letters of credit outstanding substantially in favor of certain landlords for office space. These letters of credit renew annually and expire at various dates through 2033.
