WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
(b) Interest on senior notes is paid annually, semi-annually or quarterly. Our senior notes outstanding as of December 31, 2019 had interest rates that ranged from 1.90% to 6.35% and will mature between 2020 and 2049. 
We expect that our cash balance, cash generated from operations and availability under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our cash needs for the next twelve months. Our borrowing costs and access to the capital markets can be affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in part, on our performance as measured by credit metrics, such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. 
As of December 31, 2019 , we held $219 million of our $1.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents in our foreign subsidiaries. The 2017 Tax Act enacted on December 22, 2017 features a participation exemption regime with current taxation of certain foreign income and imposes a mandatory repatriation toll tax on unremitted foreign earnings. Notwithstanding the U.S. taxation of these amounts, we intend to continue to reinvest these funds outside of the U.S. Our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to the U.S. However, if these funds are needed in the U.S., we would be required to accrue and pay non-U.S. taxes to repatriate them. The determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability with respect to these undistributed foreign earnings is not practicable.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income increased $127 million (48.7%), primarily due to higher net pricing, favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs due to productivity, lower divestiture-related costs and lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher remeasurement loss on net monetary position, acquisition integration costs incurred in 2022, the impact of divestitures, inventory step-up charges incurred in 2022 and lapping a prior-year favorable impact from the resolution of a tax matter. 
Net revenues increased $320 million (12.9%), due to higher net pricing (13.7 pp), favorable volume/mix (6.1 pp) and the impact of divestitures (0.3 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (7.2 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. Favorable volume/mix reflected strong volume growth as the negative impacts from the pandemic that we experienced in the prior year subsided across the region. Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains in chocolate, biscuits & baked snacks, gum and candy, partially offset by declines in refreshment beverages and cheese & grocery. In addition, businesses divested in 2022 added incremental revenues of $11 million in 2021. Unfavorable currency impacts were primarily due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Argentinean peso and Brazilian real. 
Segment operating income increased $72 million (38.1%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs (productivity and lower incremental COVID-19 related costs), lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and favorable volume/mix. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, divestiture-related costs incurred in 2021, unfavorable currency, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses and lower benefits from the resolution of tax matters.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Actions have also taken place at the international level, with the U.S. being involved. Various policies and approaches, including establishing a cap on emissions, requiring efficiency measures, or providing incentives for emissions reduction, use of renewable energy, or use of replacement fuels with lower carbon content are under discussion and have and may continue to result in additional actions involving greenhouse gases.
These federal, regional and state measures generally apply to industrial sources (including facilities in the oil and gas sector) and suppliers and distributors of fuel, and could increase the operating and compliance costs of our pipelines, natural gas processing facilities, fractionation plants and other facilities, and the costs of certain sale and distribution activities. These regulations could also adversely affect market demand and pricing for products handled by our midstream network, by affecting the price of, or reducing the demand for, fossil fuels or providing competitive advantages to competing fuels and energy sources. The potential increase in the costs of our operations could include costs to operate and maintain our facilities, install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our greenhouse gas emissions, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions, or administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program. While we may be able to include some or all of such increased costs in the rates charged by our pipelines or other facilities, such recovery of costs is uncertain and may depend on events beyond our control, including the outcome of future rate proceedings before the FERC and the provisions of any final regulations. In addition, changes in regulatory policies that result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products that are deemed to contribute to greenhouse gases, or restrictions on their use, may reduce volumes available to us for processing, transportation, marketing and storage.
Within their respective market areas, our natural gas processing facilities and related NGL marketing activities encounter competition primarily from independent processors, major integrated oil companies, and financial institutions with commodity trading platforms. Each of our marketing competitors has varying levels of financial and personnel resources, and competition generally revolves around price, quality of customer service and proximity to customers and other market hubs. In the markets served by our NGL pipelines, we compete with a number of intrastate and interstate pipeline companies (including those affiliated with major oil, petrochemical and natural gas companies) and barge, rail and truck fleet operations. In general, our NGL pipelines compete with these entities in terms of transportation fees, reliability and quality of customer service.
