WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Revenue contracts with our advertising customers may include multiple distinct performance obligations. For example, linear and digital advertising contracts may include sponsorship, production, or product integration in addition to the airing of spots and the satisfaction of an audience guarantee. For such contracts, judgment is required in allocating the contract value to the individual performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices. Various factors such as prior transactions, rate cards and other market indicators are used to determine the standalone selling price of each performance obligation and accordingly, how much revenue is allocated to each performance obligation. For these contracts, revenue recorded when each performance obligation has been satisfied and value has been transferred to the customer. 
A substantial portion of the advertising contracts in the U.S. and certain international markets guarantee the advertiser a minimum audience level that either the program in which their advertisements are aired or the advertisement will reach. These advertising campaigns are considered to represent a single, distinct performance obligation. For such contracts, judgement is required in measuring progress across the Company’s single performance obligation. Various factors such as rate cards and audience guarantees are considered in determining how to appropriately measure progress across the campaigns. Revenues are ultimately recognized based on the audience level delivered multiplied by the average price per impression. 
The Company also enters into certain distribution contracts with customers that include promises to deliver content libraries. There are generally two types of such arrangements: 1) content licensing arrangements that include subscription video on demand (“SVOD”) licensing arrangements and 2) digital DTC content (such as VOD and authenticated TVE applications) which is a performance obligation within our distribution arrangements. These contracts vary by customer and in certain instances include a promise to deliver existing content and new content. In these arrangements, the individual program titles delivered represent a distinct performance obligation.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our e-commerce operations allow us to connect with our members online and provide additional products and services, many not found in our warehouses. Net sales for e-commerce represented approximately 6% of total net sales in 2020. This figure does not consider other services we offer online in certain countries such as business delivery, travel, same-day grocery, and various other services. 
We have direct buying relationships with many producers of national brand-name merchandise. We do not obtain a significant portion of merchandise from any one supplier. The COVID-19 pandemic created unprecedented supply constraints including disruptions and delays that have impacted and could continue to impact the flow and availability of certain products. When sources of supply become unavailable, we seek alternative sources. We also purchase and manufacture private-label merchandise, as long as quality and member demand are high and the value to our members is significant. 
Our members may utilize their memberships at our warehouses worldwide. Gold Star memberships are available to individuals; Business memberships are limited to businesses, including individuals with a business license, retail sales license or comparable document. Business members may add additional cardholders (affiliates), to which the same annual fee applies. Affiliates are not available for Gold Star members. Our annual fee for these memberships is $60 in our U.S. and Canadian operations and varies in other countries. All paid memberships include a free household card.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• We own and operate NGL fractionators located in Chambers County, Texas. These fractionators process mixed NGLs from several major NGL supply basins in North America, including the Permian Basin, Rocky Mountains, Eagle Ford Shale, Mid-Continent and San Juan Basin. Our Chambers County NGL fractionators are connected to our network of NGL supply and distribution pipelines, approximately 130 MMBbls of underground salt dome storage capacity, along with access to international markets through our marine terminals located on the Houston Ship Channel.
In April 2022, we announced plans to construct a twelfth NGL fractionator (“Frac XII”) in Chambers County, Texas. Frac XII is expected to be capable of processing 150 MBPD of NGLs and enter service in the third quarter of 2023. Completion of this fractionator is expected to increase our total Chambers County NGL fractionation capacity to approximately 1.2 MMBPD.
 • The Shoup and Armstrong NGL fractionators in South Texas process mixed NGLs supplied by regional natural gas processing facilities. Purity NGL products from these fractionators are transported to local markets in the Corpus Christi area and also to Chambers County, Texas using our South Texas NGL Pipeline System.
