BOEING CO report:
At BGS, we are seeing a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights and more aircraft retirements result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings. Additionally, our commercial customers are curtailing discretionary spending, such as modifications and upgrades and focusing on required maintenance. Similar to BCA, we expect a multi-year recovery period for the commercial services business. The demand outlook for our government services business, which in 2019 accounted for just under half of BGS revenue, remains stable. 
At BDS, we continue to see a healthy market with solid demand for our major platforms and programs both domestically and internationally. However, we experienced near-term production impacts associated with our temporary suspension of operations at various locations in 2020 . 
In March and April of 2020, as a result of COVID-19, we temporarily suspended operations at multiple locations including the Puget Sound area, South Carolina and Philadelphia. Operations in Puget Sound and Philadelphia resumed during the week of April 20, while operations in South Carolina resumed beginning on May 3. We have implemented procedures to promote employee safety in our facilities, including more frequent and enhanced cleaning and adjusted schedules and work flows to support physical distancing. These actions have resulted, and will continue to result, in increased operating costs. In addition, a number of our suppliers have suspended or otherwise reduced their operations, and we are experiencing some supply chain shortages. Our suppliers are also experiencing liquidity pressures and disruptions to their operations as a result of COVID-19. We also continue to have large numbers of employees working from home. These measures and disruptions have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in 2020. We expect further adverse impacts in future quarters.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Interest Rate Swap Agreements —We may use interest rate swaps as hedging instruments and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. Additionally, the carrying amount of the associated debt is adjusted through earnings for changes in the fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates. 
   December 31, (US$ in millions) 2020 2019 Convertible perpetual preference shares $ 690   $ 690 Common shares 1   1 Additional paid-in capital 5,408   5,329 Retained earnings 7,236   6,437 Accumulated other comprehensive income (6,246) (5,624) 
Total Bunge shareholders' equity was $6,069 million at December 31, 2020 compared to $5,913 million at December 31, 2019. The increase in Bunge shareholders' equity during the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to $1,145 million of Net income attributable to Bunge, offset by $622 million of Other comprehensive loss, primarily currency translation adjustment, $282 million and $34 million of declared dividends to common and preferred shareholders, respectively, and $100 million of common share repurchases.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We enter into certain intercompany reinsurance transactions for the Allstate Life operations in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. These reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
Allstate Benefits offers voluntary benefits products, including life, accident, critical illness, short-term disability and other health products. In 2019 , Allstate Benefits represented 2.8% of total revenue, 2.9% of total PIF and 3.3% of total adjusted net income. Our target customers are middle market consumers with family and financial protection needs. For additional information on our strategy and outlook, see Part I, Item 1. Business - Strategy and Segment Information.  Summarized financial information 
Adjusted net income decreased 7.3% or $9 million in 2019 compared to 2018 , primarily due to higher DAC amortization related primarily to the non-renewal of a large underperforming account and increased operating costs and expenses, partially offset by higher premiums .
