ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Growth in Structural Heart, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, was 13.0 percent in 2022, driven by growth across several areas of the busin ess, including Amplatzer® Amulet® Left Atrial Appendage Occluder, which offers immediate closure of the left atrial appendage, an area in the heart where blood clots can form and MitraClip®, Abbott's market-leading device for the minimally invasive treatment of mitral regurgitation, a leaky heart valve. In Vascular, 2022 sales decreased 1.0 percent, excluding the impact of exchange, as higher endovascular sales were offset by the negative effect of lower average selling prices globally on traditional DES and other coronary products and a lower recovery of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) procedures which impacted the coronary business. 
In 2021, while procedure volumes across Abbott’s cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses were negatively impacted early in the year by elevated COVID-19 case rates in certain countries, including the U.S., overall volumes improved over the course of 2021 across various businesses. The year-over-year increases in the various businesses reflect a recovery from the 2020 levels when the pandemic reduced procedure volumes as well as sales growth from pre-pandemic levels in Structural Heart, Electrophysiology, and Heart Failure, excluding the effect of foreign exchange. The growth in Structural Heart during 2021 was broad-based across several areas of the business, including MitraClip and TriClip ® , the world’s first minimally invasive, clip-based device for repair of a leaky tricuspid heart valve. 
Abbott’s operations in Russia and Ukraine represent approximately 2 percent of Abbott’s total revenues and net assets, and to date the financial impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has not been material to Abbott’s operations or financial condition. Future implications are difficult to predict, but at present Abbott does not anticipate that the Russia-Ukraine conflict will have a material impact on its operations or financial condition. A more detailed discussion of the risks associated with the Russia-Ukraine conflict is contained in Item 1A. Risk Factors.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The White River Hub is a natural gas hub facility serving producers in the Piceance Basin. The facility enables producers to access six interstate natural gas pipelines and has a gross throughput capacity of 3 Bcf/d of natural gas.
 • The BTA Gathering System , which is located in East Texas, gathers and treats natural gas from the Haynesville Shale and Bossier, Cotton Valley and Travis Peak formations. This system includes our Fairplay Gathering System.
 • The Haynesville Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the Haynesville and Bossier Shale supply basins and the Cotton Valley and Taylor Sand formations in Louisiana and eastern Texas for delivery to regional markets, including (through an interconnect with the Haynesville Extension pipeline) markets served by our Acadian Gas System.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company considers as cash and cash equivalents all cash on deposit, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, and proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of up to four days. Credit and debit card receivables were $ 1,434  and $ 1,348  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively. 
The Company provides for the daily replenishment of major bank accounts as payments are presented. Included in accounts payable at the end of 2019  and 2018  are $ 673  and $ 463 , respectively, representing the excess of outstanding payments over cash on deposit at the banks on which the payments were drawn. 
In general, short-term investments have a maturity at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis.
