ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• a decrease in operating costs of $76 million, primarily as a result of the conversion of 207 retail sites to commission agent sites during April 2018. These expenses include other operating expense, general and administrative expense and lease expense; and 
• a decrease in the gross profit on motor fuel sales of $76 million (excluding the change in inventory fair value adjustments and unrealized gains and losses on commodity risk management activities) primarily due to lower fuel margins, a one-time benefit of approximately $25 million related to a cash settlement with a fuel supplier recorded in 2018 and an $8 million one-time charge related to a reserve for an open contractual dispute recorded in 2019, partially offset by an increase in gallons sold. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2019 2018 Change Revenues $ 698 $ 508 $ 190 Cost of products sold 91 67 24 Segment margin 607 441 166 Operating expenses, excluding non-cash compensation expense

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Management believes that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows with capacity under existing and available credit agreements will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements. 
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $7,392 in 2022, compared to $8,958 in 2021. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily from net sales and membership fees. Cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. Cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. Changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by 
several factors, including how fast inventory is sold, the forward deployment of inventory to accelerate delivery times, payment terms with our suppliers, and early payments to obtain discounts from suppliers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
While we believe all of these goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities, they are aspirational and may change, and there is no guarantee or promise that they will be met. 
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity investment risks. This exposure has increased due to recent financial market movements and changes to our expectations of near-term possible movements caused by the impact of COVID-19 as discussed in more detail below. 
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers, additional headcount in foreign countries, and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Brazilian Real against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change, including market impacts associated with COVID-19. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.
