ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Investments attributable to sustaining capital projects increased $113.7 million year-to-year primarily due to the cost of major maintenance activities performed during the year ended December 31, 2021 at certain of our reaction-based plants (PDH 1, octane enhancement and HPIB facilities). These costs accounted for $106.3 million of the year-to-year increase in sustaining capital investments. For reaction-based plants, we use the deferral method when accounting for major maintenance activities. Under the deferral method, major maintenance costs are capitalized and amortized over the period until the next major overhaul project. We adopted the deferral method for our reaction-based plants in November 2020. Historically, the costs of major maintenance activities attributable to our reaction-based facilities, principally our octane enhancement assets, were not material to our consolidated financial statements.
At December 31, 2021, the average maturity of EPO’s consolidated debt obligations was approximately 20.7 years. The following table presents the scheduled maturities of principal amounts of EPO’s consolidated debt obligations and associated estimated cash payments for interest at December 31, 2021 for the years indicated (dollars in millions):
Estimated cash payments for interest are based on the principal amount of our consolidated debt obligations outstanding at December 31, 2021, the contractually scheduled maturities of such balances, and the applicable interest rates. Our estimated cash payments for interest are influenced by the long-term maturities of our $2.65 billion in junior subordinated notes (due June 2067 through February 2078). The estimated cash payments assume that (i) the junior subordinated notes are not repaid prior to their respective maturity dates and (ii) the amount of interest paid on the junior subordinated notes is based on either (a) the current fixed interest rate charged or (b) the weighted-average variable rate paid in 2021, as applicable, for each note through the respective maturity date.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
For U.S. income tax purposes only, the Company has determined that 100% of the distributions paid to its shareholders in 2022 are characterized as a qualified dividend paid from U.S. earnings and profits. See Note 13, Capital Stock , to the consolidated financial statements and Item 5, Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities – Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities , for information on our share repurchase program. 
As part of our continued efforts to improve our working capital efficiency, we have worked with our suppliers over the past several years to optimize our terms and conditions, which include the extension of payment terms. Our current payment terms with a majority of our suppliers are from 30 to 180 days, which we deem to be commercially reasonable. We also facilitate voluntary supply chain financing (“SCF”) programs through several participating financial institutions. Under these programs, our suppliers, at their sole discretion, determine invoices that they want to sell to participating financial institutions. Our suppliers’ voluntary inclusion of invoices in SCF programs has no bearing on our payment terms or amounts due. Our responsibility is limited to making payments based upon the agreed-upon contractual terms. No guarantees are provided by the Company or any of our subsidiaries under the SCF programs and we have no economic interest in the suppliers’ decision to participate in the SCF programs. Amounts due to our suppliers that elected to participate in the SCF program are included in accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. We have confirmed with participating financial institutions that as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively, of our accounts payable to suppliers that participate in the SCF programs are outstanding. 
As discussed in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies , we enter into third-party guarantees primarily to cover the long-term obligations of our vendors. As part of these transactions, we guarantee that third parties will make contractual payments or achieve performance measures. At December 31, 2022, we had no material third-party guarantees recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. Guarantees do not have, and we do not expect them to have, a material effect on our liquidity.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In our land segment, we primarily offer fuel, heating oil, propane, natural gas, lubricants and related products and services to petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and government customers. Our land-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel and price risk management. We primarily conduct these activities throughout most of the U.S. as well as parts of the U.K. and Brazil. We also offer advisory and fulfillment solutions with respect to power, natural gas and other energy products, as well as sustainability consulting, renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management brand with offices in the U.S., Australia and throughout Europe. In addition, we offer transaction management services, which include card payment solutions, government payment systems for global fuel procurement, merchant processing services, payment solutions for tolls across Europe, and commercial payment programs. 
In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies. These transactions may be pursuant to fuel purchase contracts or through spot sales. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain strategic locations, including pipelines. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market‑based formulas. 
Finally, we provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal commonly referred to as “racks,” which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third‑parties.
