BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1- Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
In the normal course of its operations we routinely enter into transactions resulting in the recognition of assets and liabilities stemming from unconditional obligations, for example trade receivables and trade payables, or conditional obligations, for example unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts at fair value, with the same counterparty. We generally record all such assets and liabilities on a gross basis, even when they are subject to master netting agreements. 
However, we also engage in various trade structured finance activities to leverage the value of our global trade flows. These activities include programs under which we generally obtain U.S. dollar-denominated letters of credit (“LCs”), each based on an underlying commodity trade flow, from financial institutions and time deposits denominated in either the local currency of the financial institutions' counterparties or in U.S. dollars, as well as foreign exchange forward contracts, and other programs in which trade related payables are set-off against receivables when all related assets and liabilities are subject to legally enforceable set-off agreements and the criteria of ASC 210-20, Offsetting , has been met. Cash inflows are offset by the related cash outflows resulting from placement of the time deposits and repayment of the LCs. All cash flows related to the programs are included in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

BOEING CO report:
BCA develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Revenue on commercial aircraft contracts is recognized at the point in time when an aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. Revenue on certain military derivative aircraft contracts is recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred. 
BDS engages in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems, surveillance and engagement, strategic defense and intelligence systems, satellite systems and space exploration. BDS revenue is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred. 
BGS provides parts, maintenance, modifications, logistics support, training, data analytics and information-based services to commercial and government customers worldwide. BGS segment revenue and costs include certain services provided to other segments. Revenue on commercial spare parts contracts is recognized at the point in time when a spare part is delivered to the customer. Revenue on other contracts is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company contributed $ 27 million and $ 23 million to the postretirement benefit plans in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contributions by participants were $ 16 million and $ 14 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
As of December 31, 2021 ($ in millions) Pension benefits Postretirement benefits 2022 $ 602   $ 25   2023 586   25   2024 566   25   2025 533   25   2026 517   24   2027-2031 2,180   85   Total benefit payments $ 4,984   $ 209    
Employees of the Company, with the exception of those employed by the Company’s international, SquareTrade and InfoArmor subsidiaries, are eligible to become members of the Allstate 401(k) Savings Plan (“Allstate Plan”). The Company’s contributions are based on the Company’s matching obligation. The Company is responsible for funding its contribution to the Allstate Plan.
