BOEING CO report:
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in (loss)/earnings from operations during 2020 was a benefit of $1,024 million, largely consistent with a benefit of $1,071 million in 2019 and $1,005 million in 2018. The non-operating pension expense included in Other income, net was a benefit of $340 million in 2020, $374 million in 2019 and $143 million in 2018. The benefits in 2020, 2019, and 2018 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses. 
For further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs see the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on pages 30 - 31 of this Form 10-K and see Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit cost, primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts. 
The table below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of earnings from operations, operating margins and diluted earnings per share.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
As of December 31, 2020 we had more than 23,000 employees. Many of our employees are represented by labor unions, and their employment is governed by collective bargaining agreements. In general, we consider our employee relations to be good. 
Our culture of collaboration and innovation starts with inclusion and recognition of the importance of having different perspectives in our global workforce. Our global workforce and international representation makes Bunge unique. We care about our people, we empower and reward them, and we help them develop personally and professionally. We continuously strive to cultivate and support a highly engaged and productive workforce. From hiring the best talent, to inclusion and diversity initiatives, and through career development, compensation, and wellness, Bunge is committed to creating programs and resources that enhance our workplace environment and the employee experience, which support us in retaining and engaging our most valuable resource, our people. 
Our website address is www.bunge.com. Through the "Investors: Financial Information: SEC Filings" section of our website, it is possible to access our periodic report filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports. Also, filings made pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act with the SEC by our executive officers, directors and other reporting persons with respect to our common shares are made available through our website. Our periodic reports and amendments, and the Section 16 filings, are available through our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such report, amendment or filing is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Receipt of insurance premiums ü ü ü ü Recurring service fees ü ü ü Contractholder fund deposits ü ü ü Reinsurance and indemnification program recoveries ü ü ü ü ü Receipts of principal, interest and dividends on investments ü ü ü ü ü ü Sales of investments ü ü ü ü ü ü Funds from securities lending, commercial paper and line of credit agreements ü ü  ü 
ü Intercompany loans ü ü ü ü ü ü Capital contributions from parent ü ü ü ü ü ü Dividends or return of capital from subsidiaries ü ü ü ü ü ü Tax refunds/settlements ü ü ü ü ü ü Funds from periodic issuance of additional securities ü Receipt of intercompany settlements related to employee benefit plans ü 
Payment of contract benefits, surrenders and withdrawals ü ü ü Reinsurance cessions and indemnification program payments ü ü ü ü ü Operating costs and expenses ü ü ü ü ü ü Purchase of investments ü ü ü ü ü ü Repayment of securities lending, commercial paper and line of credit agreements ü ü ü ü Payment or repayment of intercompany loans ü ü ü ü ü ü Capital contributions to subsidiaries ü ü ü ü ü ü Dividends or return of capital to shareholders/parent company ü ü ü ü ü ü Tax payments/settlements ü ü ü ü ü ü Common share repurchases ü Debt service expenses and repayment ü ü Payments related to employee benefit plans ü ü ü ü ü ü Payments for acquisitions ü ü ü ü ü ü
