WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As a result of the Merger, WM’s assets, liabilities, and operations were included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the Closing Date. The following table presents WM revenue and earnings as reported within the consolidated financial statements (in millions). 
The following unaudited pro forma combined financial information presents the combined results of the Company and WM as if the Merger had been completed on January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma combined financial information is presented for informational purposes and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the Merger had occurred on January 1, 2021, nor is it indicative of future results. The following table presents the Company’s pro forma combined revenues and net loss (in millions). 
The unaudited pro forma combined financial information includes, where applicable, adjustments for (i) additional costs of revenues from the fair value step-up of film and television library, (ii) additional amortization expense related to acquired intangible assets, (iii) additional depreciation expense from the fair value of property and equipment, (iv) transaction costs and other one-time non-recurring costs, (v) additional interest expense for borrowings related to the Merger and amortization associated with fair value adjustments of debt assumed, (vi) changes to align accounting policies, (vii) elimination of intercompany activity, and (viii) associated tax-related impacts of adjustments. These pro forma adjustments are based on available information as of the date hereof and upon assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable to reflect the impact of the Merger with WM on the Company's historical financial information on a supplemental pro forma basis. Adjustments do not include costs related to integration activities, cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined business.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Implementation costs are directly attributable to restructuring activities; however, they do not qualify for special accounting treatment as exit or disposal activities. We believe the disclosure of implementation costs provides readers of our financial statements with more information on the total costs of our Simplify to Grow Program. Implementation costs primarily relate to reorganizing our operations and facilities in connection with our supply chain reinvention program and other identified productivity and cost saving initiatives. The costs include incremental expenses related to the closure of facilities, costs to terminate certain contracts and the simplification of our information systems. Within our continuing results of operations, we recorded implementation costs of $ 207 million in 2020, $ 272 million in 2019 and $ 315 million in 2018. We recorded these costs within cost of sales and general corporate expense within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
During 2020, 2019 and 2018, and since inception of the Simplify to Grow Program, we recorded the following restructuring and implementation costs within segment operating income and earnings before income taxes: 
We repaid all outstanding commercial paper borrowings as of December 31, 2020 using the proceeds from net issuances of long-term debt, proceeds from sales of KDP and JDEP shares and operating cash flows.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
On September 2, 2016, we terminated AFW for cause and filed a lawsuit in the 151st Judicial Civil District Court of Harris County, Texas against AFW and its parent company, Amec Foster Wheeler plc, asserting claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, fraudulent inducement, string-along fraud, gross negligence, professional negligence, negligent misrepresentation and attorneys’ fees. We intend to diligently prosecute these claims and seek all direct, consequential, and exemplary damages to which we may be entitled. 
On occasion, we are assessed monetary penalties by governmental authorities related to administrative or judicial proceedings involving environmental matters. In December 2017, we received a Notice of Enforcement from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality associated with historical self-disclosed violations that occurred at our Mont Belvieu complex. The eventual resolution of these matters may result in monetary sanctions in excess of $0.1 million. We do not expect such expenditures to be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
The following information should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the United States (“U.S.”).
