SALESFORCE INC report:
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning. Learning and development opportunities include Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees, in-person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks and more. We also encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations. For example, over 7,600 employees participated in at least one of our professional development training programs in fiscal 2022. 
We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of stock options, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local laws and to be competitive in the marketplace. 
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2021 ($ in millions) Number of loans Amortized cost, net Percent 2022 5   $ 98   11.9   % 2023 6   44   5.4   2024 5   89   10.8   2025 7   115   14.0   Thereafter 30   475   57.9   Total 53   $ 821   100.0   % 
Limited partnerships Investments in limited partnership interests include interests in private equity funds, real estate funds and other funds. Principal factors influencing carrying value appreciation or decline include operating performance, comparable public company earnings multiples, capitalization rates and the economic environment. For equity method limited partnerships, the Company recognizes an impairment loss when evidence demonstrates that the loss is other than temporary. Evidence of a loss in value that is other than temporary may include the absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or the inability of the investee to sustain a level of earnings that would justify the carrying amount of the investment. Changes in fair value limited partnerships are recorded through net investment income and therefore are not tested for impairment. 
 Carrying value for limited partnership interests As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2020 ($ in millions) EMA Fair Value Total EMA Fair Value Total Private equity $ 4,905   $ 1,434   $ 6,339   $ 2,667   $ 988   $ 3,655   Real estate 823   97   920   623   74   697

BOEING CO report:
We will continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in future quarters. Changes in our forecasts, discount rates, or decreases in the value of our common stock could cause book values to exceed their fair values which may result in goodwill impairment charges in future periods. 
Many of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. Nonunion and the majority of union employees that had participated in defined benefit pension plans transitioned to a company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plan in 2016. Additional union employees transitioned to company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plans effective January 1, 2019. Accounting rules require an annual measurement of our projected obligation and plan assets. These measurements are based upon several assumptions, including the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of asset return. Future changes in assumptions or differences between actual and expected outcomes can significantly affect our future annual expense, projected benefit obligation and Shareholders’ equity. 
The projected benefit obligation is sensitive to discount rates. The projected benefit obligation would decrease by $2,591 million or increase by $2,930 million if the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points. A 25 basis point change in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on pension cost. However, net periodic pension cost is sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. A decrease or increase of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have increased or decreased 2020 net periodic pension cost by $145 million.
