SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue Recognition - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations. We enter into contracts with our customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, we have generally concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct. 
We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The SSP is the price at which we would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We determine SSP by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and volume of our transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, our go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. In instances where we do not sell or price a product or service separately, we determine the estimated standalone selling price using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Through our midstream segment, we own and operate natural gas gathering and NGL pipelines, natural gas processing plants, natural gas treating facilities and natural gas conditioning facilities with an aggregate processing capacity of approximately 11.2 Bcf/d. Our midstream segment focuses on the gathering, compression, treating, blending, and processing, and our operations are currently concentrated in major producing basins and shales in South Texas, West Texas, New Mexico, North Texas, East Texas, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Kansas and Louisiana. Many of our midstream assets are integrated with our intrastate transportation and storage assets. 
Our midstream segment includes a 60% interest in Edwards Lime Gathering, LLC, which operates natural gas gathering, oil pipeline and oil stabilization facilities in South Texas, a 75% membership interest in ORS, which operates a natural gas gathering system in the Utica shale in Ohio and a 50% membership interest in Atoka Midstream LLC, which owns a natural gas gathering system in Oklahoma. 
Our midstream segment results are derived primarily from margins we earn for natural gas volumes that are gathered, transported, purchased and sold through our pipeline systems and the natural gas and NGL volumes processed at our processing and treating facilities.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On June 27, 2017, a global malware incident impacted our business. The malware affected a significant portion of our global sales, distribution and financial networks. Following the incident, we executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages and restore our systems environment. We also restored our main operating systems and processes and enhanced our system security. To date, we have not found, nor do we expect to find, any instances of Company or personal data released externally. 
During 2017, we estimated the malware incident had a negative impact of 0.4% on our net revenue and Organic Net Revenue growth as we recognized the majority of delayed second quarter shipments in our third quarter 2017 results and we also permanently lost some revenue. We incurred total incremental expenses of $84 million predominantly during the second half of 2017 as part of the recovery effort. The recovery from the incident was largely resolved by the end of 2017 and we continued efforts to strengthen our security measures and enhance general information technology, business process and disclosure controls. 
Net revenues were approximately $25.9 billion in both 2019 and 2018 , a decrease of 0.3% in 2019 and an increase of 0.2% in 2018 . In 2019, net revenues declined due to the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of the divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa. Net revenues were positively affected by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix, as well as the acquisitions of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks in 2019 and a U.S. premium biscuit company, Tate's Bake Shop, in 2018. In 2018, net revenues grew due to higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Net revenues were also positively affected by the acquisition of Tate's Bake Shop. Net revenue growth was negatively affected by the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of several business divestitures that occurred in 2017 which reduced net revenues in 2018 as compared to the prior year.
