SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third-party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason.

BOEING CO report:
Commercial spare parts contracts Certain contracts at our BGS segment include sales of commercial spare parts. For each contract, we determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received. The spare parts have discrete unit prices that represent fair value. We generally consider each spare part to be a separate performance obligation. Revenue is recognized for each commercial spare part performance obligation at the point in time of delivery to the customer. We may provide our customers with a right to return a commercial spare part where a customer may receive a full or partial refund, a credit applied to amounts owed, a different product in exchange, or any combination of these items. We consider the potential for customer returns in the estimated transaction price. The amount reported as cost of sales is recorded at average cost. Payments for commercial spare parts sales are typically received shortly after delivery. 
Other service revenue contracts Certain contracts at our BGS segment are for sales of services to commercial customers including maintenance, training, data analytics and information-based services. We recognize revenue for these service performance obligations over time as the services are rendered. The method of measuring progress (such as straight-line or billable amount) varies depending upon which method best depicts the transfer of control to the customer based on the type of service performed. Cost of sales is recorded as incurred. 
Concession Sharing Arrangements We account for sales concessions to our customers in consideration of their purchase of products and services as a reduction of the transaction price and the revenue that is recognized for the related performance obligations. The sales concessions incurred may be partially reimbursed by certain suppliers in accordance with concession sharing arrangements. We record these reimbursements, which are presumed to represent reductions in the price of the vendor’s products or services, as a reduction in Cost of products.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our 2023 capital program includes capital to fund advanced networks and services, including expanding our core networks, adding capacity and density to our 5G network in order to stay ahead of our customers’ increasing data demands and deploying C-Band, transforming our structure to deploy the Intelligent Edge Network while reducing the cost to deliver services to our customers, and pursuing other opportunities to drive operating efficiencies. We expect that our network architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, improve our 4G LTE coverage, speed the deployment of 5G technology, and create new enterprise opportunities in the business market. We anticipate cash requirements for our 2023 capital program to be between $18.25 billion and $19.25 billion, inclusive of the final $1.75 billion of the incremental $10 billion related to our accelerated C-Band deployment program. 
• Long-term debt, including current maturities, commitments of $149.4 billion, of which $9.3 billion are expected to be due within the next twelve months. Related interest payments are $73.6 billion, of which $5.6 billion, are expected to be due within the next twelve months. Items included in long-term debt with variable coupon rates exclude unamortized debt issuance costs, and are described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. 
• Operating lease obligations of $29.8 billion and Finance lease obligations of $1.8 billion, of which $4.6 billion and $586 million, respectively, are expected to be due within the next twelve months. In addition, Verizon has an obligation of $675 million representing future minimum payments under the sublease arrangement for our cell towers, of which $297 million is expected to be due within the next twelve months. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
