COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company's asset retirement obligations (ARO) primarily relate to leasehold improvements that must be removed at the end of a lease. These obligations are generally recorded as a discounted liability, with an offsetting asset at the inception of the lease term, based upon the estimated fair value of the costs to remove the improvements. These liabilities are accreted over time to the projected future value of the obligation. The ARO assets are depreciated using the same depreciation method as the leasehold improvement assets and are included with buildings and improvements. Estimated ARO liabilities associated with these leases are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
Goodwill represents the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired and is not subject to amortization. The Company reviews goodwill annually in the fourth quarter for impairment or when circumstances indicate carrying value may exceed the fair value. This evaluation is performed at the reporting unit level. If a qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than carrying value, a quantitative analysis is completed using either the income or market approach, or a combination of both. The income approach estimates fair value based on expected discounted future cash flows, while the market approach uses comparable public companies and transactions to develop metrics to be applied to historical and expected future operating results. 
Definite-lived intangible assets, which are not material, are included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated lives, which approximates the pattern of expected economic benefit.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Restricted cash represents amounts held in segregated bank accounts by our clearing brokers as margin in support of our commodity derivative instruments portfolio and related physical purchases and sales of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and refined products. Additional cash may be restricted to maintain our commodity derivative instruments portfolio as prices fluctuate or margin requirements change. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, our restricted cash amounts were $65.3 million and $65.2 million, respectively. 
For information regarding our derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. In addition, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report. 
Our partnership agreement requires us to make quarterly distributions to our unitholders of all available cash, after any cash reserves established by Enterprise GP in its sole discretion. Cash reserves include those for the proper conduct of our business, including those for capital expenditures, debt service, working capital, operating expenses, common unit repurchases, commitments and contingencies and other amounts. The retention of cash by the partnership allows us to reinvest in our growth and reduce our future reliance on the equity and debt capital markets.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Quarterly, the Company prepares analyses to support its content amortization expense. Critical assumptions used in determining content amortization include: (i) the grouping of content with similar characteristics, (ii) the application of a quantitative revenue forecast model or viewership model based on the adequacy of historical data, (iii) determining the appropriate historical periods to utilize and the relative weighting of those historical periods in the forecast model, (iv) assessing the accuracy of the Company's forecasts and (v) incorporating secondary streams. The Company then considers the appropriate application of the quantitative assessment given forecasted content use, expected content investment and market trends. Content use and future revenues may differ from estimates based on changes in expectations related to market acceptance, network affiliate fee rates, advertising demand, the number of cable and satellite television subscribers receiving the Company’s networks, the number of subscribers to its digital services, and program usage. Accordingly, the Company continually reviews its estimates and planned usage and revises its assumptions if necessary. Any material adjustments from the Company’s review of the amortization rates are applied prospectively in the period of the change for assets in film groups, which represent the largest proportion of the Company's content assets. 
The result of the content amortization analysis is either an accelerated method or a straight-line amortization method over the estimated useful lives of generally two to five years . Amortization of capitalized costs for produced and coproduced content begins when a program has been aired. Amortization of capitalized costs for licensed content generally commences when the license period begins and the program is available for use. The Company allocates the cost of multi-year sports programming arrangements over the contract period of each event or season based on the estimated relative value of each event or season. Amortization of sports rights takes place when the content airs. 
Capitalized content costs are stated at the lower of cost less accumulated amortization or fair value. Content assets (produced, coproduced and licensed) are predominantly monetized as a group on the Company’s linear networks and digital content offerings. For content assets that are predominantly monetized within film groups, the Company evaluates the fair value of content in aggregate at the group level by considering expected future revenue generation typically by using a discounted cash flow ("DCF") analysis when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized costs. Estimates of future revenues consider historical airing patterns and future plans for airing content, including any changes in strategy. Given the significant estimates and judgments involved, actual demand or market conditions may be less favorable than those projected, requiring a write-down to fair value. Programming and development costs for programs that the Company has determined will not be produced, are fully expensed in the period the determination is made. The Company’s film groups are generally aligned along the Company’s networks and digital content offerings except for certain international territories wherein content assets are shared across the various networks in the territory and therefore, the territory is the film group. The Company’s rights to the Olympic Games are predominantly monetized on their own as the sublicensing of the rights in certain territories is a significant component of the monetization strategy. Beginning in 2020, all content rights and prepaid license fees are classified as a noncurrent asset, with the exception of content acquired with an initial license period of 12 months or less and prepaid sports rights expected to air within 12 months. (See "Accounting and Reporting Pronouncements Adopted" below and Note 6.)
