MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenues increased $39 million ( 0.4% ), due to favorable volume/mix (1.4 pp), favorable currency (1.0 pp), and the impact of an acquisition (0.6 pp), partially offset by the impact of divestitures (2.5 pp) and lower net pricing (0.1 pp). Favorable volume/mix was driven by chocolate and biscuits, partially offset by declines in gum, cheese & grocery, candy and refreshment beverages. In addition, a portion of the shipments delayed at the end of the second quarter due to the malware incident was not recovered. Favorable currency impacts reflected the strength of several other currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro and Russian ruble, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar against several currencies in the region, including the British pound sterling and Turkish lira. The November 2016 acquisition of a business and license to manufacture, market and sell Cadbury-branded biscuits added net revenues of $59 million (constant currency basis). The impact of divestitures, primarily due to the sale of a confectionery business in France, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $234 million for 2017. Lower net pricing was driven by biscuits, mostly offset by higher net pricing in all other categories. 
Segment operating income increased $412 million ( 34.4% ), primarily due to lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses, lower divestiture-related costs, lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, the benefit from the settlement of a Cadbury tax matter, favorable volume/mix, lower intangible asset impairment charges, favorable currency and the impact of an acquisition. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, the impact of divestitures, incremental costs incurred due to the malware incident, lower net pricing and a prior-year gain on the sale of an intangible asset. 
Net revenues increased $88 million ( 1.3% ), due to higher net pricing (1.1 pp) and the impact of an acquisition (0.8 pp), partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix (0.5 pp) and unfavorable currency (0.1 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected in biscuits and gum, partially offset by lower net pricing in chocolate and candy. The June 7, 2018 acquisition of a U.S. premium biscuit company, Tate’s Bake Shop, added net revenues of $52 million in 2018. Unfavorable volume/mix, which was net of the benefit from lapping last year's negative impact from the 2017 malware incident, reflected declines in gum and chocolate, partially offset by gains in biscuits and candy. Unfavorable currency impact was due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We have crude oil gathering and transportation pipelines located in Oklahoma, New Mexico and Texas. The results of operations from our crude oil pipelines are primarily dependent upon the volume of crude oil transported (or capacity reserved) and the associated fees we charge for such transportation services. Transportation fees charged to shippers are based on either tariffs regulated by governmental agencies, including the FERC, or contractual arrangements. See “Regulatory Matters” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 for information regarding governmental oversight of our liquids pipelines.
The maximum number of barrels per day that our crude oil pipelines can transport depends on the operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each delivery point and the grades of crude oil being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our crude oil pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 2,166 MBPD, 2,304 MBPD and 2,000 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
We operate our crude oil pipelines with the exception of the Basin Pipeline, Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System and Midland-to-ECHO 3. The following information describes our principal crude oil pipelines:

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Under our commercial paper program and subject to market conditions, DCL may issue unsecured commercial paper notes guaranteed by the Company from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time of $1 billion . The maturities of these notes vary but may not exceed 397 days . The notes may be issued at a discount or at par, and interest rates vary based on market conditions and the credit rating assigned to the notes at the time of issuance. As of December 31, 2018 , we did not have outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Borrowings under the commercial paper program would reduce the borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility arrangement referenced above. 
 On April 30, 2018 , the Company sold an 88%  controlling equity stake in its Education Business to   Francisco Partners for cash of $113 million  and recorded a gain of $84 million  upon disposition. Discovery retained a 12%  ownership interest in the Education Business, which is accounted for as an equity method investment. (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
 The Company enters into multi-year lease arrangements for transponders, office space, studio facilities and other equipment. Most leases are not cancelable prior to their expiration. On January 9, 2018 , the Company announced plans to relocate its global headquarters from Silver Spring, Maryland ("the Silver Spring property") to New York City in 2019 . During the third quarter, the Company entered into a sale-lease back transaction for the Silver Spring property. The lease is classified as an operating lease. As a result of the sale, the Company received net proceeds of $68 million  and recognized an impairment loss of $12 million  for the year ended December 31, 2018  which is reflected in depreciation and amortization on the consolidated statements of operations.
