ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Risk and Return Committee (“RRC”) of the Allstate Board oversees effectiveness of the ERRM program, governance structure and risk-related decision-making, while focusing on the Company’s overall risk profile. 
The Audit Committee oversees the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures as well as management’s risk control framework and cybersecurity program. 
Other key committees work with the ERRC to direct ERRM activities, including the Operating Committee, the Operational Risk Council, the Information Security Council, the Corporate Asset Liability Committee, liability governance committees, and investment committees.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. The increase in revenues outside of the Americas was the result of the increasing acceptance of our services, our focus on marketing our services internationally and investment in additional international resources. Revenues in the Americas and Europe also benefited from our acquisition of Tableau in August 2019. F oreign currency fluctuations, primarily the strengthening British Pound Sterling, had a negative impact on revenues outside of the Americas of approximately $91 million in fiscal 2020 compared to a positive impact of approximately $39 million in fiscal 2019. 
For fiscal 2020, the increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase of $245 million in employee-related costs, an increase of $43 million in stock-based expenses, an increase of $213 million in service delivery costs, primarily due to our efforts to increase data center capacity and an increase of amortization of purchased intangible assets of $225 million. Service delivery costs associated with perpetual and term software licenses is lower than our service delivery costs for our cloud service offerings and as a result, our subscription and support gross margin in fiscal 2020 benefited, in part, due to this shift in our business mix. 
We have increased our headcount by 30 percent since fiscal 2019 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, and our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. The timing of these expenses will affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in future periods.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We enter into derivative transactions primarily to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps, forward starting interest rate swaps, treasury rate locks, interest rate caps, swaptions and foreign exchange forwards. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes. 
 (dollars in millions) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest Rate Swaps: Notional value entered into $ 7,155   $ 6,050   Notional value settled 863   4,018   Pre-tax gain recognized in Interest expense 2   2   Cross Currency Swaps: Notional value entered into 2,474   6,214   Notional value settled —   —   Pre-tax loss recognized in Other comprehensive loss (1) 
( 430 ) ( 2,285 ) Pre-tax loss on cross currency swaps recognized in Interest expense ( 1,373 ) N/A Pre-tax gain on hedged debt recognized in Interest expense 1,373   N/A Excluded components recognized in Other comprehensive loss
