SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2022, we had 73,541 employees, of which approximately 55 percent were located in the United States and 45 percent were located internationally and approximately 36 percent identified as women, 64 percent identified as men and less than 1 percent identified as non-binary. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. 
Our ability to attract and retain the best talent is even more important as our employees adapt to a new normal with how and where we work. Maintaining a strong company culture, in a remote environment, and at a time of rapid growth in our workforce remains a priority throughout our human capital management programs. We have relied on our Success From Anywhere approach to help us effectively manage our workforce during this time and have continued to invest in equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives, development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 
Success from Anywhere provides employees three new ways of working: Office-Flexible, Home-Based, and Office-Based. We leverage Flex Team Agreements to empower teams to decide how, when, and where they work, including how many days a week they come into the office and what kind of work they will continue to do at home. Flex Team Agreements help us think through and provide clarity on what’s most important in how and where we show up, work, stay connected, and nurture our culture. As we return to the office, health and safety remain a top priority and we have leveraged our own tools, such as work.com and Dreampass, to allow our employees to come together safely.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $179 million in transportation margin primarily due to a $128 million increase from higher throughput volumes on our Mariner East pipeline system, a $53 million increase from higher throughput volumes received from the Permian region, a $17 million increase due to the initiation of service on our JC Nolan diesel fuel pipeline in the third quarter of 2019, a $14 million increase from higher throughput volumes from the Barnett region, a $12 million increase from higher volumes from the South Texas region and a $3 million increase due to higher throughput on our Mariner West pipeline. These increases were partially offset by a $17 million decrease from lower throughput volumes received from the Eagle Ford region, a $16 million decrease due to less demand for jet fuel and other refined products, and a $13 million decrease resulting from the closure of a third-party refinery during the third quarter of 2019; 
• an increase of $62 million in fractionators and refinery services margin primarily due to a $57 million increase resulting from the commissioning of our sixth and seventh fractionators in February 2019 and February 2020, respectively, and higher NGL volumes from the Permian and Barnett regions feeding our Mont Belvieu fractionation facility, and a $9 million increase in rail and truck volumes feeding our refinery services facility. These increases were partially offset by a $7 million decrease due primarily to an expiration of a third-party blending contract during the second quarter of 2020; 
• an increase of $27 million in storage margin primarily due to a $16 million increase from throughput fees generated from exported volumes and an $11 million increase from component product storage fees; and

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Management analyzes the adequacy of ending rebate accrual balances each quarter. In the domestic nutritional business, management uses both internal and external data available to estimate the accruals. In the WIC business, estimates are required for the amount of WIC sales within each state where Abbott holds the WIC contract. The state where the sale is made, which is the determining factor for the applicable rebated price, is reliably determinable. Rebated prices are based on contractually obligated agreements generally lasting a period of two to four years. Except for a change in contract price or a transition period before or after a change in the supplier for the WIC business in a state, accruals are based on historical redemption rates and data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the states submitting rebate claims. The USDA, which administers the WIC program, has been making its data available for many years. Management also estimates the states' processing lag time based on sales and claims data. Inventory in the retail distribution channel does not vary substantially. Management has access to several large customers' inventory management data, which allows management to make reliable estimates of inventory in the retail distribution channel. At December 31, 2018, Abbott had WIC business in 27 states. 
Historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income. Abbott employs various techniques to verify the accuracy of claims submitted to it, and where possible, works with the organizations submitting claims to gain insight into changes that might affect the rebate amounts. For government agency programs, the calculation of a rebate involves interpretations of relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change in interpretation. 
Income Taxes — Abbott operates in numerous countries where its income tax returns are subject to audits and adjustments. Because Abbott operates globally, the nature of the audit items is often very complex, and the objectives of the government auditors can result in a tax on the same income in more than one country. Abbott employs internal and external tax professionals to minimize audit adjustment amounts where possible. In accordance with the accounting rules relating to the measurement of tax contingencies, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must be more likely than not of sustaining the position, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. Application of these rules requires a significant amount of judgment. In the U.S., Abbott's federal income tax returns through 2016 are settled except for the federal income tax returns of the former Alere consolidated group which are settled through 2014 and the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group which are settled through 2013. Undistributed foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable.
