VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We performed quantitative impairment assessments for both our Consumer and Business reporting units in 2021. We applied a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method, as a form of the income approach, which indicated that the fair values for our Consumer and Business reporting units exceeded their carrying values and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. 
(1) Other intangible assets are net of assets disposed as a result of the closing of the Verizon Media sale on September 1, 2021 and includes assets acquired as a result of the acquisition of TracFone on November 23, 2021. See Note 3 for additional information. 
We enter into various lease arrangements for network equipment including towers, distributed antenna systems, small cells, real estate and connectivity mediums including dark fiber, equipment, and other various types of assets for use in our operations. Our leases have remaining lease terms ranging from 1 year to 30 years, some of which include options that we can elect to extend the leases term for up to 25 years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases. For the majority of leases entered into during the current period, we have concluded it is not reasonably certain that we would exercise the options to extend the lease or not terminate the lease. Therefore, as of the lease commencement date, our lease terms generally do not include these options. We include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Facilities such as FL Citizens and LA Citizens are generally designed so that the ultimate cost is borne by policyholders; however, the exposure to assessments from these facilities and the availability of recoupments or premium rate increases may not offset each other in the Company’s financial statements. Moreover, even if they do offset each other, they may not offset each other in financial statements for the same fiscal period due to the ultimate timing of the assessments and recoupments or premium rate increases, as well as the possibility of policies not being renewed in subsequent years. 
California Earthquake Authority Exposure to certain potential losses from earthquakes in California is limited by the Company’s participation in the California Earthquake Authority (“CEA”), which provides insurance for California earthquake losses. The CEA is a privately-financed, publicly-managed state agency created to provide insurance coverage for earthquake damage. Insurers selling homeowners insurance in California are required to offer earthquake insurance to their customers either through their company or by participation in the CEA. The Company’s homeowners policies continue to include coverages for losses caused by explosions, theft, glass breakage and fires following an earthquake, which are not underwritten by the CEA. 
additional $ 721 million would be obtained from the proceeds of revenue bonds the CEA may issue, an existing $ 8.26 billion reinsurance layer, $ 1.0 billion from policyholders surcharge, and finally, if needed, assessments on participating insurance companies. Participating insurers are required to pay an assessment, currently estimated not to exceed $ 1.66 billion , if the capital of the CEA falls below $ 350 million . Within the limits previously described, the assessment could be intended to restore the CEA’s capital to a level of $ 350 million . There is no provision that allows insurers to recover assessments through a premium surcharge or other mechanism. The CEA’s projected aggregate claim paying capacity is $ 17.65 billion as of October 31, 2019 and if an event were to result in claims greater than its capacity, affected policyholders may be paid a prorated portion of their covered losses, paid on an installment basis, or no payments may be made if the claim paying capacity of the CEA is insufficient.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and, in fiscal 2021, our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.
