BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our Food and Ingredients businesses consist of two reportable business segments: Edible Oil Products and Milling Products. The Edible Oil Products segment includes businesses that sell vegetable oils and fats, including cooking oils, shortenings, margarines, mayonnaise and specialty ingredients. The Milling Products segment includes businesses that sell wheat flours, bakery mixes, corn-based products and rice. The operations and assets of our Edible Oil Products segment are primarily located in North and South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific and the operations and assets of our Milling Products segment are located in North and South America. 
Our Fertilizer segment is involved in producing, blending and distributing fertilizer products for the agricultural industry in South America, with operations and retail distribution activities in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay, and port facilities in Argentina and Brazil. 
2018 Summary Operating Highlights  - In our Agribusiness segment in 2018, we continued our focus on improving the efficiency and operations of our global network of integrated assets with a combination of productivity and maintenance investments, including substantially completing the upgrade of an existing oilseed processing plant in Italy. In our Food and Ingredients businesses, we completed the acquisition of a 70% ownership interest in IOI Loders Croklaan, creating a leading solutions provider in business to business (“B2B”) oils and accelerating the growth of our value-added oils business, and the acquisition of two corn mills in the United States, which enabled Bunge to expand its value-added product offering in North America. In the Sugar and Bioenergy segment, we exited from our renewable oils joint venture in Brazil and exited our international sugar trading operations. Additionally, we made continued progress on our Global Competitiveness Program that was launched in 2017 to improve our cost position and deliver increased value to shareholders.

BOEING CO report:
Multiple legal actions have been filed against us as a result of the accidents. In addition, we are fully cooperating with U.S. government investigations related to the accidents and the 737 MAX program, including an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the outcome of which may be material. On January 6, 2021, we entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice that resolves the Department of Justice’s previously disclosed investigation into us regarding the evaluation of the 737 MAX airplane by the FAA. Other than with respect to the U.S. Department of Justice, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, not covered by available insurance that may result given the current status of the lawsuits, investigations and inquiries related to the 737 MAX. 
In the preparation of our financial statements, we have made assumptions regarding outcomes of accident investigations and other government inquiries, timing and conditions of return to service, the timing of future 737 production rate increases, supplier readiness to support production rate changes, timing and sequence of future customer deliveries as well as outcomes of negotiations with customers impacted by the grounding. We have also made significant assumptions regarding estimated costs expected to be incurred in 2021 that should be included in program inventory and those costs that should be expensed when incurred as abnormal production costs. While these assumptions reflect our best estimate at this time, they are highly uncertain and significantly affect the estimates inherent in our financial statements. 
In December 2020, we delivered 27 aircraft, in compliance with the FAA regulatory requirements. We have assumed that the remaining non-U.S. regulatory approvals will occur and enable deliveries during the first half of 2021. We have approximately 425 airplanes in inventory as of December 31, 2020. A number of customers have requested to defer deliveries or to cancel orders for 737 MAX aircraft, and we are remarketing and/or delaying deliveries of certain aircraft included within inventory. We now expect to deliver about half of the 737 MAX aircraft in inventory by the end of 2021. In the event that we are unable to resume aircraft deliveries in non-U.S. jurisdictions consistent with our assumptions of regulatory approval timing, our expectation of delivery timing could be impacted.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our ongoing assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features. 
As of January 31, 2023, our strategic investment portfolio consisted of investments in over 400 companies with a combined carrying value of $4.7 billion, including two privately held investments with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of the total strategic investments portfolio and represented sixteen percent of the portfolio in aggregate. 
The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment portfolio as of January 31, 2023 and excludes exited investments (in millions):  Investment Type Capital Invested Unrealized Gains (Cumulative) Unrealized Losses (Cumulative) Carrying Value as of January 31, 2023
