ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Other operating costs and expenses for 2020 decreased $220.5 million year-to-year primarily due to lower maintenance, chemicals and power-related expenses, which accounted for a $282.2 million decrease, partially offset by higher ad valorem taxes and employee compensation costs, which accounted for a $50.2 million increase. Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense increased $113.2 million year-to-year primarily due to assets placed into full or limited service since the first quarter of 2019 (e.g., the iBDH plant, Mentone and Orla gas processing facilities, Fracs X and XI and the Enterprise Navigator ethylene terminal).
Non-cash asset impairment charges increased $757.9 million year-to-year primarily due to the recognition in 2020 of the full impairment of goodwill associated with our Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment, which accounted for $296.3 million of expense, the partial impairment of our marine transportation business, which accounted for $256.7 million of expense, and the partial impairment of natural gas gathering and processing assets in South Texas, which accounted for an additional $125.7 million of expense. For information regarding these charges, see Notes 2, 4 and 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2020 decreased $1.04 billion when compared to the year ended December 31, 2019 due to the previously described year-to-year changes in revenues, operating costs and expenses, general and administrative costs and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution of our tax related balances or valuation allowances may result in a payment that is materially different from the current estimate of the tax liabilities. To the extent we prevail in matters for which unrecognized tax benefit liabilities have been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our recorded unrecognized tax benefit liabilities, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. 
Derivatives We enter into financial derivative contracts to mitigate our risk of fuel market price fluctuations in aviation, land and marine fuel as well as changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates and also to offer our customers fuel pricing alternatives to meet their needs. These instruments may be designated as cash flow or fair value hedges, or accounted for as non-designated derivatives. All derivative instruments are measured and recorded at fair value. When available, quoted market prices or prices obtained through external sources are used to determine a contract's fair value. For contracts for which quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on pricing models developed primarily from historical information and the expected relationship with quoted market prices. Measurement of the fair value of our derivatives also requires the assessment of certain risks related to non-performance, which requires a significant amount of judgment. While we currently believe that our derivative contracts will be effective in mitigating the associated price risks, it is possible that our derivative instruments will be ineffective at mitigating material changes in prices, which could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. If our estimates of fair value are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. See Item 7A. – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks for additional information. 
We use commodity-based derivative contracts and financial instruments, when we deem it appropriate, to manage the risks associated with changes in the prices of fuel and fuel-related products, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, or to capture market opportunities. We utilize hedge accounting and formally designate certain of our derivative instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. Derivative instruments that are not designated are considered non-designated hedges and are designed to achieve an economic offset of the underlying price risk exposure. Financial instruments and positions affecting our financial statements are described below and are held primarily for hedging purposes. As a result, any changes in income associated with our derivatives contracts are substantially offset by corresponding changes in the value of the underlying risk being mitigated.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) Amounts recorded for unsettled and settled NIH derivative contracts are recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment within other comprehensive earnings. The cash flows from the settled contracts are reported within other investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
After-tax gains/(losses) related to hedges of net investments in international operations in the form of euro, British pound sterling, Swiss franc and Canadian dollar-denominated debt were recorded within the cumulative translation adjustment section of other comprehensive income and were: 
   U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans   2020 2019 2020 2019   (in millions) Projected benefit obligation at January 1 $ 1,748   $ 1,511   $ 10,458   $ 9,578   Service cost 6   38   121   122   Interest cost 49   60   149   202   Benefits paid ( 35 ) ( 40 ) ( 473 ) ( 424 ) Settlements paid ( 95 ) ( 73 ) —   ( 1 ) Actuarial (gains)/losses 213   251   679   761   Currency —   —   572   207   Other (1)
