ALLSTATE CORP report:
Investment income primarily consists of interest, dividends, income from limited partnership interests, rental income from real estate, and income from certain derivative transactions. Interest is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective yield method and dividends are recorded at the ex-dividend date. Interest income for ABS, RMBS and CMBS is determined considering estimated pay-downs, including prepayments, obtained from third party data sources and internal estimates. Actual prepayment experience is periodically reviewed and effective yields are recalculated when differences arise between the prepayments originally anticipated and the actual prepayments received and currently anticipated. For ABS, RMBS and CMBS of high credit quality with fixed interest rates, the effective yield is recalculated on a retrospective basis. For all others, the effective yield is recalculated on a prospective basis. Accrual of income is suspended for other-than-temporarily impaired fixed income securities when the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be received is not reasonably estimable. Accrual of income is suspended for mortgage loans, bank loans and agent loans that are in default or when full and timely collection of principal and interest payments is not probable. Cash receipts on investments on nonaccrual status are generally recorded as a reduction of carrying value. Income from limited partnership interests carried at fair value is recognized based upon the changes in fair value of the investee’s equity primarily determined using NAV. 
Income from EMA limited partnership interests is recognized based on the Company’s share of the partnerships’ earnings. Income from EMA limited partnership interests is generally recognized on a three  month delay due to the availability of the related financial statements from investees. 
Realized capital gains and losses include gains and losses on investment sales, write-downs in value due to other-than-temporary declines in fair value, adjustments to valuation allowances on mortgage loans and agent loans, valuation changes of equity investments, including equity securities and certain limited partnerships where the underlying assets are predominately public equity securities, and periodic changes in fair value and settlements of certain derivatives including hedge ineffectiveness. Realized capital gains and losses on investment sales are determined on a specific identification basis.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The Act generally preempts regulation by state and local governments of the entry of, or the rates charged by, wireless carriers. The Act does not prohibit states from regulating the other "terms and conditions" of wireless service. For example, some states impose reporting requirements. Several states also have laws or regulations that address safety issues (e.g., use of wireless handsets while driving) and taxation matters. In addition, wireless tower and antenna facilities are often subject to state and local zoning and land use regulation, and securing approvals for new or modified facilities is often a lengthy and expensive process. 
Verizon offers many different broadband services. The FCC recognizes broadband internet access services as "information services" subject to a "light touch" regulatory approach rather than to the traditional, utilities-style regulations. However, a number of states have taken steps to regulate broadband and two of those cases related to regulations in California and Vermont are being litigated in the courts. Regardless of regulation, Verizon remains committed to the open internet, which provides consumers with competitive choices and unblocked access to lawful websites and content. Our commitment to our customers can be found on our website at https://www.verizon.com/about/our-company/verizon-broadband-commitment. 
Verizon offers many different wireline voice services, including traditional telephone service and other services that rely on technologies such as VoIP. For regulatory purposes, legacy telephone services are generally considered to be "common carrier" services. Common carrier services are subject to heightened regulatory oversight with respect to rates, terms and conditions and other aspects of the services. The FCC has not decided the regulatory classification of VoIP but has said VoIP service providers must comply with certain rules, such as 911 capabilities and law enforcement assistance requirements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In April 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of CloudCraze LLC ("CloudCraze"), for consideration consisting of cash and equity awards assumed. CloudCraze is a commerce platform that allows businesses to generate online revenue and scale for growth. CloudCraze delivers interactions across commerce, sales, marketing and service. The Company has included the financial results of CloudCraze in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition, which have not been material to date. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for CloudCraze was approximately $ 190 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 58 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one to seven years. The Company recorded approximately $ 134 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating CloudCraze's technology with the Company's other offerings. The goodwill balance is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
During fiscal 2018, the Company acquired two companies for an aggregate of $ 38 million in cash and equity, net of cash acquired, and has included the financial results of these companies in its consolidated financial statements from the dates of acquisition. The transactions were not material to the Company and the costs associated with the acquisitions were not material. The Company accounted for the transactions as business combinations. In allocating the purchase consideration based on estimated fair values, the Company recorded $ 3 million of intangible assets and $ 35 million of goodwill. The majority of the goodwill balance associated with these business combinations is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
