COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company leases land and/or buildings at warehouses and certain other office and distribution facilities, primarily under operating leases. Operating leases expire at various dates through 2068 , with the exception of one lease in the U.K., which expires in 2151 . These leases generally contain one or more of the following options, which the Company can exercise at the end of the initial lease term: (a) renewal for a defined number of years at the then-fair market rental rate or rate stipulated in the lease agreement; (b) purchase of the property at the then-fair market value; or (c) right of first refusal in the event of a third-party purchase offer. 
The Company accounts for its lease expense with free rent periods and step-rent provisions on a straight-line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company more likely than not expects to exercise, from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for periodic rental increases based on price indices, or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales volume. 
The Company has capital leases for certain warehouse locations, expiring at various dates through 2059 . Capital lease assets are included in land and buildings and improvements in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense on capital lease assets is recorded as depreciation expense and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Capital lease liabilities are recorded at the lesser of the estimated fair market value of the leased property or the net present value of the aggregate future minimum lease payments and are included in other current liabilities and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Interest on these obligations is included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of income.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In general, each remediation site/issue is evaluated individually based upon information available for the site/issue and no pooling or statistical analysis is used to evaluate an aggregate risk for a group of similar items (e.g., service station sites) in determining the amount of probable loss accrual to be recorded. ETO’s estimates of environmental remediation costs also frequently involve evaluation of a range of estimates. In many cases, it is difficult to determine that one point in the range of loss estimates is more likely than any other. In these situations, existing accounting guidance requires that the minimum of the range be accrued. Accordingly, the low end of the range often represents the amount of loss which has been recorded. The Partnership’s consolidated balance sheet reflected $320 million in environmental accruals as of December 31, 2019 . 
Total future costs for environmental remediation activities will depend upon, among other things, the identification of any additional sites, the determination of the extent of the contamination at each site, the timing and nature of required remedial actions, the nature of operations at each site, the technology available and needed to meet the various existing legal requirements, the nature and terms of cost-sharing arrangements with other potentially responsible parties, the availability of insurance coverage, the nature and extent of future environmental laws and regulations, inflation rates, terms of consent agreements or remediation permits with regulatory agencies and the determination of the Partnership’s liability at the sites, if any, in light of the number, participation level and financial viability of the other parties. The recognition of additional losses, if and when they were to occur, would likely extend over many years. Management believes that the Partnership’s exposure to adverse developments with respect to any individual site is not expected to be material. However, if changes in environmental laws or regulations occur or the assumptions used to estimate losses at multiple sites are adjusted, such changes could impact multiple facilities, formerly owned facilities and third-party sites at the same time. As a result, from time to time, significant charges against income for environmental remediation may occur; however, management does not believe that any such charges would have a material adverse impact on the Partnership’s consolidated financial position. 
Deferred Income Taxes. ET recognizes benefits in earnings and related deferred tax assets for net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) and tax credit carryforwards. If necessary, a charge to earnings and a related valuation allowance are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized by the Partnership in the future. Deferred income tax assets attributable to state and federal NOLs and federal tax alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards totaling $936 million have been included in ET’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2019 . The state NOL carryforward benefits of $149 million ( $118 million net of federal benefit) begin to expire in 2020 with a substantial portion expiring between 2033 and 2039 . ET’s corporate subsidiaries have federal NOLs of $3.42 billion ( $718 million in benefits) of which $1.3 billion will expire between 2031 and 2037. Any federal NOL generated in 2018 and future years can be carried forward indefinitely. Federal alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of $15 million remained at December 31, 2019 . We have determined that a valuation allowance totaling $62 million ( $49 million net of federal income tax effects) is required for state NOLs as of December 31, 2019 primarily due to significant restrictions on their use in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. A separate valuation allowance of $46 million

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
At December 31, 2022, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $22.8 billion. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. The results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value. 
Net cash from operating activities amounted to $9.6 billion, $10.5 billion, and $7.9 billion in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The decrease in Net cash from operating activities in 2022 was primarily due to the unfavorable cash flow impact of an increased investment in working capital partially offset by reduced expenditures related to restructuring actions and lower cash payments for income taxes. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2021 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings and improved working capital management partially offset by higher cash taxes paid and the net impact of litigation settlements. 
A substantial portion of Abbott’s cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022, is held by Abbott affiliates outside of the U.S. If these funds were needed for operations in the U.S., Abbott does not expect to incur significant additional income taxes in the future to repatriate these funds.
