COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year. 
The Company is principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses through wholly owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Japan, the U.K., Korea, Australia, Taiwan, China, Spain, France, Iceland, New Zealand, and Sweden. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1 . Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income.Members of the Board of Directors, six corporate officers and the Company were defendants in a shareholder derivative action filed in June 2022 related to chicken welfare and alleged breaches of fiduciary duties. Smith, et ano. v. Vachris, et al., Superior Court of the State of Washington, County of King, No, 22-2-08937-7SEA. The complaint sought from the individual defendants' damages, injunctive relief, costs, and attorneys' fees. On March 28, 2023, the court granted the defendants' motion to dismiss the action. The plaintiffs subsequently made a demand that the Board of Directors take various actions, including among other things, pursuing claims against directors and officers of the type asserted in the litigation. A demand review committee of the Board has been appointed to make a recommendation to the Board as to the demand. 
In February 2023, Go Green Norcal, LLC filed an arbitration demand against the Company. The demand alleged a breach of a supply agreement and sought unspecified damages and cancellation of a loan from the Company. In March 2023, the Company filed its answer, denying any breach by the Company, along with counterclaims against Go Green and an affiliate for breach of contract, negligent misrepresentation, and an accounting. In August 2023 the plaintiff asserted that its damages exceed $ 70 million. 
In January 2023 the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand from the U.S. Attorney's Office, Western District of Washington, requesting documents. The government is conducting a False Claims Act investigation concerning whether the Company presented or caused to be presented to the federal government for payment false claims relating to prescription medications.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
As described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, acquired in-process research & development (“IPR&D”) intangible assets were approximately $1.3 billion at December 31, 2019. IPR&D intangible assets are assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators suggest the fair value of the IPR&D intangible asset may be below its carrying value. Auditing the fair value estimate of IPR&D intangible assets is complex because the estimate involves making assumptions about the timing and amount of forecasted future net cash flows of the related IPR&D projects, as well as the risk associated with the forecasted future net cash flows. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s IPR&D intangible asset impairment assessment, as well as its process for identification of events that indicate an IPR&D intangible asset may be impaired. This included controls over management's review of the valuation model and the significant assumptions (e.g., discount rate, projected research and development (“R&D”) costs, probability of technical success, projected revenues and product profitability) used to develop the prospective financial information (PFI). 
To test the fair value of the Company’s IPR&D intangible assets, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company's use of the income approach, testing the significant assumptions described above used to develop the prospective financial information and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. For example, we compared certain significant assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, historical results of the Company's business and other guideline companies within the same industry and to other relevant factors. We performed a sensitivity analysis of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value of the IPR&D assets resulting from changes in the assumptions. We also involved our valuation specialists to assist in testing certain significant assumptions in the fair value estimate. In addition, to evaluate the probability of technical success, we considered the phase of development of the IPR&D project and the Company's history of obtaining regulatory approvals.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In December 2020, our ethylene export terminal located at our Morgan’s Point facility on the Houston Ship Channel entered full service with the commissioning of a refrigerated storage tank capable of handling 66 million pounds of ethylene. The ethylene export terminal, which had been in limited service since December 2019, features two docks and a nameplate capacity to load 1 million tons of ethylene per year. Ethylene is the primary feedstock for a wide variety of consumer products, including cell phones and computer parts, food packaging, apparel, textiles and personal protective equipment. We own a 50% member interest in Enterprise Navigator Ethylene Terminal LLC, which owns the export facility.
Our ethylene system serves as an open market storage and trading hub for the ethylene industry by incorporating storage capacity, connections to multiple ethylene pipelines, and high-volume export capabilities. In support of our ethylene business, our Mont Belvieu storage operations include a high-capacity underground ethylene storage well having a storage capacity of 600 million pounds of ethylene. The storage well is connected to our Morgan’s Point ethylene export terminal and further to Bayport, Texas by a 27-mile pipeline.
In December 2020, we became the first midstream company member of The Alliance to End Plastic Waste (the “Alliance”), which represents an international community of chief executive officers from across the plastic industry that are committed to addressing the global plastic waste challenge. Formed in 2019, the Alliance partners with a diverse and growing network of organizations, technical leaders, engineers and scientists, all dedicated to the goal of ending plastic waste. To achieve this goal, the Alliance focuses on four strategic areas – infrastructure, innovation, education and clean up – to unlock innovative solutions that will bring the world closer to the Alliance’s ambition of diverting millions of tons of plastic waste in more than 100 at-risk cities across the globe by 2025.
