ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We believe that these coming additions to petroleum production and consumption levels, along with favorable pricing trends, will create additional opportunities to provide midstream services to our customers while leveraging the strengths of our portfolio, which include:
Our Assets – Our people find innovative ways to optimize our large, integrated and diversified asset base to provide incremental services to customers and to respond to market opportunities. Additional production volumes could lead to higher demand for processing, transportation, fractionation and terminaling services. Storage services provide valuable flexibility for customers seeking to balance supply and demand while also allowing us to capture valuable contango and other marketing opportunities should they arise. U.S. energy and feedstock advantages position our assets well to compete globally for incremental production and processing volumes. To the extent a rising operating cost environment impacts our results, there are typically offsetting benefits either inherent in our business or that result from other steps we take proactively to reduce the impact of inflation on our operating results. These steps include revenue rate escalations based on inflation factors, fuel and electricity surcharges and additional volumetric throughputs often achieved during periods of higher prices.
Our Customers – We have contracted with a large number of quality customers in order to achieve revenue diversification. In 2022, our top 200 largest customers represented 95.3% of consolidated revenues. Based on their respective year-end 2022 debt ratings, 89.6% of revenues from our top 200 customers were either investment grade rated or backed by letters of credit. Additionally, less than 4% of our top 200 customer revenues were attributable to sub-investment grade or non-rated upstream producers.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Although the ultimate impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, additional legislation or regulations could impose significant additional costs on us, our suppliers, vendors and customers, or could adversely affect demand for our energy products. The potential increase in our operating costs could include additional costs to operate and maintain our facilities, such as installing new infrastructure or technology to respond to new mandates, or paying taxes related to our GHG emissions, among others. Furthermore, changes in regulatory policies or increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry, which could result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products that are deemed to contribute to GHGs, harm our reputation and adversely impact our sales of fuel products. See Item 1A. – Risk Factors. 
As a global organization with customers and operations around the world, we are subject to an often complicated, multi-jurisdictional matrix of laws and regulations that govern international trade, including laws relating to anti-corruption, anti-money-laundering, export controls, economic sanctions, anti-boycott rules, currency exchange controls and transfer pricing rules. These laws and regulations are administered by, among others, the U.S. Department of Justice, Department of State, SEC, Internal Revenue Service, U.S Department of Commerce and U.S. Department of the Treasury, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in foreign countries. As a result of the military conflict in Eastern Europe, the U.S., the E.U., the U.K. and other countries in which we operate have imposed sanctions on Russia and other individuals and entities with connections to the Russian state. These sanctions continue to evolve and have become significantly more stringent over time. Violations of these sanctions can result in significant penalties and civil and criminal liabilities. 
Due to the complex and technical nature of many of these laws and regulations, inadvertent violations may occur. If we fail to comply with these laws or regulations for any reason, we would be required to correct or implement measures to prevent a recurrence of any violations, which could increase our operating costs. See the section entitled Item 1A, "Risk Factors" for additional information regarding the impacts of government regulation on our business.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The risk-free interest rate represents the constant maturity U.S. government treasuries rate with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the options. The expected life is the period over which our employees are expected to hold their options. Volatility reflects historical movements in our stock price for a period commensurate with the expected life of the options. The dividend yield reflects the dividend yield in place at the time of the historical grants. 
Cash received from options exercised was $ 369 million in 2019 , $ 231 million in 2018 and $ 257 million in 2017 . The actual tax benefit realized and recorded in the provision for income taxes for the tax deductions from the option exercises totaled $ 40 million in 2019 , $ 21 million in 2018 and $ 31 million in 2017 . 
Historically we have made grants of deferred stock units, performance share units and restricted stock. Beginning in 2016, we only grant deferred stock units and performance share units and no longer grant restricted stock. Deferred stock units granted to eligible employees have most shareholder rights, except that they may not sell, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber the shares and our deferred stock units do not have voting rights until vested. Shares of deferred stock units are subject to forfeiture if certain employment conditions are not met. Deferred stock units generally vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. Performance share units granted under our 2005 Plan vest based on varying performance, market and service conditions. The unvested performance share units have no voting rights and do not pay dividends. Dividend equivalents accumulated over the vesting period are paid only after the performance share units vest.
