WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company records all unsettled derivative contracts at their gross fair values on the consolidated balance sheets. (See Note 5.) The portion of the fair value that represents cash flows occurring within one year are classified as current, and the portion related to cash flows occurring beyond one year are classified as noncurrent. The cash flows from the designated derivative instruments used as hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the same section as the cash flows of the hedged item. 
The cash flows from the effective portion of derivative instruments used as hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the same section as the cash flows from the hedged item. For example, the cash paid or received to settle the effective portion of foreign exchange derivatives intended to hedge distribution revenue earned during the year ended December 31, 2018  is reported as an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows consistent with the classification of cash received from customers. Also, the cash flows related to our interest rate contracts used to hedge the pricing for certain senior notes are reported as a financing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows consistent with the cash proceeds from our debt offerings. The cash flows from the ineffective portion of derivative instruments used as hedges, periodic settlement of interest on cross-currency swaps, and derivative contracts not designated as hedges are reported as investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
When stock is acquired for purposes other than formal or constructive retirement, the purchase price of the acquired stock is recorded in a separate treasury stock account, which is separately reported as a reduction of equity.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We operate our crude oil pipelines with the exception of the Basin Pipeline, Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System and Midland-to-ECHO 3 pipeline. The following information describes our principal crude oil pipelines:
 • The Midland- to-ECHO System supports Permian Basin crude oil production by providing producers and other shippers with transportation solutions that are both cost-efficient and operationally flexible. After aggregating crude at our Midland terminal, the system has the capability to transport multiple grades of crude oil, including West Texas Intermediate (“WTI”), WTI light sweet crude oil (“West Texas Light”), West Texas Sour, and condensate, to our Enterprise Crude Houston (“ECHO”) storage terminal (using batched shipments to safeguard crude quality) for further delivery to markets along the Gulf Coast. Using the ECHO terminal, shippers on the Midland-to-ECHO System have access to every refinery in Houston, Texas City, Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas, as well as our crude oil export terminal facilities. 
The Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 418 miles to our Sealy storage terminal. Volumes arriving at Sealy are then transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline, which is a component of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System. The Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline has an approximate maximum transportation capacity of up to 620 MBPD, depending on certain operational variables.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Long-term financial liabilities include the Company's long-term debt, which are recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price and adjusted for unamortized discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs, and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term debt is based primarily on reported market values, recently completed market transactions, and estimates based upon interest rates, maturities, and credit. 
Receivables consist primarily of vendor, reinsurance, credit card incentive, third-party pharmacy and other receivables. Vendor receivables include discounts and volume rebates. Balances are generally presented on a gross basis, separate from any related payable due. In certain circumstances, these receivables may be settled against the related payable to that vendor, in which case the receivables are presented on a net basis. Reinsurance receivables are held by the Company’s wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and primarily represent amounts ceded through reinsurance arrangements gross of the amounts assumed under reinsurance, which are presented within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Credit card incentive receivables primarily represent amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement in the U.S. Third-party pharmacy receivables generally relate to amounts due from members’ insurers. Other receivables primarily consist of amounts due from governmental entities, mostly tax-related items. 
Receivables are recorded net of an allowance for credit losses which considers creditworthiness of vendors and third parties, historical experience and current economic trends. Write-offs of receivables were immaterial in 2021, 2020, and 2019.
