SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth levers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs 
upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. As a result, we have seen that customers with many of these characteristics drive higher annual revenues and have lower attrition rates than our company average. 
In addition to our focus on top line growth levers, we are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our operating margin. For example, in January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan (the “Plan”) intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins, and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth. The Plan includes a reduction of our workforce by approximately 10 percent and select real estate exits and office space reductions within certain markets. We expect to see improvements in our operating expenses across all operating categories, with the most opportunity in sales and marketing expense and general and administrative expenses. We plan to continue to grow and innovate our business and service offerings and expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued and the assets securing this debt are included in our consolidated balance sheets. 
In December 2021, we entered into an ABS financing facility with a number of financial institutions (2021 ABS Financing Facility). Two loan agreements were entered into in connection with the 2021 ABS Financing Facility in December 2021. Under the terms of the 2021 ABS Financing Facility, the financial institutions make advances under asset-backed loans backed by device payment plan agreement receivables of both Consumer customers and Business customers. Two loan agreements are outstanding in connection with the 2021 ABS Financing Facility, one with a final maturity date in December 2025 and the other in December 2026, and each loan agreement bears interest at floating rates. There is a one or two year revolving period, as set forth in the applicable loan agreement, which may be extended with the approval of the financial institutions. Under the loan agreements, we have the right to prepay all or a portion of the advances at any time without penalty, but in certain cases, with breakage costs. Subject to certain conditions, we may also remove receivables from the ABS Entity. In December 2021, we borrowed $4.3 billion under the loan agreements. The aggregate outstanding balance under the 2021 ABS Financing Facility was $4.3 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
(1) The revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit .

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We do not allocate Property-Liability investment income, net gains and losses on investments and derivatives, or assets to the Allstate Protection and Run-off Property-Liability segments. Management reviews assets at the Property-Liability level for decision-making purposes. 
• Expense ratio: the ratio of amortization of DAC, operating costs and expenses, amortization or impairment of purchased intangibles, restructuring and related charges and Shelter-in-Place Payback expense, less other revenue to premiums earned. 
We have also calculated the following impacts of specific items on the GAAP operating ratios because of the volatility of these items between periods. The impacts are calculated by taking the specific items noted below divided by Property-Liability premiums earned:
