ALLSTATE CORP report:
In 2016 , DAC amortization deceleration for changes in the investment margin component of EGP related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to increased projected investment margins from a favorable asset portfolio mix. The acceleration related to benefit margin primarily related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to lower than expected persistency on non-guaranteed products. The expense margin deceleration related primarily to 
The following table displays the sensitivity of reasonably likely changes in assumptions included in the gross profit components of investment margin or benefit margin to amortization of the DAC balance as of December 31, 2018 . 
Any potential changes in assumptions discussed above are measured without consideration of correlation among assumptions. Therefore, it would be inappropriate to add them together in an attempt to estimate overall variability in amortization .

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve month basis as of the end of each month. As of January 31, 2020, our attrition rate, excluding Commerce Cloud, Integration Cloud, Salesforce.org and Tableau, was less than nine percent. Our attrition rate for fiscal 2020 benefited, in part, from the ongoing shift in our business mix to enterprise and international markets which have longer customer contract term durations. In general, we exclude service offerings from acquisitions from our attrition calculation until fully integrated into our customer success organization. While it is difficult to predict, we expect our attrition rate to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. 
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. The increase in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to the higher demand for services from an increased number of customers. 
Subscription and support revenues from Quip Collaboration Platform were not significant in fiscal 2020 and 2019. Our Industry Offerings revenue is included in either Sales Cloud, Service Cloud or Salesforce Platform and Other depending on the primary service offering purchased. Integration and Analytics revenues are included in Salesforce Platform and Other. The acquisition of Tableau in August 2019 contributed approximately $652 million to Salesforce Platform and Other.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
• Pricing. With respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an important role in the wireless competitive landscape. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. Many wireless service providers also bundle wireless service offerings with other content and offer promotional pricing and incentives, some of which may be targeted specifically to customers of Verizon. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements. In addition, aggressive device promotions have become more common in an effort to gain a greater share of subscribers interested in changing carriers. Pricing also plays an important role in the wireline competitive landscape, as traditional service providers compete aggressively in offerings such as IP Networking, Core Voice and other legacy products. In addition, as non-traditional modes of providing wireline communication services emerge, new entrants attempt to capture market share from incumbents using competitive pricing. For example, VoIP and portal-based voice and video calling is often free or nearly free for customers and supported by advertising revenues. 
• Customer service. We believe that high-quality customer service is a key factor in retaining customers and attracting new customers, including those of other providers. Our customer service, retention and satisfaction programs are based on providing customers with convenient and easy-to-use products and services and focusing on their needs in order to promote long-term relationships and minimize churn. 
Customer service is highly valued by our Business customers. We provide Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other customers with ready access to their system and performance information, and we conduct proactive testing of our networks to identify issues before they affect our customers. We service our Small and Medium Business customers through service representatives and online support, as well as through store-based representatives for small business customers. For Wholesale customers, we pursue service improvement through continued system automation initiatives.
