BOEING CO report:
BCA develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Revenue on commercial aircraft contracts is recognized at the point in time when an aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. 
BDS engages in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems, surveillance and engagement, strategic defense and intelligence systems, satellite systems and space exploration. BDS revenue is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred. 
BGS provides parts, maintenance, modifications, logistics support, training, data analytics and information-based services to commercial and government customers worldwide. BGS segment revenue and costs include certain products and services provided to other segments. Revenue on commercial spare parts contracts is recognized at the point in time when a spare part is delivered to the customer. Revenue on other contracts is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
• live events and original programming on Salesforce+, our streaming platform which launched in fiscal 2022, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the digital-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities;

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Credit spread risk  is the risk that we will incur a loss due to adverse changes in credit spreads (“spreads”). Credit spread is the additional yield on fixed income securities and loans above the risk-free rate (typically referenced as the yield on U.S. Treasury securities) that market participants require to compensate them for assuming credit, liquidity and/or prepayment risks. The magnitude of the spread will depend on the likelihood that a particular issuer will default. This risk arises from many of our primary activities, as we invest substantial funds in spread-sensitive fixed income assets. We manage the spread risk in our assets. One of the measures used to quantify this exposure is spread duration. Spread duration measures the price sensitivity of the assets to changes in spreads. For example, if spreads increase 100 basis points, the fair value of an asset exhibiting a 
Spread duration is calculated similarly to interest rate duration. As of December 31, 2018 , the spread duration was 4.28 , compared to 3.99  as of December 31, 2017 . Based upon the information and assumptions we use in this spread duration calculation, and market spreads as of December 31, 2018 , we estimate that a 100 basis point immediate, parallel increase in spreads across all asset classes, industry sectors and credit ratings (“spread shock”) would decrease the net fair value of the assets by $2.49 billion  compared to $2.46 billion  as of December 31, 2017 . Reflected in the spread duration calculation are the effects of tactical positions that include the use of credit default swaps to manage spread risk. The selection of a 100 basis point immediate parallel change in spreads should not be construed as our prediction of future market events, but only as an illustration of the potential effect of such an event. 
Equity price risk  is the risk that we will incur losses due to adverse changes in the general levels of the equity markets. As of December 31, 2018 , we held $4.78 billion  in common stocks and exchange traded and mutual funds and $7.76 billion  in other investments with equity risk (including primarily limited partnership interests and non-redeemable preferred securities), compared to $6.33 billion  and $7.03 billion , respectively, as of December 31, 2017 . 68.4%  of the common stocks and exchange traded and mutual funds and 57.2%  of the other securities with equity risk supported property and casualty products as of December 31, 2018 , compared to 71.1%  and 54.8% , respectively, as of December 31, 2017 .
