COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In 2023 and 2022, the Company had valuation allowances of $ 422 and $ 313 , primarily related to foreign tax credits that the Company believes will not be realized due to carry forward limitations. The foreign tax credit carry forwards are set to expire beginning in fiscal 2030. 
The Company generally no longer considers fiscal year earnings of non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries after 2017 to be indefinitely reinvested (other than China and Taiwan) and has recorded the estimated incremental foreign withholding taxes (net of available foreign tax credits) and state income taxes payable assuming a hypothetical repatriation to the U.S. The Company considers undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries, which totaled $ 3,225 , to be indefinitely reinvested and has not provided for withholding or state taxes. 
The gross unrecognized tax benefit includes tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. At the end of 2023 and 2022, these amounts were immaterial. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and penalties, the disallowance of these tax positions would not affect the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the payment of cash to the taxing authority. The total amount of such unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods is $ 14 and $ 15 at the end of 2023 and 2022.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The EFS Midstream System serves producers in the Eagle Ford Shale, by providing condensate gathering and processing services as well as gathering, treating and compression services for associated natural gas. The EFS Midstream System includes 525 miles of gathering pipelines, 11 central gathering plants having a combined condensate storage capacity of 0.3 MMBbls, 201 MBPD of condensate stabilization capacity and 1.0 Bcf/d of associated natural gas treating capacity.
 • The Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System transports crude oil and condensate for producers in South Texas. The system, which is effectively looped and has a capacity to transport over 600 MBPD of light and medium grades of crude oil, consists of 390 miles of crude oil and condensate pipelines originating in Gardendale, Texas and extending to Corpus Christi, Texas. The system interconnects with our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System in Wilson County, Texas and our Corpus Christi marine terminal.
In addition to the operational storage capacity associated with our crude oil pipelines, we also own and operate crude oil terminals located in Houston, Midland and Beaumont, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma that are used to store crude oil for us and our customers. In conjunction with other aspects of our midstream network, our crude oil terminals provide Gulf Coast refiners with an integrated system featuring supply diversification, significant storage capabilities and a high capacity pipeline distribution system. Our system has access to an aggregate refining capacity of approximately 8 MMBPD.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company's brand licensing contracts are licenses of symbolic intellectual property. Certain of these arrangements extend beyond one year. The transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations on these long-term contracts was $ 99 million as of December 31, 2020 and is expected to be recognized over the next 11 years. 
The value of unsatisfied performance obligations disclosed above does not include: (i) contracts involving variable consideration for which revenues are recognized in accordance with the usage-based royalty exception, and (ii) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less, such as advertising contracts. 
Sales commissions are generally expensed as incurred because contracts for which the sales commissions are generated are one year or less or are not material. Sales commissions are recorded as a component of cost of revenues on the consolidated statements of operations. The financing component of content licensing arrangements is not capitalized, because the period between delivery of the license and customer payment is one year or less or is not material.
