ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We are a publicly traded Delaware limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the ticker symbol “EPD.” Our preferred units are not publicly traded. We were formed in April 1998 to own and operate certain natural gas liquids (“NGLs”) related businesses of EPCO and are a leading North American provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products. We are owned by our limited partners (preferred and common unitholders) from an economic perspective. Enterprise GP, which owns a non-economic general partner interest in us, manages our Partnership. We conduct substantially all of our business operations through EPO and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Our fully integrated, midstream energy asset network (or “value chain”) links producers of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil from some of the largest supply basins in the United States (“U.S.”), Canada and the Gulf of Mexico with domestic consumers and international markets. Our midstream energy operations include:
 • propylene production facilities (including propane dehydrogenation (“PDH”) facilities), butane isomerization, octane enhancement, isobutane dehydrogenation (“iBDH”) and high purity isobutylene (“HPIB”) production facilities;

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
—   ( 25 ) —   ( 25 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ( 290 ) 109   2   ( 179 ) December 31, 2021 ( 845 ) 28   ( 13 ) ( 830 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ( 651 ) 4   ( 26 ) ( 673 ) Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income 
Redeemable noncontrolling interests are presented outside of permanent equity on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets when the put right is outside of the Company's control. Redeemable noncontrolling interests reflected as of the balance sheet date are the greater of the noncontrolling interest balances adjusted for comprehensive income items and distributions or the redemption values remeasured at the period end foreign exchange rates. Adjustments to the carrying amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests to redemption value as a result of changes in exchange rates are reflected in currency translation adjustments, a component of other comprehensive (loss) income. Such currency translation adjustments to redemption value are allocated to the Company’s stockholders only. Redeemable noncontrolling interest adjustments of carrying value to redemption value are reflected in retained earnings. The adjustment of carrying value to the redemption value that reflects a redemption in excess of fair value is included as an adjustment to income from continuing operations available to the Company’s stockholders in the calculation of earnings per share. (See Note 3.) The table below summarizes the Company's redeemable noncontrolling interests balances (in millions). 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Beginning balance $ 363   $ 383   $ 442   Cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests ( 50 ) ( 11 ) ( 31 ) Equity exchange with Harpo for step acquisition of OWN —   —   ( 50 ) Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interest —   ( 26 ) —   Comprehensive income adjustments: Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Level 2 – includes primarily pooled funds, including assets in real estate pooled funds, valued using net asset values of participation units held in common collective trusts, as reported by the managers of the trusts and as supported by the unit prices of actual purchase and sale transactions. Level 2 plan assets also include corporate bonds and other fixed-income securities, valued using independent observable market inputs, such as matrix pricing, yield curves and indices. 
Level 3 – includes investments valued using unobservable inputs that reflect the plans’ assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets, based on the best information available. 
Fair value estimates for pooled funds are calculated by the investment advisor when reliable quotations or pricing services are not readily available for certain underlying securities. The estimated value is based on either cost or last sale price for most of the securities valued in this fashion.
