ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, (% of municipal bond portfolio carrying value) 2021 2020 California 11.8   % 11.8   % Texas 8.7   9.5   Pennsylvania 5.4   5.8   New York 5.1   5.2   Colorado 4.4   5.5   Florida 4.2   5.5    
Short-term investments Short-term investments, including money market funds, commercial paper, U.S. Treasury bills and other short-term investments, are carried at fair value. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of short-term investments totaled $ 4.01 billion and $ 6.81 billion, respectively. 
Other investments Other investments primarily consist of bank loans, real estate, policy loans and derivatives. Bank loans are primarily senior secured corporate loans and are carried at amortized cost, net. Policy loans are carried at unpaid principal balances. Real estate is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Derivatives are carried at fair value.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
From time to time we have exchanged spectrum licenses with other wireless service providers through secondary market swap transactions. We expect to continue to pursue similar opportunities to trade spectrum licenses in order to meet capacity and expansion needs in the future. In certain cases, we have entered into intra-market spectrum swaps designed to increase the amount of contiguous spectrum within frequency bands in a specific market. Contiguous spectrum improves network performance and efficiency. These swaps, as well as any spectrum purchases, require us to obtain governmental approvals. 
Information regarding spectrum license transactions is included in the 2019 Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report. 
During March 2015, we completed a transaction with American Tower Corporation (American Tower) pursuant to which American Tower acquired the exclusive rights to lease and operate approximately 11,300 of our wireless towers and corresponding ground leases for an upfront payment of $5.0 billion. We have subleased capacity on the towers from American Tower for a minimum of 10 years at current market rates, with options to renew. Under the terms of the lease agreements, American Tower has exclusive rights to lease and operate towers over an average term of approximately 28 years. As the leases expire, American Tower has fixed-price purchase options to acquire these towers based on their anticipated fair market values at the end of the lease terms. As part of this transaction, we also sold 162 towers for $71 million.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and their customers together in the digital age. Founded in 1999, we enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain and artificial intelligence, to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. 
With our Customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to help companies with their digital transformation. Customer 360 gives teams sales, service, marketing and commerce capabilities and more, and a single shared view of their customers so they can work together to build lasting, trusted relationships and deliver the personalized experiences their customers expect. With our acquisition of Slack Technologies, Inc. (“Slack”) in July 2021, we are also creating a new digital headquarters where companies, employees, governments, and stakeholders can create success from anywhere. 
Our Customer 360 service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, rapidly deployed and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. We also enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings.
