ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Haynesville Gathering System consists of the 235-mile State Line gathering system, the 73-mile Southeast Mansfield gathering system, and the 70-mile Southeast Stanley gathering system. The Haynesville Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the Haynesville and Bossier Shale supply basins and the Cotton Valley and Taylor Sand formations in Louisiana and eastern Texas for delivery to regional markets, including (through an interconnect with the Haynesville Extension pipeline) markets served by our Acadian Gas System.
 • The San Juan Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the San Juan Basin in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado and delivers the natural gas either directly into interstate pipelines or to regional natural gas plants, including our Chaco facility, for further processing prior to being transported on interstate pipelines.
 • The Old Ocean Pipeline transports natural gas from an injection point on our Texas Intrastate System near Maypearl, Texas for delivery to a pipeline interconnect at Sweeny, Texas. A third party serves as operator of the pipeline, which has a gross natural gas transportation capacity of 160 MMcf/d and entered full service in January 2019.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. Operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets are included in "Other noncurrent assets" and operating lease liabilities are included in “Accrued liabilities” and “Other noncurrent liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease ROU assets are included in "Property and equipment, net" and finance lease liabilities are included in “Accrued liabilities” and “Other noncurrent liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheets. 
A rate implicit in the lease when readily determinable is used in arriving at the present value of lease payments. As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on information available at lease commencement date for most of its leases. The incremental borrowing rate is based on the Company's U.S. dollar denominated senior unsecured borrowing curves using public credit ratings adjusted down to a collateralized basis using a combination of recovery rate and credit notching approaches and translated into major contract currencies as applicable. 
The Company's lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise that option. The Company does not separate lease components from non-lease components across all lease categories. Instead, each separate lease component and non-lease component are accounted for as a single lease component. In addition, variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate are included in measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities at lease inception. All other variable lease payments are expensed as incurred and are not included in measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis. For finance leases, the Company recognizes interest expense on lease liabilities using the effective interest method and amortization of ROU assets on a straight-line basis.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of approximately $ 154 million within interest and other expense, net primarily related to the amount we paid in excess of the carrying value of the debt and from recognizing unamortized discounts, deferred financing and unamortized forward starting swaps in earnings at the time of the debt extinguishment. The cash payment related to the debt extinguishment were classified as cash outflows from financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
We recorded an extinguishment loss of $ 31 million within interest and other expense, net primarily related to the amount we paid in excess of carrying value of the debt and from recognizing unamortized discounts and deferred financing in earnings at the time of the debt extinguishment. The cash payments related to the redemption were classified as cash outflows from financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
0.375 % September 2029 € 750 $ 882 September 2020 1.500 % February 2031 $ 500 $ 500 July 2020 0.625 % July 2022 $ 1,000 $ 1,000 May 2020 1.500 % May 2025 $ 750 $ 750 May 2020 & April 2020 (2)
