ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2019 , approximately 1,600 of our pending claims have been reported to the MCCA, of which approximately 55% represents claims that occurred more than 5 years ago. There are 73 Allstate brand claims with reserves in excess of $15 million as of December 31, 2019 , which comprise approximately 32% of the gross ending reserves in the table above. As a result, significant developments with a single claimant can result in volatility in prior year incurred claims. 
Intercompany reinsurance We enter into certain intercompany insurance and reinsurance transactions in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. These reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
Catastrophe reinsurance Our catastrophe reinsurance program is designed to address our exposure to catastrophes nationwide, utilizing our risk management methodology. Our program is designed to provide reinsurance protection for catastrophes resulting from multiple perils including hurricanes, windstorms, hail, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, and fires following earthquakes. These reinsurance agreements are part of our catastrophe management strategy, which is intended to provide our shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business, while providing protection to our customers.

BOEING CO report:
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, commercial aircraft programs inventory included the following amounts related to the 737 program: deferred production costs of $ 1,296 and $ 2,159 and unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs of $ 617 and $ 480 . At December 31, 2021, $ 1,906 of 737 deferred production costs, unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs are expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that have firm orders, and $ 7 is expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that represent expected future orders. 
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, commercial aircraft programs inventory included the following amounts related to the 777X program: $ 3,363 and $ 1,727 of work in process and $ 3,521 and $ 3,295 of unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs. 
During the fourth quarter of 2020, we determined that estimated costs to complete the 777X program plus costs already included in 777X inventory exceed estimated revenues from the program. The resulting reach-forward loss of $ 6,493 was recorded as a reduction to deferred production costs. As a result, 777X deferred production costs were immaterial at December 31, 2020 and remain immaterial at December 31, 2021. The level of profitability on the 777X program will be subject to a number of factors. These factors include continued market uncertainty, the impacts of COVID-19 on our production system as well as impacts on our supply chain and customers, further production rate adjustments for the 777X or other commercial aircraft programs, any contraction of the accounting quantity and potential risks associated with the testing program and the timing of aircraft certification. One or more of these factors could result in additional reach-forward losses on the 777X program in future periods.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integrated Philanthropy: We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. Together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, to date we have given approximately $330 million to charitable organizations, logged more than 4.9 million employee volunteer hours around the world and provided more than 46,000 nonprofit and higher education organizations with the use of our service offerings for free or at a discount. 
Data Security: Customers entrust us with their most sensitive data, and they expect us to protect it using security risk management practices and advanced systems that respond to the changing security landscape and emerging threats. We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in our cybersecurity programs. We provide an overview of our program, training, best practices for our customers, and information on system status, security issues, and compliance certificates on our website at www.trust.salesforce.com. In addition, we believe that improvements in data security are critical to realizing the potential of technology and greater connectivity to improve lives around the world and that effective cybersecurity requires an ecosystem-wide approach. This is why we work with partners and stakeholders across the globe to support legislation and initiatives such as the Cybersecurity Tech Accord that would help modernize how we approach cybersecurity as an industry. 
Data Privacy: Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with their own customers. The privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect is a top priority. Our customer agreements (templates of which are publicly available on our website) and our privacy policies (also publicly available on our website) describe how we safeguard data with an effective privacy and security program. We also offer resources to help our customers operate globally in compliance with privacy laws such as GDPR and CCPA.
