MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. We have discussed the selection and disclosure of our critical accounting policies and estimates with our Audit Committee. The following is a review of our most significant assumptions and estimates. 
We test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on July 1. We assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill reporting units. We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as significant changes in the organization occur. Annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. In our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit’s estimated fair value with its carrying value. We estimate a reporting unit’s fair value using a discounted cash flow method which incorporates planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. This year, for our Europe and North America reporting units, we used a market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 5.9% to discount the projected cash flows of those operations. For our Latin America and AMEA reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 8.9% . Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans and industry and economic conditions, and our actual results and conditions may differ over time. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s net assets exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit fair value. 
In 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , there were no impairments of goodwill. In connection with our 2019 annual impairment testing, each of our reporting units had sufficient fair value in excess of carrying value. While all reporting units passed our annual impairment testing, if planned business performance expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then the estimated fair values of a reporting unit or reporting units might decline and lead to a goodwill impairment in the future.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
During the fourth quarter of 2018, we performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units. This assessment included, but was not limited to, consideration of the results of the Company's most recent quantitative impairment test, consideration of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, cash flows, changes in key personnel and the Company's share price. Based on this assessment, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of those reporting units exceeded their carrying values, except for its Asia-Pacific reporting unit. 
Based on the results of the qualitative assessment, the Company performed a quantitative step 1 impairment test (comparison of fair value to carrying value) for its Asia-Pacific reporting unit, which indicated limited headroom (the excess of fair value over carrying value) of 10%. In performing the step 1 test, the Company determined the fair value of its Asia-Pacific reporting unit by using a combination of discounted cash flow ("DCF") analyses and market-based valuation methodologies. The results of these valuation methodologies were weighted 50% towards the DCF analyses and 50% towards the market-based approach. The models relied on significant judgments and assumptions surrounding general market conditions, short-term growth rates, a terminal growth rate of 2.5%, and detailed management forecasts of future cash flow projections. Fair values were determined primarily by discounting estimated future cash flows at a weighted average cost of capital of 12%. During our annual impairment testing, we evaluated the sensitivity of our most critical assumption, the discount rate, and determined that a 100 basis point change in the discount rate selected would not have impacted the test results. Additionally, the Company could reduce the terminal growth rate from its current 2.5% to 2.0% and the fair value of the Asia-Pacific reporting unit would still exceed its carrying value. As of December 31, 2018, the carrying value of goodwill assigned to the Asia-Pacific reporting unit was $188 million. Management will continue to monitor this reporting unit for changes in the business environment that could impact recoverability. The recoverability of goodwill is dependent upon the continued growth of cash flows from our business activities. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors" for details on all significant risks that could impact the Company's ability to successfully grow its cash flows. Additionally, as the Asia-Pacific reporting unit operates in foreign markets with various functional currencies and has significant U.S. dollar denominated assets, changes in foreign exchange rates that result in strengthening of the U.S. dollar may negatively impact the fair value of the reporting unit and the calculation of excess carrying value. 
For an in-depth discussion of each of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies and further information regarding estimates and assumptions involved in their application, see Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Lake Charles LNG, our wholly-owned subsidiary, owns an LNG import terminal and regasification facility located on Louisiana’s Gulf Coast near Lake Charles, Louisiana. The import terminal has approximately 9.0 Bcf of above ground LNG storage capacity and the regasification facility has a send out capacity of 1.8 Bcf/d. 
Lake Charles LNG Export, our wholly-owned subsidiary, is developing a natural gas liquefaction project at the site of our Lake Charles LNG import terminal and regasification facility. The project would utilize existing dock and storage facilities owned by Lake Charles LNG located on the Lake Charles site. Lake Charles LNG Export entered into a prior development agreement with Shell in March 2019; however, Shell withdrew from the project in March 2020 due to adverse market factors affecting Shell’s business following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The project as currently designed is fully permitted by federal, state and local authorities, has all necessary export licenses and benefits from the infrastructure related to the existing regasification facility at the same site, including four LNG storage tanks, two deep water docks and other assets. 
Since the beginning of 2022, Lake Charles LNG Export has executed six LNG off-take agreements, for an aggregate of nearly 8 million tonnes per annum, including a 20-year LNG agreement with Shell NA LNG LLC. We have also signed nonbinding letter agreements with two Japanese customers for LNG offtake, and we are in active negotiations with several customers for long-term offtake contracts for significant volumes of LNG. We are making progress on all aspects of the project. Upon completion of the LNG project, we expect to realize significant incremental cash flows from transportation of natural gas on our Trunkline pipeline system, and other Energy Transfer pipelines upstream from Lake Charles.
