ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
At December 31, 2019, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $23.2 billion. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. The results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value.
Net cash from operating activities amounted to $6.1 billion, $6.3 billion and $5.6 billion in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The decrease in Net cash from operating activities in 2019 was primarily due to an increased investment in working capital, timing of pension contributions relative to 2018 and higher income tax payments, partially offset by the favorable cash flow impact of improved segment operating earnings and lower interest and acquisition-related expenses. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2018 was primarily due to higher segment operating earnings, continued improvements in working capital management, timing of pension contributions and lower acquisition-related expenses. The income tax component of cash from operating activities in 2018 includes the non-cash impact of the $120 million adjustment to the transition tax associated with the TCJA. The income tax component of operating cash flow in 2017 includes the non-cash impact of $1.46 billion of net tax expense related to the estimated impact of the TCJA.
While a significant portion of Abbott’s cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2019, are reinvested in foreign subsidiaries, Abbott does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. Due to the enactment of the TCJA, if these funds were needed for operations in the U.S., Abbott does not expect to incur significant additional income taxes in the future to repatriate these funds.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
A hypothetical 100 basis point change in the applicable reference rate, such as SOFR or LIBOR, would result in a change of approximately $50 million in our interest expense on our variable rate debt at December 31, 2022. Some of our variable rate debt is denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars and is indexed to non-U.S. dollar-based interest rate indices, such as EURIBOR and TLP, and certain benchmark rates in local bank markets. As such, the hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rate ignores the potential impact of any currency movements. See "Risk Factors - We are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business" for a discussion of certain risks related to interest rates. 
Inflationary factors generally affect us by increasing our labor and overhead costs, as well as costs related to those items associated with certain risks identified above, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. We have historically been able to recover the impacts of inflation through sales price increases, however we cannot reasonably estimate our ability to successfully recover any impact of inflation through price increases in the future. Our inability to do so could harm our results of operations and financial position. 
Foreign Exchange Derivatives —We use a combination of foreign exchange forward, swap, future, and option contracts in certain of our operations to mitigate the risk of exchange rate fluctuations in connection with certain commercial and balance sheet exposures. The foreign exchange forward swap and option contracts may be designated as cash flow or fair value hedges. We may also use net investment hedges to partially offset the translation adjustments arising from the remeasurement of our investment in certain of our foreign subsidiaries.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Customer 360 Platform. Acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. This process resulted in our acquisition of several companies in recent years, notably our acquisition of Slack in fiscal 2022. 
We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted geographies, businesses and technological initiatives. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. 
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.
