SALESFORCE INC report:
Income Taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character, for example, ordinary income or capital gains, within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
In fiscal 2021, we changed our international corporate structure, which included the transfer of certain intangible property between foreign affiliates resulting in a net tax benefit of $2.0 billion related to foreign deferred tax assets. The deferred tax assets were recognized as a result of the book and tax basis difference on the intangible property and were based on the intangible property’s current fair value. In determining the estimated fair value of the intangible property, we made significant estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, projected revenues, operating expenses and geographic earnings mix in the valuation models. We believe that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, and will regularly evaluate its realizability.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The return on our investment portfolios is an important component of our ability to offer good value to customers, fund business improvements and create value for shareholders. Investment portfolios are held for Property-Liability, Protection Services, Allstate Health and Benefits and Corporate and Other operations. While taking into consideration the investment portfolio in aggregate, management of the underlying portfolios is significantly influenced by the nature of each respective business and its corresponding liability profile. For each business, we identify a strategic asset allocation which considers both the nature of the liabilities and the risk and return characteristics of the various asset classes in which we invest. This allocation is informed by our long-term business and market expectations, as well as other considerations such as risk appetite, portfolio diversification, duration, desired liquidity and capital. Within appropriate ranges relative to strategic allocations, tactical allocations are made in consideration of prevailing and potential future market conditions. We manage risks that involve uncertainty related to interest rates, credit spreads, equity returns and currency exchange rates. 
The Property-Liability portfolio emphasizes protection of principal and consistent income generation, within a total return framework. This approach has produced competitive returns over the long term and is designed to ensure financial strength and stability for paying claims, while maximizing economic value and surplus growth. Products with lower liquidity needs, such as auto insurance and run-off lines, and capital create capacity to invest in less liquid higher yielding fixed income securities, performance-based investments such as limited partnerships and equity securities. Products with higher liquidity needs, such as homeowners insurance, are invested primarily in high quality liquid fixed income securities. 
The Protection Services portfolio is focused on protection of principal and consistent income generation, within a total return framework. The portfolio is largely comprised of fixed income securities with a lesser allocation to equity securities and short-term investments.

BOEING CO report:
The table below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of core operating loss, core operating margins and core loss per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of loss from operations, operating margins and diluted loss per share. 
($1,143) ($1,173) ($1,383) Core operating loss (non-GAAP) ($4,690) ($4,075) ($14,150) Core operating margins (non-GAAP) (7.0) % (6.5) % (24.3) % Diluted loss per share, as reported ($8.30) ($7.15) ($20.88) 
(1) FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the FAS pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. This adjustment is excluded from Core operating loss (non-GAAP).
