COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company operates on a 52/53 week fiscal year basis with the year ending on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2020, 2019, and 2018 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 30, 2020, September 1, 2019, and September 2, 2018, respectively. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions take into account historical and forward looking factors that the Company believes are reasonable, including but not limited to the potential impacts arising from the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) and related public and private sector policies and initiatives. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
The Company considers as cash and cash equivalents all cash on deposit, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, and proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of up to four days. Credit and debit card receivables were $ 1,636 and $ 1,434 at the end of 2020 and 2019, respectively.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) Net investment hedge contracts consist of cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward contracts. We also designate some of our non-U.S. dollar denominated debt to hedge a portion of our net investments in our non-U.S. operations. This debt is not reflected in the table above, but is included in long-term debt discussed in Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements . Both net investment hedge derivative contracts and non-U.S. dollar denominated debt acting as net investment hedges are also disclosed in the Derivative Volume table and the Hedges of Net Investments in International Operations section appearing later in this footnote. 
(2) Equity method investment contracts consist of the bifurcated embedded derivative option that was a component of the September 20, 2021 € 300 million exchangeable bonds issuance. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements . 
Derivatives designated as accounting hedges above include cash flow and net investment hedge derivative contracts. Our currency exchange, commodity derivative and equity method investment contracts are economic hedges that are not designated as accounting hedges. We record derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our asset derivatives is recorded within other current assets and other assets and the fair value of our liability derivatives is recorded within other current liabilities and other liabilities.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Diagnostic Products —Worldwide sales of diagnostic systems and tests for blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories and alternate-care testing sites. For segment reporting purposes, the Core Laboratories Diagnostics, Rapid Diagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Point of Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Diagnostic Products segment. 
Medical Devices — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Medical Devices segment.
Abbott's underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment’s assets.
