SALESFORCE INC report:
Our European revenue, operating expenses and significant balance sheet accounts denominated in currencies other than the USD primarily flow through our United Kingdom ("UK") subsidiary, which has a functional currency of the British Pound Sterling. This results in a two-step currency exchange process wherein the currencies in Europe other than the British Pound Sterling are first remeasured into the British Pound Sterling and then the British Pound Sterling is translated into USD for our Consolidated Financial Statements. As an example, costs incurred in France are remeasured from the Euro to the British Pound Sterling and then translated into the USD. Our statements of operations and balance sheet accounts are also impacted by the re-measurement of non-functional currency transactions such as USD denominated intercompany loans, cash accounts held by our overseas subsidiaries, accounts receivable denominated in foreign currencies and unearned revenue and accounts payable denominated in foreign currencies. 
In fiscal 2020, we began transitioning away from this UK-centralized European structure to enable some of our local subsidiaries within Europe, including Germany and France, to invoice customers directly. This transition, which may take multiple years, would thereby enable the local subsidiaries to recognize revenues, operating expenses and corresponding balance sheet accounts in local currencies. With the change to local invoicing in some markets, we expect better alignment between our revenue and expenses in the local currency. 
In January 2020, the UK exited the European Union (“EU”) (“Brexit”) and entered a transition period expected to last until the end of calendar 2020 during which the UK will continue to be subject to EU rules and regulations while it negotiates the future terms of its relationship with the EU. Brexit, and the outcome of these ongoing negotiations, could adversely affect the UK, regional (including European) and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the British Pound Sterling and Euro. We have evaluated and started to implement initiatives, such as the commitment to invest resources in Dublin, Ireland that could partially mitigate the impact Brexit could have on our operations. In fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 total revenues generated in Europe were approximately 20 percent, 19 percent and 18 percent of total revenues, respectively, of which substantially all were recorded in our UK subsidiary. Revenues in Europe were negatively impacted by approximately $79 million in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 as a result of the strengthening British Pound Sterling. We recognize that there are still significant uncertainties surrounding the ultimate resolution of Brexit negotiations, and we will continue to monitor any changes that may arise and assess their potential impact on our business.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Processing, an increase of $558 million was primarily due to higher Gross profit, lower SG&A and higher Other income (expense) - net, partially offset by foreign exchange losses, as described above. 
• In Merchandising, an increase of $172 million was primarily due to higher Gross profit, lower SG&A and higher Other income (expense) - net, partially offset by foreign exchange losses, as described above. 
Agribusiness segment Net sales increased by $1,127 million, or 4%, to $30,047 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $28,920 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase was due to the following:

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
During 2019, we entered into cross currency swaps with a total notional value of $ 6.4 billion and did no t settle any cross currency swaps. A pre-tax loss of $ 385 million was recognized in Other comprehensive loss with respect to these swaps. 
A portion of the gains and losses recognized in Other comprehensive loss was reclassified to Other income (expense), net to offset the related pre-tax foreign currency transaction gain or loss on the underlying hedged item. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
We have entered into forward starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges in order to manage our exposure to interest rate changes on future forecasted transactions. We hedge our exposure to the variability in future cash flows based on the expected maturities of the related forecasted debt issuance.
