WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We effected capital expenditures of $987 million in 2022, including amounts capitalized to support our next generation platforms, such as HBO Max and discovery+. In addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs to develop and market our combined streaming service in the future. 
Our uses of cash have included investments in equity method investments and equity investments without readily determinable fair value. (See Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) We provide funding to our investees from time to time. We contributed $168 million and $184 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, for investments in and advances to our investees. 
We have and expect to continue to incur significant, one-time transaction and integration costs during the first year following the Merger. (See Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Evaluating the key assumptions underlying the Company’s actuarial estimates by developing an independent expectation of the self-insurance liabilities and comparing them to the amounts recorded by the Company; and 
Evaluating the qualifications of the Company’s actuaries by assessing their certifications, and determining whether they met the Qualification Standards of the American Academy of Actuaries to render the statements of actuarial opinion implicit in their analyses. 
As of September 2, 2018, the Company identified a material weakness in internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls (ITGCs) in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain information technology (IT) systems that support the Company’s financial reporting processes. Automated and manual business process controls that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. While our report dated October 10, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 1, 2019, during a portion of the 52-week period ended September 1, 2019, the ITGCs were ineffective and the information or system generated reports produced by the affected financial reporting systems could not be relied upon without further testing. We identified the performance of the necessary incremental audit procedures over the financial information reliant on the impacted IT systems as a critical audit matter. Significant auditor judgment was required to design and execute the incremental audit procedures and to assess the sufficiency of the procedures performed and evidence obtained due to ineffective controls and the complexity of the Company’s IT environment.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
At February 28, 2020, the investment-grade credit ratings of EPO’s long-term senior unsecured debt securities were BBB+ from Standard and Poor’s, Baa1 from Moody’s and BBB+ from Fitch Ratings. In addition, the credit ratings of EPO’s short-term senior unsecured debt securities were A-2 from Standard and Poor’s, P-2 from Moody’s and F-2 from Fitch Ratings. EPO’s credit ratings reflect only the view of a rating agency and should not be interpreted as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any of our securities. A credit rating can be revised upward or downward or withdrawn at any time by a rating agency, if it determines that circumstances warrant such a change. A credit rating from one rating agency should be evaluated independently of credit ratings from other rating agencies.
The following table summarizes the issuance of new common units in connection with our distribution reinvestment plan (“DRIP”) and employee unit purchase plan (“EUPP”) for the years indicated (dollars in millions, number of units issued as shown):
The decrease in net cash proceeds from the DRIP and EUPP between 2018 and 2019 is primarily due to (i) lower reinvestments by privately held affiliates of EPCO in 2019, (ii) lower levels of reinvestment by participants due to a reduction in the DRIP discount from 2.5% to 0% beginning with the distribution paid in February 2019 and (iii) the election to satisfy delivery obligations under the DRIP and EUPP using common units purchased on the open market, rather than issuing new common units, beginning with the distribution paid in August 2019.
