ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Patoka, Illinois. The Patoka, Illinois terminal is a tank farm owned by the PEP joint venture and is located in Marion County, Illinois. The facility includes 234 acres of owned land and provides for approximately 1.9 MMBbls of crude oil storage. 
• Houston. The Houston Terminal consists of storage tanks located on the Houston Ship Channel with an aggregate storage capacity of 18.2 MMBbls used to store, blend and transport refinery products and refinery feedstocks via pipeline, barge, rail, truck and ship. This facility has five deep-water ship docks on the Houston Ship Channel capable of loading and unloading Suezmax cargo vessels and seven barge docks which can accommodate 23 barges simultaneously, three crude oil pipelines connecting to four refineries and numerous rail and truck loading spots. 
• Cushing. The Cushing Terminal has approximately 7.6 MMBbls of crude oil storage, of which 5.6 MMBbls are leased to customers and 2.0 MMBbls are available for crude oil operations, blending and marketing activities. The storage terminal has inbound connections with the White Cliffs Pipeline from Platteville, Colorado, the Great Salt Plains Pipeline from Cherokee, Oklahoma, the Cimarron Pipeline from Boyer, Kansas, and two-way connections with all of the other major storage terminals in Cushing. The Cushing terminal also includes truck unloading facilities.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Datorama was approximately $ 766 million, which consisted of $ 136 million of cash, $ 537 million of common stock issued and $ 93 million of fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 202 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one to eight years . The Company recorded approximately $ 586 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating Datorama’s technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income taxes purposes. 
In May 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MuleSoft, which provides a platform for building application networks that connect enterprise apps, data and devices, across any cloud and on-premise solution. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MuleSoft was approximately $ 6.4 billion, which consisted of $ 4.9 billion of cash, $ 1.2 billion of common stock issued and $ 387 million of fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 1.3 billion for acquired intangible assets, which primarily consisted of $ 1.0 billion for customer relationships and $ 224 million for developed technology, with an estimated useful life ranging from one to eight years . Developed technology represents the fair value of MuleSoft's Anypoint technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with MuleSoft customers. The Company recorded approximately $ 4.8 billion of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating MuleSoft's Anypoint technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We provide more information on risks related to the war in Ukraine in our Financial Outlook and Commodity Trends section, Item 3, Qu antitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, and under Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
Additionally in 2022, we announced our intention to divest our developed market gum and global Halls candy businesses and in Q4 2022, we announced an agreement to sell the developed market gum business with an anticipated closing of Q4 2023, subject to relevant antitrust approvals and closing conditions. 
In 2022, we sold approximately 18.6 million of our shares back to JDE Peet’s, which reduced our ownership interest by approximately 3% to 19.8%. We recorded a loss of €8 million ($8 million). In 2021, we issued €300 million exchangeable bonds. If all bonds were redeemed in exchange for shares, this would represent approximately 8.5 million shares or approximately 9% of our equity interest in JDE Peet's. In 2020, we exchanged our 26.4% ownership interest in JDE for a 26.5% equity interest in JDE Peet’s, which was then taken public. During the initial public offering, we sold approximately 11.1 million shares, recording a pre-tax gain of $131 million and a $250 million tax expense and reducing our ownership interest to 22.9%.
