COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our industry is highly competitive, based on factors such as price, merchandise quality and selection, location, convenience, distribution strategy, and customer service. We compete on a worldwide basis with global, national, and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores, and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. Walmart, Target, Kroger, and Amazon are among our significant general merchandise retail competitors in the U.S. We also compete with other warehouse clubs, including Walmart’s Sam’s Club and BJ’s Wholesale Club. Many of the major metropolitan areas in the U.S. and certain of our Other International locations have multiple competing clubs. 
We believe that, to varying degrees, our trademarks, trade names, copyrights, proprietary processes, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names and similar intellectual property add significant value to our business and are important to our success. We have invested significantly in the development and protection of our well-recognized brands, including the Costco Wholesale trademarks and our private-label brand, Kirkland Signature. We believe that Kirkland Signature products are high quality, offered at prices that are generally lower than national brands, and help lower costs, differentiate our merchandise offerings, and generally earn higher margins. We expect to continue to increase the sales penetration of our private-label items. 
We rely on trademark and copyright laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality, license and other agreements with our suppliers, employees and others to protect our intellectual property. The availability and duration of trademark registrations vary by country; however, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and registrations are maintained.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
The increase in other occupancy expense and other occupancy expense excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs was primarily driven by additional operating facilities coming into service. 
Other expenses, and other expenses excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs and legal contingencies and expenses, increased for 2019. The increase was attributable to various items, including adjustments to reserves for self-insured automobile liability claims, bad debt expense, technology equipment and software licenses, professional service fees and advertising. These increases were partially offset by a $40 million gain on the sale of surplus property in Canada and lower travel and entertainment expenses. 
Investment income (expense) and other for the period increased $1.093 billion, which included a $760 million increase in mark-to-market pension charges. Excluding the impact of the defined benefit plan mark-to-market charges, adjusted investment income (expense) and other for the period, which includes expected investment returns on pension assets, net of interest cost on projected benefit obligations, prior service cost and investment income, decreased $333 million. Expected returns on plan assets decreased as a result of the lower asset base driven by negative asset returns in 2018, partially offset by the effects of higher discretionary contributions in 2019. Pension interest cost increased with higher year-end discount rates, ongoing plan growth and an increase in the projected benefit obligation as a result of the 2018 year-end measurement of our plans. Investment income increased as a result of higher yields on invested assets, higher overall investment balances and foreign currency exchange rate movements.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Taxes on earnings from continuing operations reflect the annual effective rates, including charges for interest and penalties. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax consequences on future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) was enacted in the U.S. on December 22, 2017. The TCJA reduces the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax 
on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. As of December 31, 2018, Abbott has completed its accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the TCJA. If additional regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury after December 31, 2018 result in a change in judgment, the effect of such regulations will be accounted for in the period in which the regulations are finalized.
