WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
During the year ended December 31, 2019 , the Company recorded approximately $ 370 million of operating lease liabilities associated with its new global headquarters in New York City. As of December 31, 2019 , the Company has additional leases that have not yet commenced with total minimum lease payments of approximately $ 21 million , primarily related to equipment leases. The remaining leases will commence between fiscal year 2020 and fiscal year 2021 , have lease terms of 4 to 16 years, and include options to extend the terms for up to 10 additional years. 
As of December 31, 2018, prior to the adoption of Topic 842, future minimum payments under leases having initial or remaining non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year were as follows (in millions): 
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to modify its exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. In addition to the Company's normal course of business cash flow hedging program, the Company entered into the following arrangements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multinational environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. We are also subject to legislation designed to reduce emissions from greenhouse gases, and many countries are considering introducing carbon taxes that could increase our production costs or those of our suppliers. 
We continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. Also refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for additional information on government regulations and currency-related impacts on our operations in the United Kingdom, Argentina and other countries. 
Mr. Van de Put became Chief Executive Officer and a director in November 2017 and became Chairman of the Board of Directors in April 2018. He formerly served as President and Chief Executive Officer of McCain Foods Limited, a multinational frozen food provider, from July 2011 to November 2017 and as its Chief Operating Officer from May 2010 to July 2011. Mr. Van de Put served as President and Chief Executive Officer, Global Over-the-Counter, Consumer Health Division of Novartis AG, a global healthcare company, from 2009 to 2010. Prior to that, he worked for 24 years in a variety of leadership positions for several global food and beverage providers, including Danone SA, The Coca-Cola Company and Mars, Incorporated.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our natural gas processing plants in Louisiana and Mississippi increased a combined $54.1 million year-to-year primarily due to (i) lower repair and operating costs, which accounted for $19.4 million of the increase and were mainly attributable to fire-related repairs completed at the Pascagoula plant in 2016, (ii) a one-time $19.1 million benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 in connection with proceeds from the business interruption insurance claim at our Pascagoula gas plant and (iii) higher average processing margins, which accounted for an additional $9.8 million increase. Fee-based natural gas processing volumes at our Louisiana and Mississippi plants increased a combined 138 MMcf/d year-to-year. 
Gross operating margin from our Meeker, Pioneer and Chaco natural gas processing plants increased a net $31.5 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average processing margins, which accounted for $41.9 million of the increase and reflect the impact of hedging activities, partially offset by lower average processing fees, which accounted for a $7.3 million decrease. On a combined basis for these three plants, fee-based natural gas processing volumes and equity NGL production decreased 61 MMcf/d and increased 16 MBPD, respectively, year-to-year. 
Gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities decreased a net $10.4 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins, which accounted for a $37.9 million decrease, partially offset by higher sales volumes, which accounted for a $20.1 million increase, and lower railcar leasing costs, which accounted for an additional $7.4 million increase. Results from NGL marketing’s activities decreased $11.4 million year-to-year due to non-cash, mark-to-market activity.
