ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In general, depreciation is the systematic and rational allocation of an asset’s cost, less its residual value (if any), to the periods it benefits. The majority of our property, plant and equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method, which results in depreciation expense being incurred evenly over the life of an asset. Depreciation expense incorporates management estimates regarding the useful economic lives and residual values of our assets. At the time we place our assets into service, we believe such assumptions are reasonable; however, circumstances may develop that cause us to change these assumptions, which would change our depreciation amounts prospectively. Examples of such circumstances include (i) changes in laws and regulations that limit the estimated economic life of an asset, (ii) changes in technology that render an asset obsolete, (iii) changes in expected salvage values or (iv) significant changes in our forecast of the remaining life for the associated resource basins, if applicable.
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the net carrying value of our property, plant and equipment was $42.09 billion and $ 41.91 billion, respectively. We recorded $1.71 billion and $ 1.68 billion of depreciation expense during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For information regarding our property, plant and equipment, see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
Long-lived assets, which consist of intangible assets with finite useful lives and property, plant and equipment, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Examples of such events or changes might be production declines that are not replaced by new discoveries or long-term decreases in the demand for or price of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals or refined products.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Discovery considers the Exchange of the Series A convertible preferred stock for Series A-1 convertible preferred stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock to be a modification to the conversion option of the Series A convertible preferred stock. Previously, conversion of Series A preferred stock required simultaneous conversion into Series A common stock and Series C common stock. The Exchange, however, allows for the independent conversion of the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock into Series C common stock without the conversion of Series A-1 convertible preferred stock. Advance/Newhouse’s aggregate voting, economic and preferred rights before the Exchange are equal to its aggregate voting, economic and preferred rights after the Exchange. 
Discovery valued the securities immediately prior to and immediately after the Exchange and determined that the Exchange increased the fair value of Advance/Newhouse’s preferred stock by $35 million from $3.340 billion to $3.375 billion , or 1.05% , which was not considered significant in the context of the total value of the Company's preferred stock. On the basis of the qualitative and quantitative factors noted above, Discovery does not believe the Exchange is considered significant and does not reflect an extinguishment of the previously issued preferred stock for accounting purposes. Accordingly, Discovery has accounted for the exchange of the previously issued preferred stock as a modification, which is measured as the increase in fair value of the preferred stock held by Advance/Newhouse, or $35 million . 
In connection with the Exchange Agreement, Advance/Newhouse also entered into the Advance/Newhouse Voting Agreement. The Advance/Newhouse Voting Agreement requires that Advance/Newhouse vote its shares of Discovery Series A-1 convertible preferred stock to approve the issuance of shares of Series C common stock in connection with the Scripps Networks acquisition as contemplated by the Merger Agreement. As the $35 million of incremental value was transferred to Advance/Newhouse in exchange for consent with respect to the Scripps Networks acquisition, the Company determined that the incremental amount should be expensed as acquisition transaction costs, which are reported as a component of selling, general and administrative expense.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Management believes that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows with capacity under existing and available credit agreements will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements. 
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $7,392 in 2022, compared to $8,958 in 2021. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily from net sales and membership fees. Cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. Cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. Changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by 
several factors, including how fast inventory is sold, the forward deployment of inventory to accelerate delivery times, payment terms with our suppliers, and early payments to obtain discounts from suppliers.
