BOEING CO report:
The global outbreak of COVID-19, 787 production issues and associated rework, and the residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding continue to have significant adverse impacts on our business and are expected to continue to negatively impact revenue, earnings and operating cash flow in future quarters. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented shock to demand for air travel, creating a tremendous challenge for our customers, our business and the entire commercial aerospace manufacturing and services sector. We continue to expect commercial air travel to return to 2019 levels in 2023 to 2024. We expect it will take a few years beyond that for the industry to return to long-term trend growth. There is significant uncertainty with respect to when commercial air traffic levels will recover, and whether, and at what point capacity will return to and/or exceed pre-COVID-19 levels. 
During 2021, net cash used by operating activities was $ 3.4 billion. Our operating cash flows continue to be impacted by lower commercial airplane deliveries and concessions paid to 737 MAX customers. We expect negative operating cash flows until commercial deliveries ramp up. In 2021, we issued $ 9.8 billion of fixed rate senior notes that mature between 2023 and 2026. We used the net proceeds of these note issuances to repay the $ 13.8 billion outstanding under our two-year delayed draw term loan credit agreement. In 2021, we also repaid $ 1.5 billion of term notes. As a result, our cash and short-term investment balance was $ 16.2 billion and our debt balance was $ 58.1 billion at December 31, 2021. In addition, we have term notes of $ 1.2 billion maturing in 2022. 
As of December 31, 2021, our unused borrowing capacity on revolving credit agreements is $ 14.7 billion. We anticipate that these revolving credit lines will remain undrawn and primarily serve as backup liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs. Our borrowing capacity includes a $ 3.1 billion 364-day revolving credit facility, which is set to expire in October 2022. See Note 15.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. As of December 31, 2018 , Bunge had tax liabilities of $120 million, including interest and penalties. At this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table. See Note 14  - Income Taxes  to our consolidated financial statements. 
 In addition, we have entered into partnership agreements for the production of sugarcane. These agreements have an average remaining life of five  years and cover approximately 234,000  hectares of land under cultivation. Amounts owed under these agreements are dependent on several variables including the quantity of sugarcane produced per hectare, the total recoverable sugar ("ATR") per ton of sugarcane produced and the price for each kilogram of ATR as determined by Consecana, the state of São Paulo sugarcane, sugar and ethanol council. During the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , Bunge made payments related to these agreements of $84 million , $105 million  and $89 million , respectively, for advances on future production. $56 million , $69 million  and $64 million  were included in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. 
The Company's accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 - Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. The Company believes that the following discussion addresses the Company's most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We have historically provided and continue to provide our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also provide our services via cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. In fiscal 2022, we launched Hyperforce, a reimagination of our platform architecture built to securely and reliably deliver the Customer 360 platform on major public clouds, in select regions and with select offerings. We continue to invest in Hyperforce and look to make it available in more regions in fiscal 2023. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions, including our most recent acquisitions of Slack, Tableau, and MuleSoft. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.
