SALESFORCE INC report:
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our ongoing assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features. 
As of January 31, 2023, our strategic investment portfolio consisted of investments in over 400 companies with a combined carrying value of $4.7 billion, including two privately held investments with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of the total strategic investments portfolio and represented sixteen percent of the portfolio in aggregate. 
The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment portfolio as of January 31, 2023 and excludes exited investments (in millions):  Investment Type Capital Invested Unrealized Gains (Cumulative) Unrealized Losses (Cumulative) Carrying Value as of January 31, 2023

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Per Occurrence and Aggregate Excess Agreements , include occurrence coverage in contracts from both the traditional reinsurance and insurance linked securities (“ILS”) markets, while aggregate protection is included in two contracts supported by the ILS market. The agreements provide multi-line catastrophe coverage in every state except Florida, where coverage is only provided for personal lines automobile. 
Layer 1 through Layer 5 - Per Occurrence Excess Agreement For the June 1, 2019 to May 31, 2020 term, coverage for each of layers one through five is placed in the traditional reinsurance market with each layer comprising three contracts. Each contract provides one-third of 95 % of the total layer limit expiring May 31, 2020 , May 31, 2021 and May 31, 2022 , respectively. One-third of the limit provided by each of layers one through five includes coverage for New Jersey. Two-thirds of the limit provided by each of layers one through five also includes coverage for the Company’s commercial lines property and automobile catastrophe losses. The contracts for each of layers one through five include one reinstatement of limits per year, with premium required. Reinsurance premiums are subject to redetermination for exposure changes on an annual basis. 
Layer 6 – Per Occurrence Excess Agreement The layer six contract placed in the traditional reinsurance market contains comparable contract terms and conditions as layers one through five, with New Jersey and commercial lines property and automobile catastrophe losses included in the definition of subject loss. The layer six contract provides a $ 324 million limit, is 95 % placed, and expires May 31, 2022. This contract contains a variable reset option, which the ceding entities may elect to invoke at each anniversary and which allows for the annual adjustment of the attachment and exhaustion level within specified limits. The layer six contract contains one reinstatement of limits over its seven -year term with premium required. As of July 1, 2019, a reinstatement of limits has not been executed under this contract. Reinsurance premiums for this contract are subject to redetermination for exposure changes on an annual basis.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Product differentiation. As a result of pricing pressures, providers need to differentiate their products and services. Customers are shifting their focus from access to applications and are seeking ways to leverage their broadband and video connections. Converged features, such as integrated wireless and wireline functionality, are becoming similarly important, driven by both customer demand and technological advancement. 
Innovation. The delivery of new and innovative products and services has been accelerating. To compete effectively, providers need to continuously review, improve and refine their product portfolio and customer service experience and develop and rapidly deploy new products and services tailored to the needs of customers. 
In the Consumer Markets business, cable operators are significant competitors. Cable operators have increased the size and capacity of their networks in order to deliver digital products and services. We continue to market competitive bundled offerings that include Fios Internet, TV, and voice services and we have introduced market offers targeted to our Verizon Wireless customers. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships.
