ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• maintain a diversified portfolio of midstream energy assets and expand this asset base through growth capital projects and accretive acquisitions of complementary assets that enhance our overall value chain; and
Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are contingent on the supply of, and demand for the energy commodities we handle across our integrated midstream energy asset network. See “ Current Outlook ” included under Part II, Item 7 of this annual report for management’s views on key midstream energy supply and demand fundamentals in 2023.
The following sections provide an overview of our business segments, including information regarding principal products produced and/or services rendered and properties owned. Our operations are reported under four business segments: NGL Pipelines & Services, Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, Natural Gas Pipelines & Services and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s self-insurance workers' compensation process. This included controls related to the development and selection of the assumptions listed above used in the actuarial calculation and review of the actuarial report. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
• Evaluating the above listed assumptions underlying the Company’s actuarial estimates by developing an independent expectation of the self-insurance workers' compensation liabilities and comparing them to the amounts recorded by the Company 
We have audited Costco Wholesale Corporation and subsidiaries ’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of August 29, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 29, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our principal component of costs of revenues is content expense. Content expense includes television/digital series, specials, films, and sporting events. The costs of producing a content asset and bringing that asset to market consist of production costs, participation costs, and exploitation costs. 
Costs of revenues increased 1% in 2022, primarily attributable to increased programming expenses on DTC platforms, higher theatrical product content expense, higher sports-related expense globally, and increased expense at CNN, partially offset by lower television product content expense and distribution fees. 
Depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization decreased 13% in 2022, primarily attributable to a change in amortization method from the straight-line method to the sum of the months’ digits method for some of the WM assets acquired.
