WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies. These transactions may be pursuant to fuel purchase contracts or through spot sales. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain strategic locations, including pipelines. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market-based formulas. 
Finally, we provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal commonly referred to as "racks," which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third-parties. 
In the third quarter of 2020, we completed the sale of our Multi Service payment solutions business ("MSTS"). On January 3, 2022, we closed the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interest in Flyers Energy Group, LLC ("Flyers"). Flyers' operations include transportation, commercial fleet fueling, lubricants distribution, and the supply of wholesale, branded and renewable fuels. See Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On June 27, 2017, a global malware incident impacted our business. The malware affected a significant portion of our global sales, distribution and financial networks. Following the incident, we executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages and restore our systems environment. We also restored our main operating systems and processes and enhanced our system security. To date, we have not found, nor do we expect to find, any instances of Company or personal data released externally. 
During 2017, we estimated the malware incident had a negative impact of 0.4% on our net revenue and Organic Net Revenue growth as we recognized the majority of delayed second quarter shipments in our third quarter 2017 results and we also permanently lost some revenue. We incurred total incremental expenses of $84 million predominantly during the second half of 2017 as part of the recovery effort. The recovery from the incident was largely resolved by the end of 2017 and we continued efforts to strengthen our security measures and enhance general information technology, business process and disclosure controls. 
Net revenues were approximately $25.9 billion in both 2019 and 2018 , a decrease of 0.3% in 2019 and an increase of 0.2% in 2018 . In 2019, net revenues declined due to the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of the divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa. Net revenues were positively affected by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix, as well as the acquisitions of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks in 2019 and a U.S. premium biscuit company, Tate's Bake Shop, in 2018. In 2018, net revenues grew due to higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Net revenues were also positively affected by the acquisition of Tate's Bake Shop. Net revenue growth was negatively affected by the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of several business divestitures that occurred in 2017 which reduced net revenues in 2018 as compared to the prior year.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2020, management announced its plans to continue to recommend to the Board of Enterprise GP an increase of $0.0025 per unit per quarter to our cash distribution rate with respect to 2020. The anticipated rate of increase would result in distributions for 2020 (of $1.805 per unit) being 2.3% higher than those paid with respect to 2019 (of $1.765 per unit). The payment of any quarterly cash distribution is subject to Board approval and management’s evaluation of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in connection with such payments.
In addition, management announced its intention to use approximately 2.0% of net cash flow provided by operating activities, or cash flow from operations (“CFFO”), in 2020 to repurchase EPD common units under the Buyback Program approved in January 2019 (the “2019 Buyback Program”). For information regarding the 2019 Buyback Program, including repurchases of common units in 2019, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources – Common Unit Buyback Program” within this Part II, Item 7.
In December 2019, we completed the first processing train at our Mentone cryogenic natural gas processing facility (“Mentone I”) and placed it into service. The Mentone facility, which is located in Loving County, Texas, has a current capacity to process 300 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract more than 40 MBPD of NGLs. Mentone and its related infrastructure further extends our presence in the Delaware Basin and provides producers access to our fully integrated midstream asset network, including our Texas Intrastate System and Shin Oak NGL Pipeline. We own and operate the Mentone facility and related infrastructure. With Mentone I in operation, we have the capability to process up to 1.6 Bcf/d of natural gas and extract up to 250 MBPD of NGL production from our processing facilities in the Delaware Basin.
