WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We maintain a provision for estimated credit losses based upon our historical experience with our customers, any specific customer collection issues that we have identified from current financial information and business prospects, as well as forward-looking information from market sources. Historical payment trends of our customers together with internal and external information about the economic outlook, geopolitical risks and macroeconomic events may not fully capture the current or future creditworthiness of our customers, particularly in difficult economic periods. As a result of the challenges inherent in estimating which customers are less likely to remit amounts owed to us, our provision for estimated credit losses may not always be sufficient. Any write-off of accounts receivable in excess of our provision for credit losses could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. For additional information on the credit risks inherent in our business, see “Item 1A – Risk Factors” in this 2020 10‑K Report. 
When estimating the net realizable value of inventory, we utilize a variety of observable fuel indices and other indicators. Sharp negative changes in these indices can result in a reduction of our inventory valuation, which could have an adverse material impact on our results of operations in the period in which we take the adjustment. 
Business combinations are accounted for using a fair value model. This model is required when the definition of a business is met. In contrast, asset acquisitions are accounted for using a cost accumulation and allocation model. The initial and subsequent measurement of certain assets acquired and, consequently, our results of operations are impacted differently depending on the model. In a business combination, the residual fair value generated in the acquisition is recognized as goodwill which is tested for impairment but not amortized, while in an asset acquisition, any residual fair value is allocated on a relative fair value basis to all qualifying identifiable net assets acquired and subsequently amortized. To conclude if the definition of a business is met, we need to conclude whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets which requires significant judgment to determine the fair value and if and how assets should be grouped.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Includes our proportionate share of unusual or infrequent items, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs, restructuring program costs and discrete U.S. tax reform impacts recorded by our JDE and Keurig equity method investees. 
Refer to Note 11, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs, Note 12, Capital Stock , for more information on our share repurchase program and Note 16, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information. 
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• capitalize on expected trends and opportunities in energy evolution and demand growth, including exports, for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and petrochemical and refined products;
 • maintain a diversified portfolio of midstream energy assets and expand this asset base through growth capital projects and accretive acquisitions of complementary midstream energy assets;
 • share capital costs and risks through business ventures or alliances with strategic partners, including those that provide processing, throughput or feedstock volumes for growth capital projects or the purchase of such projects’ end products.
