ALLSTATE CORP report:
Beginning January 1, 2018, the Tax Legislation reduced the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. 2018 and 2017 results include a Tax Legislation benefit of $29 million and $506 million, respectively. 2017 results also include a tax benefit of $63 million related to the adoption of the new accounting standard for share-based payments on January 1, 2017. 
Overview   Our Property-Liability operations consist of two reportable segments: Allstate Protection and Discontinued Lines and Coverages. These segments are consistent with the groupings of financial information that management uses to evaluate performance and to determine the allocation of resources. 
We do not allocate Property-Liability investment income, realized capital gains and losses, or assets to the Allstate Protection and Discontinued Lines and Coverages segments. Management reviews assets at the Property-Liability level for decision-making purposes.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Network reliability, capacity and coverage.  We consider a wireless network that consistently provides high-quality and reliable service to be a key differentiator in the U.S. market and driver of customer satisfaction. Lower prices, improved service quality and new wireless service offerings, which in many cases include video content, have led to increased customer usage of wireless services, which, in turn, puts pressure on network capacity. In order to compete effectively, wireless service providers must keep pace with network capacity needs and offer highly reliable national coverage through their networks. We believe that the depth and breadth of our network provides our fundamental strength and is the basis for our competitive advantage in the wireless marketplace. 
Pricing. Service and equipment pricing play an important role in the wireless competitive landscape, with plans that address both the postpaid and prepaid customer. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, we and other wireless service providers are offering service plans at competitive prices that include voice services, data access and text messaging, in some cases on an unlimited basis.  Many other wireless service providers have also bundled wireless service offerings with other products while others offer promotional pricing and incentives targeted specifically to customers of Verizon Wireless. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, also offer device payment options, which provide consumers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and device leasing arrangements.  In addition, aggressive device promotions have also become more common in a highly penetrated market in order to gain share of subscribers interested in changing carriers. 
Customer service. We believe that high-quality customer service is a key factor in retaining customers and attracting new customers, including those of other wireless providers. Our customer service, retention and satisfaction programs are based on providing customers with convenient and easy-to-use products and services and focusing on their needs in order to promote long-term relationships and minimize churn. To promote long-term relationships with our customers, we launched the Verizon Up program, which offers a variety of rewards to customers in exchange for points they earn in connection with their account-related transactions with Verizon Wireless. The program offers customers discounts on products, services and access to experiences, such as sporting events, shows and concerts.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Income Taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character, for example, ordinary income or capital gains, within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
In fiscal 2021, we changed our international corporate structure, which included the transfer of certain intangible property between foreign affiliates resulting in a net tax benefit of $2.0 billion related to foreign deferred tax assets. The deferred tax assets were recognized as a result of the book and tax basis difference on the intangible property and were based on the intangible property’s current fair value. In determining the estimated fair value of the intangible property, we made significant estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, projected revenues, operating expenses and geographic earnings mix in the valuation models. We believe that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, and will regularly evaluate its realizability.
