SALESFORCE INC report:
Sales. Our Sales offering empowers sales teams of companies to efficiently manage and automate their entire sales process from leads to opportunities to billing, allowing them to sell faster, smarter and in the way they want. Our customers use our Sales offering to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast opportunities, gain insights through analytics and relationship intelligence and deliver quotes, contracts and invoices. Our Sales offerings enable teams to work from anywhere in the office, on the go or at home and support the changing expectations of customers in a digital-first world. 
Service. Our Service offering enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Organizations use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and across multiple channels — from the phone and email to self-service portals and social media — allowing customers to engage with companies in the ways that best suit them. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve routine issues by engaging with AI-powered chatbots that provide informed recommendations and suggested next steps. In addition, Service offers a field 
service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
A leading roadside assistance provider in North America offering towing, jump-start, lockout, fuel delivery and tire change services to retail customers and customers of our wholesale partners. Good Hands Rescue ® is a pay-per-use mobile application service that connects users to a select countrywide network of third-party providers and a proprietary crowdsourced network to assist with emergencies. 
We compete on a variety of factors, including product offerings, brand recognition, financial strength, price, distribution and the customer experience. The market for these services is highly fragmented and competitive. 
Our Allstate Life segment accounted for 4.8% of Allstate’s 2018  consolidated total revenue and 1.8% of Allstate’s December 31, 2018  PIF. Our overall strategy is to broaden Allstate’s customer relationships and value proposition. The Allstate Life segment’s product offerings are a part of the Allstate brand trusted advisor strategy. We also distribute non-proprietary retirement products offered by third-party providers. Our target customers are those who prefer local personalized advice and service and are brand-sensitive.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We design and deploy our network in an efficient manner that we believe maximizes the number of successful data sessions, including video, permitting the completion of large file downloads and uploads while delivering on our advertised throughput speeds, and also maximizes the number of calls that are connected on the first attempt and completed without being dropped. We have been densifying our 4G LTE network by utilizing small cell technology, in-building solutions and distributed antenna systems. Network densification not only enables us to add capacity to address increasing mobile video consumption and the growing demand for  IoT products and services, but also positions us for the deployment of 5G technology . We are also utilizing existing network capabilities to handle increased traffic without interrupting the quality of the customer experience. We have and will continue to deploy advanced technologies to increase both network capacity and data rates. 
Our network includes various elements of redundancy designed to enhance the reliability of our service. To mitigate the impact of power disruptions on our operations, we have battery backup at every switch and every macrocell in our network. We also utilize backup generators at a majority of our macrocells and at every switch location. In addition, we have a fleet of portable backup generators that can be deployed, if needed. We further enhance reliability by using a fully redundant Multiprotocol Label Switching backbone network in critical locations. 
In addition to our own network coverage, we have roaming agreements with a number of wireless service providers to enable our customers to receive wireless service in nearly all other areas in the U.S. where wireless service is available. We also offer a variety of international wireless voice and data services to our customers through roaming arrangements with wireless service providers outside of the U.S. Certain of our roaming agreements can be terminated at will by either party upon several months’ notice; however, we do not believe that the termination of any of these at-will agreements would have a material adverse effect on our business.
