COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s self-insurance workers' compensation process. This included controls related to the development and selection of the assumptions listed above used in the actuarial calculation and review of the actuarial report. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
• Evaluating the above listed assumptions underlying the Company’s actuarial estimates by developing an independent expectation of the self-insurance workers' compensation liabilities and comparing them to the amounts recorded by the Company 
We have audited Costco Wholesale Corporation and subsidiaries ’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of August 29, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 29, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Air Emissions. Our operations are subject to the federal Clean Air Act, as amended, and comparable state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations regulate emissions of air pollutants from various industrial sources, including our processing plants, and also impose various monitoring and reporting requirements. Such laws and regulations may require that we obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or facilities, such as our processing plants and compression facilities, expected to produce air emissions or to result in the increase of existing air emissions, that we obtain and strictly comply with air permits containing various emissions and operational limitations, or that we utilize specific emission control technologies to limit emissions. We will incur capital expenditures in the future for air pollution control equipment in connection with obtaining and maintaining operating permits and approvals for air emissions. In addition, our processing plants, pipelines and compression facilities are subject to increasingly stringent regulations, including regulations that require the installation of control technology or the implementation of work practices to control hazardous air pollutants. Moreover, the Clean Air Act requires an operating permit for major sources of emissions and this requirement applies to some of our facilities. Historically, our costs for compliance with existing Clean Air Act and comparable state law requirements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations; however, there can be no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future. The EPA and state agencies are often considering, proposing or finalizing new regulations that could impact our existing operations and the costs and timing of new infrastructure development. For example, in October 2015, the EPA published a final rule under the Clean Air Act, lowering the National Ambient Air Quality Standard (“NAAQS”) for ground-level ozone to 70 parts per billion for the 8-hour primary and secondary ozone standards. The EPA completed attainment/non-attainment designations in 2018, and states with moderate or high non-attainment areas must submit state implementation plans to the EPA by October 2021. By law, the EPA must review each NAAQS every five years. In December 2020, the EPA announced that it was retaining without revision the 2015 NAAQS for ozone. However, as mentioned above, in January 2021, the Biden administration issued an executive order directing federal agencies to review and take action to address any federal regulations or similar agency actions during the prior administration that may be inconsistent with the current administration’s stated priorities. The EPA was specifically ordered to, among other things, propose a Federal Implementation Plan for ozone standards for California, Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania and Texas by January 2022. Reclassification of areas or imposition of more stringent standards may make it more difficult to construct new or modified sources of air pollution in newly designated non-attainment areas. Also, states are expected to implement more stringent requirements as a result of this new final rule, which could apply to our customers’ operations. Compliance with this or other new regulations could, among other things, require installation of new emission controls on some of our equipment, result in longer permitting timelines, and significantly increase our capital expenditures and operating costs, which could adversely impact our business. 
Clean Water Act. The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended, (“Clean Water Act”) and comparable state laws impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of pollutants, including hydrocarbon-bearing wastes, into state waters and waters of the United States. Pursuant to the Clean Water Act and similar state laws, a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, or state permit, or both, must be obtained to discharge pollutants into federal and state waters. In addition, the Clean Water Act and comparable state laws require that individual permits or coverage under general permits be obtained by subject facilities for discharges of storm water runoff. The Clean Water Act also prohibits the discharge of dredge and fill material in regulated waters, including wetlands, unless authorized by permit. In June 2015, the EPA and the USACE published a final rule attempting to clarify the federal jurisdictional reach over “waters of the United States” (“WOTUS”), but legal challenges to this rule followed. In January 2020, a new “waters of the United States” rule was finalized to replace the June 2015 rule, defining the following four categories of waters as WOTUS: traditional navigable waters and territorial seas; perennial and intermittent tributaries to those waters; lakes, ponds and impoundments of jurisdictional waters; and wetlands adjacent to jurisdictional waters. However, legal challenges to this rulemaking are ongoing, and it is possible that the Biden Administration could propose a broader interpretation of WOTUS. As a result of these developments, the scope of jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act is uncertain at this time, but to the extent any rule expands the scope of the Clean Water Act’s jurisdiction, our operations as well as our exploration and production customers’ drilling programs could incur increased costs and delays with respect to obtaining permits for dredge and fill activities in wetland areas. 
Additionally, for over 35 years, the USACE has authorized construction, maintenance, and repair of pipelines under a streamlined Nationwide Permit (“NWP”) program. From time to time, environmental groups have challenged the NWP program, and, in April 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana determined that NWP 12 failed to comply with consultation requirements under the federal Endangered Species Act. The district court vacated NWP 12 and enjoined the issuance of new authorizations for oil and gas pipeline projects under the permit. While the district court’s order has subsequently been limited pending appeal, and NWP 12 authorizations remain available for certain oil and gas pipeline projects, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this case and its impacts on the NWP program. Additionally, in response to the vacatur, the Corps has announced a reissuance of NWP 13 for oil and natural gas pipeline activities, including certain revisions to the conditions for the use of NWP 12; however, the rulemaking may be subject to litigation or to further revision under the Biden Administration. While the full extent and impact of the vacatur is unclear at this time, we could face significant delays and financial costs if we must obtain individual permit coverage from USACE for our projects.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2020, operating earnings for the Medical Devices segment decreased 19.4 percent. The operating margin profile decreased from 30.8 percent of sales in 2019 to 25.8 percent in 2020 primarily due to lower sales and manufacturing volumes as a result of the pandemic and pricing pressures on drug eluting stents (DES) as a result of market competition in the U.S. and other major markets. 
In Abbott’s worldwide diagnostics business, sales increased 40.6 percent in 2020 and 5.9 percent in 2019, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. As was discussed above, sales growth in 2020 was driven by demand for Abbott's portfolio of COVID-19 diagnostics tests across its rapid and lab-based platforms, partially offset by lower volumes of routine laboratory testing due to the pandemic. Growth in 2019 reflected continued market penetration by the core laboratory business in the U.S. and internationally. The 2019 growth included the continued adoption by customers of Alinity, which is Abbott’s integrated family of next-generation diagnostic systems and solutions that are designed to increase efficiency by running more tests in less space, generating test results faster and minimizing human errors while continuing to provide quality results.
Abbott has regulatory approvals in the U.S., Europe, China, and other markets for the “Alinity c” and “Alinity i” instruments and has continued to build out its test menu for clinical chemistry and immunoassay diagnostics. Abbott has obtained regulatory approval for the “Alinity h” instrument for hematology in Europe and Japan. Abbott has also obtained regulatory approvals in the U.S. and Europe for the “Alinity s” (blood screening) and “Alinity m” (molecular) instruments and several testing assays.
