ALLSTATE CORP report:
Adjusted net income was $289 million  in 2018  compared to $253 million  in 2017 . The increase  was primarily due to a lower effective tax rate from the Tax Legislation and increased premiums and contract charges, partially offset by higher contract benefits . 
Premiums and contract charges   increased   2.7%  or $35 million  in 2018  compared to 2017 . The increase  primarily relates to growth in traditional life insurance as well as lower reinsurance premiums ceded. Approximately 85% of Allstate Life’s traditional life insurance premium relates to term life insurance products. 
Premiums and contract charges increased  2.4% or $30 million in 2017 compared to 2016. The increase primarily relates to higher traditional life insurance renewal premiums as well as lower levels of reinsurance premiums ceded.

BOEING CO report:
Industrial Revenue Bonds Industrial Revenue Bonds (IRB) issued by St. Louis County were used to finance the purchase and/or construction of real and personal property at our St. Louis site. Tax benefits associated with IRBs include a twelve-year property tax abatement and sales tax exemption from St. Louis County. We record these properties on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. We have also purchased the IRBs and therefore are the bondholders as well as the borrower/lessee of the properties purchased with the IRB proceeds. The liabilities and IRB assets are equal and are reported net in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the assets and liabilities associated with the IRBs were $ 271 . 
Other Indemnifications In conjunction with our sales of Electron Dynamic Devices, Inc. and Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power businesses and our BCA facilities in Wichita, Kansas and Tulsa and McAlester, Oklahoma, we agreed to indemnify, for an indefinite period, the buyers for costs relating to pre-closing environmental conditions and certain other items. We are unable to assess the potential number of future claims that may be asserted under these indemnifications, nor the amounts thereof (if any). As a result, we cannot estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnities and therefore, no liability has been recorded. To the extent that claims have been made under these indemnities and/or are probable and reasonably estimable, liabilities associated with these indemnities are included in the environmental liability disclosure in Note 13. 
In the first quarter of 2021, we issued $ 9,825 of fixed rate senior notes consisting of $ 1,325 due February 4, 2023 that bear an annual interest rate of 1.167 %, $ 3,000 due February 4, 2024 that bear an annual interest rate of 1.433 %, and $ 5,500 due February 4, 2026 that bear an annual interest rate of 2.196 %. The notes are unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The net proceeds of the issuance totaled $ 9,780 , after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. We used the net proceeds of these note issuances to repay $ 9,825 outstanding under our two-year delayed draw term loan credit agreement in the first quarter of 2021, and we repaid the remaining $ 4,000 in the fourth quarter of 2021.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Joseph A. Podwika, 57- Mr. Podwika has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since November 2019. Mr. Podwika joined Bunge from Nutrien Ltd. where he was Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. He was previously Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary with PotashCorp, where he was responsible for delivery of legal services and the corporate compliance program, in addition to corporate governance processes in his role as corporate secretary. Before joining PotashCorp, Mr. Podwika worked in the legal department of International Paper Company in Memphis, Tennessee and was in private practice with Jaeckle, Fleischmann & Mugel in Buffalo, New York. He earned an English degree with highest honors at State University of New York at Buffalo and a Juris Doctorate from Northwestern University School of Law. 
Robert Wagner, 42- Mr. Wagner has served as Chief Risk Officer since June 2019. Prior to joining Bunge, Mr. Wagner was Chief Risk Officer at Tricon International, Ltd. with global responsibility and leadership of the company’s risk management team. Prior to Tricon, he was Group Chief Risk Officer at COFCO Agri Ltd in Geneva, Switzerland, where he was responsible for leading a team to build and provide world-class risk oversight across the company’s global operations. Prior to COFCO, he held the Chief Risk Officer position for The Gavilon Group, LLC, where he was member of the firm’s Executive Committee and had responsibility for both the market risk management and credit departments. Mr. Wagner earned a Bachelor of Science degree in International Business from Minnesota State University at Moorhead and a Master of Science degree in Agricultural Economics from North Dakota State University. He also holds an M.B.A. from Creighton University. He is a member of the Board of Trustees and prior Treasurer and Chair of the Finance Committee at The Brownell Talbot School in Omaha, Nebraska 
Brian Zachman, 48 -Mr. Zachman joined the Company in January 2019 as President of Global Risk Management. Prior to that, Mr. Zachman held portfolio management positions focused on agricultural commodity derivatives, most recently with Millennium Limited Partners since 2014 and prior to that with SAC Capital from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Zachman previously worked at Bunge from 1999 to 2012, serving in a number of commercial and trading roles within Agribusiness. Prior to that, he held various commercial and merchant roles with Cargill and ConAgra. Mr. Zachman holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of Minnesota-Duluth.
