SALESFORCE INC report:
In February 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire Vlocity, Inc., a leading provider of industry-specific cloud and mobile software for approximately $1.33 billion of cash consideration. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of fiscal 2021, subject to customary closing conditions. 
In October 2019, we acquired ClickSoftware for approximately $1.4 billion. In the event that we fully integrate the operations and assets of ClickSoftware, as well as other acquired Israeli based entities into our operations, we may be subject to a potential one-time income tax charge based on an assumed Israeli statutory tax rate of 23 percent applied to the value of any transferred intangibles. Our tax provision for fiscal 2020 reflects the estimated incremental tax costs associated with the integration of ClickSoftware’s operations and assets. The timing and amount of the cash payment, if any, is uncertain and would be based upon a number of factors, including our integration plans, valuations related to intercompany transactions, the tax rate in effect at the time, potential negotiations with the taxing authorities and potential litigation. 
We believe the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and the communities in which we work and live. Delivering innovative solutions to our customers is core to our mission and, as a technology company, we have developed solutions on the Salesforce Platform that enable our customers and stakeholders to manage and affect environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters that are meaningful to them. We also believe that transparently disclosing the goals and relevant metrics related to our ESG programs will allow our stakeholders to be informed on our progress. To this end, we are working to align with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s (“FSB”) Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) and of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) by the end of fiscal 2021.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
There is a pending accounting standard that we have not implemented because the implementation date has not yet occurred. For a discussion of this pending standard, see Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. 
The effect of implementing certain accounting standards on our financial results and financial condition is often based in part on market conditions at the time of implementation of the standard and other factors we are unable to determine prior to implementation. For this reason, we are sometimes unable to estimate the effect of certain pending accounting standards until the relevant authoritative body finalizes these standards or until we implement them. 
 Years Ended December 31, ($ in millions, except per share data) 2021 2020 2019 Revenues Property and casualty insurance premiums (net of reinsurance ceded and indemnification programs of $ 1,904 , $ 1,141 and $ 1,122 )

BOEING CO report:
Included in inventory for commercial aircraft programs are amounts paid or credited in cash, or other consideration to certain airline customers, that are referred to as early issue sales consideration. Early issue sales consideration is recognized as a reduction to revenue when the delivery of the aircraft under contract occurs. If an airline customer does not perform and take delivery of the contracted aircraft, we believe that we would have the ability to recover amounts paid. However, to the extent early issue sales consideration exceeds advances and is not considered to be otherwise recoverable, it would be written off in the current period. 
We may, from time to time, incur costs in excess of the amounts required for existing contracts. If we determine the costs are probable of recovery from future orders, then we capitalize the precontract costs we incur, excluding start-up costs which are expensed as incurred. Capitalized precontract costs are included in Inventories in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Should future orders not materialize or we determine the costs are no longer probable of recovery, the capitalized costs would be written off. 
Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost, including applicable construction-period interest, less accumulated depreciation and are depreciated principally over the following estimated useful lives: new buildings and land improvements, from 10 to 40 years; and new machinery and equipment, from 4 to 20 years. The principal methods of depreciation are as follows: buildings and land improvements, 150% declining balance; and machinery and equipment, sum-of-the-years’ digits. Capitalized internal use software is included in Other assets and amortized using the straight line method over 5 years. Capitalized software as a service is included in Other assets and amortized using the straight line method over the term of the hosting arrangement which is typically no greater than 5 years. We periodically evaluate the appropriateness of remaining depreciable lives assigned to long-lived assets, including assets that may be subject to a management plan for disposition.
