SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and, in fiscal 2021, our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Display Advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage a comprehensive set of proprietary data signals to identify and engage the right users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through Verizon Media platforms, we provide advertisers the ability to programmatically buy and measure advertising across all screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services; and to buy advertising inventory using traditional advertising sales methods. 
As the digital platform reshapes the delivery of media and entertainment content, there is an increasing need for a stable, high-quality video delivery platform. Verizon Digital Media Services (VDMS) offers a scalable platform for delivering content, including live broadcasts, video on demand, games, software and websites, to our customers on their devices at any time. This platform is targeted at media and entertainment companies and other businesses focused on delivering their digital products and services through the Internet. We also expect, through the VDMS platform, to support video initiatives and offerings, such as Fios and wireless, across the business. 
We have invested in converging technologies and services involving content delivery networks, video streaming and related consumer hardware to leverage new content models. Our wireless network enables us to move towards a unified video strategy that positions us to take advantage of this growth opportunity. We began using Multimedia Broadcast Multicast Service (MBMS) technology to develop our LTE Multicast service. MBMS has the potential to enhance our network efficiency and provide our customers with access to high-quality live streaming video content.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Oilseeds, Net sales increased $1,586 million primarily due to higher soybean sales volumes and prices in our Chinese, Brazilian, European, and North American oilseed processing businesses, primarily driven by increased meal demand in China and increased oil demand in North America, higher sales volumes and prices in our European and Canadian oilseed processing businesses, and higher sales prices in our global oilseed trading and distribution businesses, partially offset by lower overall trading and distribution volumes. 
• In Grains, Net sales decreased $464 million due to lower sales volumes and prices in our grain trading and distribution businesses, lower sales volumes and prices in our European grain origination business, and lower sales prices in our Brazilian origination business. These decreases were partially offset by higher volumes in our Brazilian grain origination business driven by increased farmer selling in response to depreciation of Brazilian real versus the U.S. dollar earlier in the year, and higher volumes in our North American grain origination business driven by increased demand from China following an easing of trade restrictions in place for much of the prior year. 
Cost of goods sold increased by $435 million, or approximately 2%, to $27,749 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to $27,314 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The net increase was primarily due to the following:
