SALESFORCE INC report:
As part of our ongoing work to promote equality, we review the salaries and bonuses of our global workforce on an annual basis to ensure everyone is paid equally for equal work and close any unexplained gaps. To date, we have spent $8.7 million to ensure equal pay for equal work. We also review differences in pay for not only gender, but also race and ethnicity in the United States. 
Our employees are engaged in and actively support our commitment to equality and enhancing our Ohana culture. We support ten employee-led and founded “Ohana Groups,” which provide a community for underrepresented groups and their allies, offer professional development and mentoring opportunities, and empower employees to be responsive equality leaders in their community. This has resulted in nearly half of our employees engaging in Ohana Groups in fiscal 2019. 
Together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, and Salesforce.org, a nonprofit social enterprise, which are not included in our consolidated financial statements, to date we have given approximately $260 million to charitable organizations, logged more than 3.8 million employee volunteer hours around the world and provided more than 40,000 nonprofit and higher education organizations with the use of our service offerings for free or at a discount.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
– Write homeowners coverage through our excess and surplus lines carrier, North Light Specialty Insurance Company (“North Light”), which includes earthquake coverage (other than fire following earthquakes) that is currently ceded via quota share reinsurance. 
• Starting in the second quarter of 2017, we began writing a limited number of homeowners policies in select areas of Florida and continue to support existing customers who replace their currently-insured home with an acceptable property. Encompass withdrew from property lines in Florida in 2009. 
• Auto comprehensive damage coverage generally includes coverage for flood-related loss. We have additional catastrophe exposure, beyond the property lines, for auto customers who have purchased comprehensive damage coverage.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Segment operating income margin reflects the profitability of the segment as a percentage of revenue. Segment operating income margin is calculated by dividing total segment operating income by total segment operating revenues. 
Segment earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Segment EBITDA) , which is presented below, is a non-GAAP measure and does not purport to be an alternative to operating income (loss) as a measure of operating performance. We believe this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating operating profitability on a more variable cost basis as it excludes the depreciation and amortization expenses related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior years, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our competitors. Segment EBITDA is calculated by adding back depreciation and amortization expense to segment operating income (loss). Segment EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing Segment EBITDA by total segment operating revenues. You can find additional information about our segments in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. 
Our Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the U.S. under the Verizon brand and through wholesale and other arrangements. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios.
