BOEING CO report:
We are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials, parts and subassemblies from our suppliers and subcontractors. The most important raw materials required for our aerospace products are aluminum (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions), titanium (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions) and composites (including carbon and boron). Although alternative sources generally exist for these raw materials, qualification of the sources could take a year or more. Many major components and product equipment items are procured or subcontracted on a sole-source basis with a number of companies. 
We are dependent upon the ability of a large number of U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance specifications, quality standards and delivery schedules at our anticipated costs. While we maintain an extensive qualification and performance surveillance system to control risk associated with such reliance on third parties, failure of suppliers or subcontractors to meet commitments could adversely affect production schedules and program/contract profitability, thereby jeopardizing our ability to fulfill commitments to our customers. We are also dependent on the availability of energy sources, such as electricity, at affordable prices. 
Boeing was originally incorporated in the State of Washington in 1916 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1934. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 N. Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606 and our telephone number is (312) 544-2000.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
instrument is not terminated when a cash flow hedge is no longer effective, future gains and losses recognized on the derivative are reported in realized capital gains and losses. When a derivative instrument used in a cash flow hedge of a forecasted transaction is terminated because it is probable the forecasted transaction will not occur, the gain or loss recognized on the derivative is immediately reclassified from AOCI to realized capital gains and losses in the period that hedge accounting is no longer applied. 
Non-hedge derivative financial instruments For derivatives for which hedge accounting is not applied, the income statement effects, including fair value gains and losses and accrued periodic settlements, are reported either in realized capital gains and losses or in a single line item together with the results of the associated asset or liability for which risks are being managed. 
The Company’s business activities include securities lending transactions, which are used primarily to generate net investment income. The proceeds received in conjunction with securities lending transactions can be reinvested in short-term investments or fixed income securities. These transactions are short-term in nature, usually 30 days or less.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. As of December 31, 2019 , Bunge had tax liabilities of $53 million , including interest and penalties. At this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. See Note 14 - Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements. 
The Company's accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 - Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. The Company believes that the following discussion addresses the Company's most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
Our RMI, forward RMI purchase and sale contracts, and exchange traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. RMI are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. We estimate fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for differences in local markets. Certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. The significant unobservable inputs for RMI and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimations regarding costs of transportation and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight related adjustments in the interior of Brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in Canada. In both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums and discounts in our contracts. Changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of Cost of goods sold. If we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and Cost of goods sold could differ. Additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as inventories, unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and Cost of goods sold could differ.
