COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our strategy is to provide our members with a broad range of high-quality merchandise at prices we believe are consistently lower than elsewhere. We seek to limit most items to fast-selling models, sizes, and colors. We carry an average of approximately 3,700 active stock keeping units (SKUs) per warehouse in our core warehouse business, significantly less than other broadline retailers. We average anywhere from 8,000 to 10,000 SKUs online, some of which are also available in our warehouses. Many consumable products are offered for sale in case, carton, or multiple-pack quantities only. 
In keeping with our policy of member satisfaction, we generally accept returns of merchandise. On certain electronic items, we typically have a 90-day return policy and provide, free of charge, technical support services, as well as an extended warranty. Additional third-party warranty coverage is sold on certain electronic items. 
Ancillary businesses within or next to our warehouses provide expanded products and services, encouraging members to shop more frequently. These businesses include gas stations, pharmacies, optical dispensing centers, food courts, and hearing-aid centers. The number of warehouses with gas stations varies significantly by country, and we do not currently operate our gasoline business in Korea or China. We operated 615 gas stations at the end of 2020. Net sales for our gasoline business represented approximately 9% of total net sales in 2020.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We expect to continue to make payments for income taxes and interest on our outstanding senior notes. During the year ended December 31, 2019 , we made cash payments of $562 million and $708 million for income taxes and interest on our outstanding debt, respectively. 
The Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 Notes and 2049 Notes to redeem and repurchase $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. The repayment resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $23 million . 
The Company redeemed $411 million aggregate principal senior notes and made open market bond repurchases of $55 million during the year ended December 31, 2019 , resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $5 million .

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We capitalize interest costs incurred on funds used to construct property, plant and equipment while the asset is in its construction phase. Capitalized interest amounts become part of the historical cost of an asset and are charged to earnings (as a component of depreciation expense) on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset once the asset enters its intended service. When capitalized interest is recorded, it reduces interest expense from what it would be otherwise. Capitalized interest amounts fluctuate based on the timing of when projects are placed into service, our capital investment levels and the interest rates charged on borrowings.
Interest charged on debt principal outstanding, which is a key driver of interest expense, decreased $31.7 million year-to-year primarily due to lower debt principal amounts outstanding during 2021, which accounted for a $25.3 million decrease, and the effects of lower overall interest rates during 2021, which accounted for an additional $6.4 million decrease. Our weighted-average debt principal balance for 2021 was $29.48 billion compared to $29.91 billion for 2020. For information regarding our debt obligations, see Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
On February 25, 2020, we received notice from Marquard & Bahls AG (“M&B”) of its election to exercise its rights under the Liquidity Option Agreement among the Partnership, OTA Holdings, Inc. (a Delaware corporation previously named Oiltanking Holding Americas, Inc. (“OTA”)), and M&B dated October 1, 2014 (the “Liquidity Option Agreement”). The Partnership settled its obligations under the Liquidity Option Agreement on March 5, 2020 and indirectly assumed the deferred tax liability of OTA, which reflects OTA’s outside basis difference in the limited partner interests it received from the Partnership in October 2014.
