VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
(1) Goodwill is net of accumulated impairment charges of $ 4.8 billion, related to our historical Media reporting unit, which included Verizon Media. On September 1, 2021, we completed the sale of Verizon Media. See Note 3 for additional information. 
In the fourth quarter of 2021, we performed quantitative impairment assessments for our Consumer and Business reporting units. Our 2021 quantitative impairment assessments indicate that the fair values for our Consumer and Business reporting units exceeded their carrying values and therefore did not result in an impairment. We performed qualitative impairment assessments for our Consumer and Business reporting units during the fourth quarters of 2020 and 2019, which indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair values of our Consumer and Business reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values and therefore did not result in impairment. 
We performed a quantitative impairment assessment for our historical Media reporting unit in 2019. During the fourth quarter of 2019, consistent with our accounting policy, we applied a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method reflecting current assumptions and inputs, including our revised projections, discount rate and expected growth rates, which resulted in the determination that the fair value of the historical Media reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. As a result, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of approximately $ 186 million ($ 176 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2019 in our consolidated statement of income. The goodwill balance of the historical Media reporting unit had been fully written off as a result of this impairment charge.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The following number of shares of common stock were reserved and available for future issuance at January 31, 2023 (in millions):  
The Company’s board of directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. The Company’s board of directors may designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms and number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on the Company’s common stock, diluting the voting power of its common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of its common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, no shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 
In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $ 10.0 billion of the Company’s common stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). In February 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $ 10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorized of $ 20.0 billion. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of common stock may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as part of accelerated share repurchases and other methods. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions.

BOEING CO report:
(2) The negative amount represents the sum, for all aircraft subject to fair value measurement, of all downward adjustments based on consideration of individual aircraft attributes and condition. The positive amount represents the sum of all such upward adjustments. 
The fair values and related carrying values of financial instruments that are not required to be remeasured at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at December 31 were as follows: 
The fair values of notes receivable are estimated with discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The fair value of our debt that is traded in the secondary market is classified as Level 2 and is based on current market yields. For our debt that is not traded in the secondary market, the fair value is classified as Level 2 and is based on our indicative borrowing cost derived from dealer quotes or discounted cash flows. The fair values of our debt classified as Level 3 are based on discounted cash flow models using the implied yield from similar securities. With regard to other financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of our indemnifications and financing commitments because the amount and timing of those arrangements are uncertain. Items not included in the above disclosures include cash, restricted cash, time deposits and other deposits, commercial paper, money market funds, Accounts receivable, Unbilled receivables, Other current assets, Accounts payable and long-term payables. The carrying values of those items, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, approximate their fair value at December 31, 2021 and 2020. The fair value of assets and liabilities whose carrying value approximates fair value is determined using Level 2 inputs, with the exception of cash (Level 1).
