ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the European Union (EU), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the European In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Directive, depends upon the category, with certain product categories requiring review and approval by an independent company, known as a Notified Body, before the manufacturer can affix a CE mark to the product to declare conformity to the Directive. Other products only require a self-certification process. In 2017, the EU adopted the new In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replaces the existing directive in the EU for in vitro diagnostic products and imposes additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. In December 2021, the IVDR was amended to extend the regulation’s previous two-year transition period by one to three years, with the transition period extending to May 2027 for certain devices. However, the amendment does not delay the date of application of the IVDR itself which will take effect on May 26, 2022.
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., medical devices are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott’s medical device products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 52 Weeks Ended August 28, 2022 August 29, 2021 August 30, 2020 REVENUE Net sales $ 222,730   $ 192,052   $ 163,220   Membership fees 4,224   3,877   3,541   Total revenue 226,954   195,929   166,761   OPERATING EXPENSES Merchandise costs 199,382   170,684   144,939   Selling, general and administrative 19,779   18,537   16,387   Operating income 7,793   6,708   5,435   OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Interest expense ( 158 ) ( 171 ) ( 160 ) Interest income and other, net 205   143   92   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 7,840   6,680   5,367   Provision for income taxes 1,925   1,601   1,308   Net income including noncontrolling interests 5,915   5,079   4,059   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The adoption and implementation of any international, federal or state legislation or regulations that require reporting of GHGs or otherwise restrict emissions of GHGs could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, demand for our services, results of operations, and cash flows. Recently, activists concerned about the potential effects of climate change have directed their attention at sources of funding for fossil-fuel energy companies, which has resulted in certain financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital restricting or eliminating their investment in oil and natural gas activities. Ultimately, this could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration and production or midstream activities. Notwithstanding potential risks related to climate change, the International Energy Agency estimates that global energy demand will continue to rise and will not peak until after 2040 and that oil and natural gas will continue to represent a substantial percentage of global energy use over that time. Finally, some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHG in the atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such 
Some have suggested that one consequence of climate change could be increased severity of extreme weather, such as increased hurricanes and floods. If such effects were to occur, our operations could be adversely affected in various ways, including damages to our facilities from powerful winds or rising waters, or increased costs for insurance. Another possible consequence of climate change is increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. The market for our NGLs and natural gas is generally improved by periods of colder weather and impaired by periods of warmer weather, so any changes in climate could affect the market for the fuels that we produce. Despite the use of the term “global warming” as a shorthand for climate change, some studies indicate that climate change could cause some areas to experience temperatures substantially colder than their historical averages. As a result, it is difficult to predict how the market for our products could be affected by increased temperature volatility, although if there is an overall trend of warmer temperatures, it would be expected to have an adverse effect on our business. 
Employee Health and Safety.   We are subject to the requirements of the federal OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. In addition, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’s hazard communication standard requires that information be maintained about hazardous materials used or produced in operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and citizens. Historically, our costs for OSHA required activities, including general industry standards, recordkeeping requirements, and monitoring of occupational exposure to regulated substances, have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations but there is no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future.
