BOEING CO report:
We are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials, parts and subassemblies from our suppliers and subcontractors. The most important raw materials required for our aerospace products are aluminum (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions), titanium (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions) and composites (including carbon and boron). Although alternative sources generally exist for these raw materials, qualification of the sources could take a year or more. Many major components and product equipment items are procured or subcontracted on a sole-source basis with a number of companies. 
We are dependent upon the ability of a large number of U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance specifications, quality standards and delivery schedules at our anticipated costs. While we maintain an extensive qualification and performance surveillance system to control risk associated with such reliance on third parties, failure of suppliers or subcontractors to meet commitments could adversely affect production schedules and program/contract profitability, thereby jeopardizing our ability to fulfill commitments to our customers. We are also dependent on the availability of energy sources, such as electricity, at affordable prices. 
Boeing was originally incorporated in the State of Washington in 1916 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1934. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 N. Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606 and our telephone number is (312) 544-2000.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In May 2019, an employee filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp . (Case No. 2:19-cv-01340; E.D. Cal.). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. In September 2021, the court granted Costco’s motion for partial summary judgment and denied class certification. In August 2019, the plaintiff filed a companion case in state court seeking penalties under PAGA. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. FCS053454; Sonoma County Superior Court). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The state court action has been stayed pending resolution of the federal action. 
In December 2020, a former employee filed suit against the Company asserting collective and class claims on behalf of non-exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act and New York Labor Law for failure to pay for all hours worked, failure to pay certain non-exempt employees on a weekly basis, and failure to provide proper wage statements and notices. The plaintiff also asserted individual retaliation claims. Cappadora v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 1:20-cv-06067; E.D.N.Y.). An amended complaint was filed, and the Company denied the material allegations of the amended complaint. Based on an agreement in principle concerning settlement of the matter, involving a proposed payment by the Company of an immaterial amount, the federal action has been dismissed. In April 2022, Cappadora and a second plaintiff filed an action against the Company in New York state court asserting the same class claims asserted in the federal action under the New York Labor Law and seeking preliminary approval of the class settlement. Cappadora and Sancho v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Index No. 604757/2022; Nassau County Supreme Court). 
In August 2021, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting class claims on behalf of certain non-exempt employees under New York Labor Law for failure to pay on a weekly basis. Umadat v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:21-cv-4814; E.D.N.Y.). The Company answered the complaint on October 21, 2021, denying the material allegations. In April 2022, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting class claims on behalf of certain non-exempt employees under New York Labor Law, as well as under the Fair Labor Standards Act, for failure to pay on a weekly basis and failure to pay overtime. Burian v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:22-cv-02108; E.D.N.Y.).

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
The Company establishes reserves for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense on reported and unreported claims of insured losses. Using established industry and actuarial best practices as well as the Company’s historical claims experience, the reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense is estimated based on (i) claims reported, (ii) claims incurred but not reported, and (iii) projections of claim payments to be made in the future.
