SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company maintains the following stock plans: the ESPP, the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (“2014 Inducement Plan”). Options issued have terms of seven years . 
The fair value of each stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions and fair value per share:    Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Volatility 34 - 40 
The Company estimated its future stock price volatility considering both its observed option-implied volatilities and its historical volatility calculations. Management believes this is the best estimate of the expected volatility over the expected life of its stock options and stock purchase rights.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
At December 31, 2020, undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries indefinitely invested outside the U.S. amounted to approximately $ 5.0 billion. The majority of Verizon's cash flow is generated from domestic operations and we are not dependent on foreign cash or earnings to meet our funding requirements, nor do we intend to repatriate these undistributed foreign earnings to fund U.S. operations. Furthermore, a portion of these undistributed earnings represents amounts that legally must be kept in reserve in accordance with certain foreign jurisdictional requirements and are unavailable for distribution or repatriation. As a result, we have not provided U.S. deferred taxes on these undistributed earnings because we intend that they will remain indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. and therefore unavailable for use in 
At December 31, 2020, we had net after-tax loss and credit carry forwards for income tax purposes of approximately $ 2.8 billion that primarily relate to state and foreign taxes. Of these net after-tax loss and credit carry forwards, approximately $ 1.7 billion will expire between 2021 and 2040 and approximately $ 1.1 billion may be carried forward indefinitely. 
During 2020, the valuation allowance decreased approximately $ 77 million. The $ 2.2 billion valuation allowance at December 31, 2020 as well as the 2020 activity is primarily related to state and foreign taxes.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
All market risk benefit product features will be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in net income with the exception of changes in the fair value attributable to changes in the reporting entity’s own credit risk, which are required to be recognized in OCI. Substantially all of the Company’s market risk benefits are reinsured and therefore these impacts are not expected to be material to the Company. 
The new guidance will be included in the comparable financial statements issued in reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2021, thereby requiring restatement of prior periods presented. Early adoption is permitted. The new guidance will be applied to affected contracts and DAC on the basis of existing carrying amounts at the earliest period presented or retrospectively using actual historical experience as of contract inception. The new guidance for market risk benefits is required to be adopted retrospectively. 
The Company is evaluating the anticipated impacts of applying the new guidance to both retained income and AOCI. The requirements of the new guidance represent a material change from existing GAAP, however, the underlying economics of the business and related cash flows are unchanged. The Company is evaluating the specific impacts of adopting the new guidance and anticipates the financial statement impact of adopting the new guidance to be material, largely attributed to the impact of transitioning to a discount rate based on an upper-medium grade fixed income investment yield
