COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization announced that COVID-19 infections had become a pandemic, and shortly afterward the U.S. declared a National Emergency. The outbreak has led to widespread and continuing impacts on the global economy and is affecting many aspects of our business and the operations of others with which we do business. In our response to the pandemic and in an effort to protect our members and employees, we have taken several measures, as described in Item 1A Risk Factors, and their implications on our results of operations have impacted us across all our reportable segments to varying degrees. Throughout the pandemic our warehouses have largely remained open as a result of being deemed an “essential business” in most markets and resulted in strong sales increases in our food and sundries and fresh foods merchandise categories compared to pre-pandemic time periods. This growth in certain of our core business categories has led to improved gross margin and SG&A percentages as we leveraged these sales to achieve greater efficiency. Our e-commerce business has also benefited, as more members have shopped online during the pandemic. Conversely, we have experienced decreases in both the sales and profitability of many of our ancillary and other businesses due to temporary closures or limited demand. Additionally, we paid $564 in incremental wage and sanitation costs during 2020 related to COVID-19. 
U.S. 8 % 8 % 9 % Canada 5 % 2 % 9 % Other International 9 % 2 % 11 % Total Company 8 % 6 % 9 % Increases in comparable sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency and gasoline prices (1) : 
Net sales increased $13,869 or 9% during 2020, primarily due to an 8% increase in comparable sales and sales at new warehouses opened in 2019 and 2020. During the second half of 2020, we experienced a significant sales shift from certain of our ancillary and other businesses to our core merchandise categories, primarily food and sundries and fresh foods, as a result of COVID-19. This shift was largely driven by price deflation and lower volume in our gasoline business; temporary closures of most of our optical, hearing aid and photo departments; limited service in our food courts; and minimal demand in our travel business.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Purchase orders are not included in the table above. Our purchase orders represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. The contractual commitment amounts in the table above are associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum services to be used; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in the table above. 
During fiscal 2020 and in future fiscal years, we have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. Additionally, we expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars and remain consistent as a percentage of total revenues in future periods as a result of such investments and continued office build-outs, other leasehold improvements and data center investments. 
In November 2019, we entered into an agreement to purchase two real estate assets in San Francisco, California for approximately $150 million. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, subject to customary closing conditions.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the Affordable Care Act) includes provisions known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, and medical supplies covered under Medicare and Medicaid to record any transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and to report this data to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for subsequent public disclosure. In October 2018, the Substance Use Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act significantly expanded the types of healthcare providers for which reporting is required, beginning with reports filed in 2022. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level domestically, and an increasing number of governments worldwide either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. Failure to report appropriate data may result in civil or criminal fines and/or penalties. 
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification, including expansion or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act. 
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information, financial information and other sensitive personal information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, China, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California, Virginia, and Colorado) have enacted data protection laws that contain significant compliance obligations and financial penalties for noncompliance. In addition, regulators with general consumer protection authority, such as the Federal Trade Commission and U.S. states Attorneys General, are focused on how consumer data is used by entities in the health care industry. Further, there are regulations of data privacy and security that are specific to health care companies. For example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in business disruption and enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area.
