VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Global Enterprise offers services to large businesses, which are identified based on their size and volume of business with Verizon, as well as non-U.S. public sector customers. In 2019 , Global Enterprise revenues were $10.8 billion , representing approximately 34% of Business’s total revenues. 
Global Enterprise offers a broad portfolio of connectivity, security and professional services designed to enable our customers to optimize their business operations, mitigate business risks and capitalize on data. These services include the following: 
Network Services . We offer a portfolio of network connectivity products to help our customers connect with their employees, partners, vendors, and customers. These products include private networking services, private cloud connectivity services, virtual and software defined networking services, and Internet access services.

SALESFORCE INC report:
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the determination of the fair value of customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets. This included controls over management’s development of the above described assumptions used in the valuation models applied. 
To test the estimated fair value of the customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions used in the valuation model, including validating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the assumptions and estimates. We performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the assets that would result from changes in the assumptions and compared the more sensitive significant assumptions used by management to current industry and competitor data and the Company’s own historical results. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management’s estimates for previous acquisitions. In addition, we involved a valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and the significant assumptions underlying the fair value estimates. 
We have audited salesforce.com, inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, salesforce.com, inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2020, based on the COSO criteria.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Property catastrophe exposure is managed with the goal of providing shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in the property business. Catastrophe exposure management includes purchasing reinsurance to provide coverage for known exposure to hurricanes, earthquakes and fires following earthquakes, wildfires and other catastrophes. Our current catastrophe reinsurance program supports our risk tolerance framework that targets less than a 1% likelihood of annual aggregate catastrophe losses from hurricanes, earthquakes and wildfires, excluding other catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, exceeding $2.5 billion. 
The use of different assumptions and updates to industry models and to our risk transfer program could materially change the projected loss. Growth strategies include areas where we believe diversification can be enhanced and an appropriate return can be earned for the risk. As a result, our modeled exposure may increase, but in aggregate remain lower than $2.5 billion as noted above. In addition, we have exposure to other severe weather events, which impact catastrophe losses. 
In the U.S., we offer products through 9,300 Allstate exclusive agents operating in 9,400 locations, supported by 21,700 licensed sales professionals, and 800 exclusive financial specialists. We also offer products through 7,800 independent agents, contact centers, online and Market Sales Associates, a new employee model. In Canada, we offer Allstate brand products through 1,000 employee sales agents.
