MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax laws and that we have properly accounted for uncertain tax positions. We recognize tax benefits in our financial statements from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The amount we recognize is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon resolution. We evaluate uncertain tax positions on an ongoing basis and adjust the amount recognized in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or expiration of a statute of limitations. We believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of uncertain tax positions are reasonable. However, final determination of historical tax liabilities, whether by settlement with tax authorities, judicial or administrative ruling or due to expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected on our consolidated balance sheet and historical income tax provisions. The outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our provision for income taxes, net earnings or cash flows in the period in which the determination is made. 
As a result of U.S. tax reform and the related SEC guidance, we finalized our accounting for the legislation based on guidance that was issued prior to 2018 year end and included updates to the prior provisional estimates in our 2018 consolidated financial statements. See Note 15, Income Taxes , for further discussion of the amounts recorded related to U.S. tax reform in our financial statements, as well as additional information on our effective tax rate, current and deferred taxes, valuation allowances and unrecognized tax benefits. 
We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facilities, short-term borrowings and our authorized long-term financing will provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures and future payments of our U.S. tax reform transition tax liability, contractual and benefit plan obligations, share repurchases and quarterly dividends. We continue to utilize our commercial paper program, international credit lines and long-term debt issuances for our funding requirements. We also use intercompany loans with our international subsidiaries to improve financial flexibility. Overall, we do not expect any negative effects to our funding sources that would have a material effect on our liquidity.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Shin Oak NGL Pipeline (“Shin Oak”) transports NGL production from the Permian Basin to our NGL fractionation and storage complex located at the Mont Belvieu hub. In February 2019, the 24-inch diameter mainline segment of Shin Oak from Orla, Texas to Mont Belvieu was placed into limited service with an initial transportation capacity of 250 MBPD. In June 2019, an additional pipeline segment, the 20-inch diameter Waha lateral, was placed into service and increased Shin Oak’s transportation capacity to 350 MBPD. We completed construction of the remaining components of Shin Oak in the fourth quarter of 2019, which increased its transportation capacity to 550 MBPD.
In May 2018, we granted Apache Midstream LLC (“Apache”) an option to acquire up to a 33% equity interest in our consolidated subsidiary that owns Shin Oak. In November 2018, Apache contributed this option to Altus Midstream Processing LP (“Altus”), which is a consolidated subsidiary of Apache. In July 2019, Altus exercised the option and acquired a 33% equity interest (effective July 31, 2019) in our subsidiary that owns Shin Oak. As a result, we received a $440.7 million cash payment from Altus, which is included in contributions from noncontrolling interests as presented on our Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2019.
In July 2019, we announced expansion projects at EHT that are expected to increase our loading capacity for crude oil and LPG at the terminal. With respect to crude oil, we are adding an eighth deep-water ship dock at EHT that is expected to increase our crude oil loading capacity by 840 MBPD, thereby increasing our overall nameplate crude oil loading capacity at EHT to 2.75 MMBPD, or nearly 83 MMBbls per month. The new dock is designed to accommodate a Suezmax vessel, which is the largest ship class that can navigate the Houston Ship Channel, and is scheduled to be placed into service during the fourth quarter of 2020.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our land segment has grown primarily through acquisitions as we seek to build out our land fuel distribution capabilities in the U.S. and the U.K. Recently, our land segment has been negatively impacted by our decision to reposition the portfolio and reduce certain supply and trading activities which were not generating a sufficient or predictable economic return as a result of market conditions. In addition, our operating results in the U.S. and U.K. have been adversely impacted in the past by unseasonably warm winter weather conditions and accordingly, our results will continue to be impacted by future weather patterns. Meanwhile, our land segment has benefited from strong sales to government customers, including NATO in Afghanistan, and we expect such activity to remain generally consistent in 2019. We continue to focus on rationalizing our portfolio, exiting certain non-core activities, and reorienting our activities towards supplying more sustainable end-user demand to provide greater leverage and ratability in our operating model. We are also focused on driving operational excellence, realizing the synergies associated with our previous acquisitions, and improving our technology platform to reduce transaction processing costs. 
Our marine segment results have improved over the course of 2018 despite the weak overall conditions within the global shipping markets. We believe overall volumes in our marine segment have stabilized and higher average fuel prices, combined with the effects of our cost savings initiatives, have improved profitability. The implementation of mandatory fuel standards, such as the IMO's regulations limiting sulfur in fuel oil used on ships that will be effective on January 1, 2020, may provide additional opportunities for us to create value-added solutions for our customers and further enhance profitability. 
As a result of the challenges in the markets where we operate, we continue to rationalize our operating model and portfolio of businesses to gain efficiencies through various initiatives that are ongoing throughout the company. We are investing in automation and technology throughout our businesses, which we expect will ultimately lower our cost, reduce cycle time and improve scalability. Furthermore, we continue to implement our enterprise-wide restructuring plan, designed to streamline the organization and reallocate resources to align more effectively our organizational structure and costs with our ultimate strategy to improve operating efficiencies. The restructuring program involves rationalizing non-core businesses and investments, refining our organizational structure, and advancing business prospects in the markets we serve, as well as exiting certain business activities and reinventing our core businesses to improve scalability. We expect this portfolio rationalization will free up additional capital to invest in activities with sustainable revenue and adequate returns while we continue to manage our working capital and inventory in a volatile fuel price environment.
