VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In the Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other markets, competition remains high, primarily as a result of increased industry focus on technology convergence. We compete in this area with system integrators, carriers, and hardware and software providers. In addition, some of the largest information technology services companies are making strategic acquisitions, divesting non-strategic assets and forging new alliances to improve their cost structure. Many new alliances and acquisitions have focused on emerging fields, such as cloud computing, software defined network, communication applications and other computing tasks via networks, rather than by the use of in-house machines. 
In the Small and Medium Business market, customer purchasing behaviors and preferences continue to evolve. Solution speed and simplicity with user interfaces that have a consumer-like "look and feel" are becoming key differentiators for customers who are seeking full life-cycle offers that simplify the process of starting, running and growing their businesses. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. 
Our Wholesale business competes with traditional carriers for long-haul, voice and IP services. In addition, mobile video and data needs are driving a greater need for wireless backhaul. Network providers, cable companies and niche players are competitors for this business opportunity.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Combined ratio : is the sum of the loss ratio and the expense ratio. The difference between 100% and the combined ratio represents underwriting income as a percentage of premiums earned, or underwriting margin. 
Effect of catastrophe losses on combined ratio : the ratio of catastrophe losses included in claims and claims expense to premiums earned. This ratio includes prior year reserve reestimates of catastrophe losses. 
Effect of prior year reserve reestimates on combined ratio : the ratio of prior year reserve reestimates included in claims and claims expense to premiums earned. This ratio includes prior year reserve reestimates of catastrophe losses.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and accounts receivable. Collateral is not required for accounts receivable. The Company maintains an allowance for its doubtful accounts receivable due to estimated credit losses. This allowance is based upon historical loss patterns, the number of days that billings are past due, an evaluation of the potential risk of loss associated with delinquent accounts and current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss patterns. The Company records the allowance against bad debt expense through the consolidated statement of operations, included in general and administrative expense, up to the amount of revenues recognized to date. Any incremental allowance is recorded as an offset to unearned revenue on the consolidated balance sheet. Receivables are written off and charged against the recorded allowance when the Company has exhausted collection efforts without success. 
No single customer accounted for more than five percent of accounts receivable at January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020. No single customer accounted for five percent or more of total revenue during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. As of January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020, assets located outside the Americas were 15 percent and 12 percent of total assets, respectively. As of January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020, assets located in the United States were 82 percent and 87 percent of total assets, respectively. 
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio. As of January 31, 2021, the Company held one publicly traded investment with a carrying value that was approximately 35 percent of its total strategic investments, one publicly traded investment with a carrying value greater than 15 percent of its total strategic investments, and one privately held investment with a carrying value that was individually greater than five percent of its strategic investment portfolio. The two publicly held investments represented 53 percent of the total balance of the Company’s strategic investments as of January 31, 2021. As of January 31, 2020, the Company held five investments that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments, of which one was publicly traded and four were privately held.
