VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In June 2015, we completed our acquisition of AOL Inc. (AOL), a leader in digital content and advertising. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing was approximately $3.8 billion . 
In April 2016, we completed the sale (Access Line Sale) of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas, including Fios Internet and video customers, switched and special access lines and high-speed Internet service and long distance voice accounts in these three states to Frontier Communications Corporation (Frontier) for approximately $10.5 billion (approximately $7.3 billion net of income taxes), subject to certain adjustments and including the assumption of $612 million of indebtedness from Verizon by Frontier. The transaction included the acquisition by Frontier of the equity interests of Verizon’s incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) in California, Florida and Texas. 
The transaction resulted in Frontier acquiring approximately 3.3 million voice connections, 1.6 million Fios Internet subscribers, 1.2 million Fios video subscribers and the related ILEC businesses from Verizon. Approximately 9,300 Verizon employees who served customers in California, Florida and Texas continued employment with Frontier.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Nationwide Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Program (the “Nationwide Program”) provides $4.5 billion  of reinsurance coverage subject to a $500 million  retention and is subject to the amount of reinsurance placed in each of its nine layers. The Nationwide Program comprises four  agreements: the Per Occurrence Excess Agreement, the 2014-1 PCS Agreement, the 2017-1 Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract and the 2018-1 Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract. 
Per Occurrence Excess Agreement , which is placed in the traditional reinsurance market, reinsures personal lines property and automobile excess catastrophe losses caused by multiple perils in every state except New Jersey and only includes personal lines automobile excess catastrophe losses in Florida. The agreement comprises layers one through six and portions of layer eight. Coverage for each of the first through fifth layers comprises three  contracts, with each contract providing one-third of 95%  of the total layer limit and expiring May 31, 2019, May 31, 2020 and May 31, 2021. The contracts for each layers one through five include one mandatory reinstatement of limits per year, with premium required. 
$517 million  of reinsurance recoveries, including expenses, exhausted layers one through two and partially exhausted layer three due to the impact of the Camp Fire in the fourth quarter of 2018. The Company’s net loss also included $60 million  of reinsurance premiums that were accelerated in conjunction with the reinstatement of these layers as of December 31, 2018, and $30 million  of incremental reinstatement premiums to be recognized in 2019.
