VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our primary network technology platform is 4G LTE, which provides higher data throughput performance for data services at a lower cost compared to that offered by 3G technologies. In addition, over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services.   
Our 4G LTE network is available in approximately 500 markets covering approximately 331 million people, including those in areas served by our LTE in Rural America partners. Under this program, we have collaborated with wireless carriers in rural areas to build and operate a 4G LTE network using each carrier’s network assets and our core 4G LTE equipment and 700 megahertz (MHz) C Block and Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) spectrum. We currently have 21 LTE in Rural America partners that provide 4G LTE coverage to an area covering approximately three million people. 
We consider the reliability, coverage and speed of our wireless network as key factors for our continued success and we strive to provide our customers with the highest network reliability for their wireless services. We believe that steady and consistent network and platform investments provide the foundation for innovative products and services that will fuel profitable growth.

SALESFORCE INC report:
that power today's customer experiences. With the Customer 360 Platform, enterprises drive digital transformation at scale by building applications for any business need. The Customer 360 Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Salesforce Customer 360 Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. The Customer 360 Platform also includes our Heroku Engagement Platform, which enables developers to build, run and operate applications entirely in the cloud. 
Integration. MuleSoft Anypoint Platform enables our customers to connect any system, application, data or device, whether in the cloud or on-premises, on a unified platform using application networks instead of inflexible custom code. By unlocking data across their enterprise, our customers can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Analytics . Tableau and Einstein Analytics offer customers intelligent analytics capabilities so they can better understand their business data. By providing self-service analytical technology to customers, they are intended to improve our customers' decision-making and allow customers to take action from any device.

BOEING CO report:
In the third quarter of 2016, we recorded incremental tax benefits of $ 440 related to the application of a 2012 Federal Court of Claims decision which held that the tax basis in certain assets could be increased (tax basis adjustment). 
The TCJA one-time repatriation tax and GILTI liabilities effectively taxed the undistributed earnings previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. We have not provided for foreign withholding tax on the undistributed earnings from our non-U.S. subsidiaries because such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. If such earnings were to be distributed, any foreign withholding tax would not be significant. 
As of December 31, 2018 and 2017 , the amounts accrued for the payment of income tax-related interest and penalties included in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position were not significant. The amounts of interest included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations were not significant for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 .
