COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted to employees generally vest over five years and allow for quarterly vesting of the pro-rata number of stock-based awards that would vest on the next anniversary of the grant date in the event of retirement or voluntary termination. Actual forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
Compensation expense for stock-based awards is predominantly recognized using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. Awards for employees and non-employee directors provide for accelerated vesting based on cumulative years of service with the Company. Compensation expense for the accelerated shares is recognized upon achievement of the long-service term. The cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized at any point in time equals at least the portion of the grant-date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. The fair value of RSUs is calculated as the market value of the common stock on the measurement date less the present value of the expected dividends forgone during the vesting period. 
Stock-based compensation expense is predominantly included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Certain stock-based compensation costs are capitalized or included in the cost of merchandise. See Note 7 for additional information on the Company’s stock-based compensation plans.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• flexible working arrangements around the globe to enable our employees to better balance work and personal commitments, which were expanded during the COVID-19 pandemic to support our employees’ health and safety. 
Our DE&I objective is to foster a culture of equity, inclusion, and mutual respect. We emphasize our DE&I focus through Mosaic – our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion activation. Mosaic covers a range of initiatives, including: Unconscious Bias, Respect & Integrity; Allyship; Recruitment and Career Development; Content Diversity; Supplier Diversity; and Social Impact. 
We sponsor over 30 chapters of Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”) across the globe with more than 2,500 members. ERGs draw upon their collection of unique experiences to help drive our mission of fostering a diverse and inclusive environment and provide important insights to our diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
At March 5, 2020, the Partnership’s liability recognized in connection with the Liquidity Option Agreement was $511.9 million (referred to as the “Liquidity Option liability”). Upon settlement of the Liquidity Option Agreement, the Liquidity Option liability was effectively replaced by the deferred tax liability of OTA calculated in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . Since the book value of the Liquidity Option liability exceeded OTA’s estimated deferred tax liability of $439.7 million on that date, we recognized a non-cash benefit in earnings of $72.2 million, which is reflected in the “Benefit from (provision for) income taxes” line on our Statement of Consolidated Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. OTA recognized an additional net, non-cash deferred income tax benefit of $83.1 million which reflected a decrease in the outside basis difference of its investment in the Partnership caused by a decline in the market price of the Partnership’s common units subsequent to March 5, 2020 through September 30, 2020. In total, our earnings for 2020 reflect $155.3 million of deferred income tax benefit attributable to OTA. 
On September 30, 2020, OTA exchanged the Partnership common units it owned for non-publicly traded preferred units having a stated value of $1,000 per unit. As a result and beginning September 30, 2020, OTA’s deferred tax liability no longer fluctuates due to market price changes in our common units.
Our operations are reported under four business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services, (ii) Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, (iii) Natural Gas Pipelines & Services and (iv) Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed according to the types of services rendered (or technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold.
