WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Upon formation of Magnolia, Discovery received a 75 % ownership interest in the joint venture. In exchange for providing services and exclusivity to the joint venture, the Gaines received a 25 % ownership interest in the joint venture, a put right after 6.5 years at fair value, potential for an additional 5 % incentive equity, and certain guaranteed payments. Discovery consolidated the joint venture under the voting interest consolidation model. Payments to the Gaines for rendering services in their capacity as the Chief Creative Officers of the joint venture will be accounted for as liability-classified share-based awards to non-employees as services are rendered. 
On May 13, 2019, the Company paid $ 36 million in cash to acquire Golf Digest, a leading golf brand whose content is available across multiple platforms, including print and social media. The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to Golf Digest, and recorded net assets of $ 36 million, including net working capital liabilities of $ 12 million, intangible assets of $ 25 million and goodwill of $ 23 million. The measurement period closed in May 2020, with no material adjustments recorded. Intangible assets consist of trademarks and trade names and licensing agreements and have a weighted average useful life of 9 years. The goodwill reflects the workforce and synergies expected from broader exposure to the golf entertainment sector. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition is included in the International Networks reportable segment and is not amortizable for tax purposes. 
The Company’s equity investments consisted of the following, net of investments recorded in other noncurrent liabilities (in millions).  Category Balance Sheet Location Ownership December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Equity method investments: nC+ Equity method investments

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our policy limits investments in the U.S. to direct U.S. government and government agency obligations, repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government and government agency obligations, U.S. government and government agency money market funds, and insured bank balances. Our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary invests in U.S. government and government agency obligations and U.S. government and government agency money market funds. Our Canadian and Other International subsidiaries’ investments are primarily in money market funds, bankers’ acceptances, and bank certificates of deposit, generally denominated in local currencies. 
A 100 basis point change in interest rates as of the end of 2022 would have had an immaterial incremental change in fair market value. For those investments that are classified as available-for-sale, the unrealized gains or losses related to fluctuations in market volatility and interest rates are reflected within stockholders’ equity in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The nature and amount of our long-term debt may vary as a result of business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. As of the end of 2022, long-term debt with fixed interest rates was $6,590. Fluctuations in interest rates may affect the fair value of the fixed-rate debt. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more information on our long-term debt.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The fair value information presented in the sensitivity analysis tables excludes the impact of applying Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”) Rule 814, which deems that financial instruments cleared by the CME are settled daily in connection with variation margin payments. As a result of this exchange rule, CME-related derivatives are considered to have no fair value at the balance sheet date for financial reporting purposes; however, the derivatives remain outstanding and subject to future commodity price fluctuations until they are settled in accordance with their contractual terms. Derivative transactions cleared on exchanges other than the CME (e.g., the Intercontinental Exchange or ICE) continue to be reported on a gross basis.
We may utilize interest rate swaps, forward-starting swaps, options to enter into forward-starting swaps (“swaptions”), treasury locks and similar derivative instruments to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates charged on borrowings under certain consolidated debt agreements. This strategy may be used in controlling our overall cost of capital associated with such borrowings.The price of energy commodities such as natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market conditions and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. In order to manage such price risks, we enter into commodity derivative instruments such as physical forward contracts, futures contracts, fixed-for-float swaps and basis swaps.
At December 31, 2022, our predominant commodity hedging strategies consisted of (i) hedging anticipated future purchases and sales of commodity products associated with transportation, storage and blending activities, (ii) hedging the fair value of commodity products held in inventory and (iii) hedging natural gas processing margins. For a summary of our portfolio of commodity derivative instruments outstanding, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report .
The following tables show the effect of hypothetical price movements on the estimated fair values of our principal commodity derivative instrument portfolios at the dates indicated (dollars in millions).
