UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
• Spending on buildings, facilities and plant equipment increased, largely due to facility automation and capacity expansion projects in our global small package business. Expenditures in the fourth quarter more than offset the impact of supply chain disruptions that we experienced earlier in the year. 
Proceeds from the disposal of businesses, property, plant and equipment decreased, primarily due to the 2021 divestiture of UPS Freight for cash proceeds of $848 million. Net purchases of marketable securities increased due to a shift to longer duration investments. The net change in finance receivables was primarily due to reductions in outstanding balances within our finance portfolios. 
The increase in cash paid for acquisitions in 2022 was primarily attributable to the acquisitions of Bomi Group and Delivery Solutions, and the purchase of development areas for The UPS Store. Cash paid for acquisitions in 2021 related to the acquisition of Roadie and the purchase of development areas for The UPS Store. The increase in other investing activities was driven by our investment of $252 million in the parent company of CommerceHub, Inc., as well as changes in our other non-current investments and various other items.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2020, our remaining performance obligation was $30.8 billion. Our remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and includes unearned revenue, which has been invoiced and is recorded on the balance sheet, and unbilled amounts that are not recorded on the balance sheet, that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. 
We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our revolving loan credit agreement that provides for $1.0 billion unsecured financing ("Credit Facility") and unbilled amounts related to contracted non-cancelable subscription agreements, which is not reflected on the balance sheet, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. 
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, impacting our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $39 million in 2018, $109 million in 2017 and $325 million in 2016. These tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to AbbVie's operations for years prior to the separation. 
In September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for $4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $728 million in 2017 related to the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. For 2017 and 2016, the AMO earnings (losses) before taxes included in Abbott's consolidated earnings were $(18) million and $30 million, respectively. 
As discussed in Note 7 — Business Acquisitions, in conjunction with the acquisition of Alere, Abbott sold the Triage MeterPro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and liabilities related to its B-type Natriuretic Peptide assay business run on Beckman Coulter analyzers to Quidel Corporation (Quidel). The legal transfer of certain assets related to these businesses did not occur at the close of the sale to Quidel due to, among other factors, the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and other regulatory requirements in various countries. Under the terms of the sale agreement with Abbott, Quidel is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. The assets presented as held for disposition in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, primarily relate to the businesses sold to Quidel.
