MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
As of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the estimated potential one-day loss in fair value of our interest rate-sensitive instruments, primarily debt, and the estimated potential one-day loss in pre-tax earnings from our currency and commodity instruments, as calculated in the VAR model, were: 
This VAR computation is a risk analysis tool designed to statistically estimate the maximum expected daily loss, under the specified confidence interval and assuming normal market conditions, from adverse movements in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The computation does not represent actual losses in fair value or earnings we will incur, nor does it consider the effect of favorable changes in market rates. We cannot predict actual future movements in market rates and do not present these VAR results to be indicative of future movements in market rates or to be representative of any actual impact that future changes in market rates may have on our future financial results. 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mondelēz International, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020, including the related notes and financial statement schedule for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020 listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our marine segment income from operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $20.7 million, a decrease of $37.9 million, or 65%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in income from operations was primarily due to the $51.1 million decrease in gross profit, partially offset by a $13.2 million reduction in operating expenses. The decrease in operating expenses was driven by a lower provision for credit losses, together with the 2020 impairment and costs associated with the restructuring program recognized in 2020, partially offset by increased compensation and employee benefit costs. 
Liquidity to fund working capital, as well as make strategic investments to further our growth strategy, is a significant priority for us. Our views concerning liquidity are based on currently available information and if circumstances change significantly, whether as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, the future availability of trade credit or other sources of financing may be reduced, and our liquidity would be adversely affected accordingly. 
Our liquidity, consisting principally of cash and availability under our Credit Facility, fluctuates based on a number of factors, including the timing of receipts from our customers and payments to our suppliers, changes in fuel prices, as well as our financial performance.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
share capital costs and risks through business ventures or alliances with strategic partners, including those that provide processing, throughput or feedstock volumes for growth capital projects or the purchase of such projects’ end products. 
Substantially all of our consolidated revenues are earned in the U.S. and derived from a wide customer base. Our largest non-affiliated customer for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was Vitol Holding B.V. and its affiliates (collectively, “Vitol”), which accounted for 7.8%, 11.2% and 9.9%, respectively, of our consolidated revenues. Vitol is a global energy and commodity trading company. 
The following sections provide an overview of our business segments, including information regarding principal products produced and/or services rendered and properties owned. Our operations are reported under four business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services, (ii) Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, (iii) Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and (iv) Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed according to the types of services rendered (or technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold.
