MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We review long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for realizability on an ongoing basis. Changes in depreciation, generally accelerated depreciation, are determined and recorded when estimates of the remaining 
useful lives or residual values of long-term assets change. We also review for impairment when conditions exist that indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. In those circumstances, we perform undiscounted operating cash flow analyses to determine if an impairment exists. When testing for asset impairment, we group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable. Any impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its estimated fair value. Fair value is estimated based on the discounted cash flows for the asset group over the remaining useful life or based on the expected cash proceeds for the asset less costs of disposal. Any significant impairment losses would be recorded within asset impairment and exit costs in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
We determine whether a contract is or contains a lease at contract inception. On January 1, 2019, we began to record operating leases on our consolidated balance sheet. We elected not to recognize right-of-use ("ROU") assets and lease liabilities for short-term operating leases with terms of 12 months or less. Long-term operating lease ROU assets and long-term operating lease liabilities are presented separately and operating lease liabilities payable in the next twelve months are recorded in other current liabilities. Finance lease ROU assets continue to be presented in property, plant and equipment and the related finance lease liabilities continue to be presented in the current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
USE OF ESTIMATES — The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates, income taxes, pension and other post-employment benefits, valuation of intangible assets, litigation, derivative financial instruments, and inventory and accounts receivable exposures. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION — The statements of earnings of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustment account, which is included in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
REVENUE RECOGNITION — Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms set forth in the customer contract. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for shipments in excess of a customer’s normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary. In certain of Abbott’s businesses, primarily within diagnostics, Abbott participates in selling arrangements that include multiple performance obligations (e.g., instruments, reagents, procedures, and service agreements). The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We have registered the trademarks US Foods ® , Food Fanatics ®  and Chef’Store ®  in connection with our overall US Foods brand strategy and our retail outlets. We have also registered or applied for trademark protection in the U.S. for the following brands in our brand portfolio: 
We purchase from approximately 5,000  individual suppliers, none of which accounted for more than 5% of our aggregate purchases in fiscal year 2018 . Our suppliers generally are large corporations selling national brand name and private brand products. Additionally, regional and local suppliers support targeted geographic initiatives and private label programs requiring regional and local distribution. We generally negotiate supplier agreements on a centralized basis. 
Our operations and strategic objectives require continuing capital investment, and our resources include cash provided by operations, as well as access to capital from bank borrowings and other types of debt and financing arrangements. See discussion in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding our liquidity and capital resources.
