MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The VAR model assumes normal market conditions, a 95% confidence interval and a one-day holding period. A parametric delta-gamma approximation technique was used to determine the expected return distribution in interest rates, currencies and commodity prices for the purpose of calculating the fixed income, currency exchange and commodity VAR, respectively. The parameters used for estimating the expected return distributions were determined by observing interest rate, currency exchange and commodity price movements over the prior quarter for the calculation of VAR amounts at December 31, 2018 and 2017 , and over each of the four prior quarters for the calculation of average VAR amounts during each year. The values of currency and commodity options do not change on a one-to-one basis with the underlying currency or commodity and were valued accordingly in the VAR computation. 
As of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 , the estimated potential one-day loss in fair value of our interest rate-sensitive instruments, primarily debt, and the estimated potential one-day loss in pre-tax earnings from our currency and commodity instruments, as calculated in the VAR model, were: 
This VAR computation is a risk analysis tool designed to statistically estimate the maximum expected daily loss, under the specified confidence interval and assuming normal market conditions, from adverse movements in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The computation does not represent actual losses in fair value or earnings we will incur, nor does it consider the effect of favorable changes in market rates. We cannot predict actual future movements in market rates and do not present these VAR results to be indicative of future movements in market rates or to be representative of any actual impact that future changes in market rates may have on our future financial results.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
While the aggregate cost to complete the numerous projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon Abbott’s ability to successfully finish each project, the rate at which each project advances, and the ultimate timing for completion. Given the potential for significant delays and the risk of failure inherent in the development of medical device, diagnostic and pharmaceutical products and technologies, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all projects currently in development. Abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending that will be competitive in each of the businesses in which it participates, and such spending is targeted at approximately 7 percent of total Abbott sales in 2022. Abbott does not regularly accumulate or make management decisions based on the total expenses incurred for a particular development phase in a given period.
At December 31, 2021, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $23.2 billion. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. The results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value.
Net cash from operating activities amounted to $10.5 billion, $7.9 billion and $6.1 billion in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2021 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings and improved working capital management partially offset by higher cash taxes paid and the net impact of litigation settlements. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2020 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings, lower payments related to interest, integration expenses, and restructuring actions, and the proceeds from a litigation settlement partially offset by an increased investment in working capital and higher income tax payments.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote with the holders of the Common Stock on an as-converted basis. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are also entitled to a separate class vote with respect to, among other things, amendments to the Company’s organizational documents that have an adverse effect on the Series A Preferred Stock, authorization or issuances by the Company of securities that are senior to, or equal in priority with, the Series A Preferred Stock, increases or decreases in the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and issuances of shares of Series A Preferred Stock after the Issuance Date, other than shares issued as in-kind dividends with respect to shares of the Series A Preferred Stock issued after the Issuance Date. 
FMR LLC, is a holder of approximately 10 % of the Company’s outstanding common stock. As of January 1, 2022, investment funds managed by an affiliate of FMR LLC held approximately $ 24 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2019 Incremental Term Loan Facility and the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Facility. Certain FMR LLC affiliates also provide administrative and trustee services for the Company’s 401(k) Plan and provide administrative services for other Company sponsored employee benefit plans. Fees earned by FMR LLC affiliates are not material to the Company’s consolidated financial statements. 
KKR Capital Markets LLC (“KKR Capital Markets”), an affiliate of KKR, received an aggregate of $2 million for debt advisory services rendered in connection with the Unsecured Senior Notes due 2029, the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Facility, and the Unsecured Senior Notes due 2030 financings during fiscal year 2021 and $ 6 million for debt advisory services rendered in connection with the financing of the Smart Foodservice acquisition during fiscal year 2020. As reported by the administrative agent of the Initial Term Loan Facility and the 2019 Incremental Term Loan Facility (the “Term Loan Agent”), investment funds managed by an affiliate of KKR held approximately $ 17 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2019 Incremental Term Loan Facility as of January 1, 2022 and approximately $ 65 million in aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loan Facility and the 2019 Incremental Term Loan Facility as of January 2, 2021.
