VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In June 2015, we completed our acquisition of AOL Inc. (AOL), a leader in digital content and advertising. AOL’s business model aligns with our approach, and we believe that its combination of owned and operated content properties plus a digital advertising platform enhances our ability to further develop future revenue streams. 
In June 2017, we completed our acquisition of the operating business of Yahoo! Inc. (Yahoo), a leader in search, communications, digital content and advertising. Additional discussion of the transaction is included in the 2018  Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report. 
We have established relationships with leading sports leagues to bring compelling content to our customers across our digital platforms. In December 2017, we entered into a multi-year partnership with the National Football League (NFL) in which Verizon’s portfolio of premium digital and mobile media properties, such as Yahoo Sports, stream in-market and national games, including national pre-season, regular season and playoff games, and the Super Bowl, to mobile phones. In January 2018, we entered into an innovative, multi-year partnership with the National Basketball Association (NBA) that will deliver one of the most comprehensive video streaming offerings of NBA content - from live out-of-market games via NBA League Pass to highlights, fantasy basketball, original programming and more via Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Fantasy and across Verizon’s family of media brands. As part of the partnership, the NBA and Verizon will unveil a series of innovative collaborations leveraging Verizon's leading network and technology to deliver premium NBA content and unique fan experiences. Verizon also has rights to deliver leading soccer games, including La Liga and Liga MX, to its customers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company estimates the useful lives of property and equipment upon initial recognition and periodically evaluates the useful lives and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the useful lives. 
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts and any loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses. 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and classifies its leases at commencement. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Assets recognized from finance leases (also referred to as ROU assets) are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities, respectively, on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term. The corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less for any asset classes.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
to develop a best estimate of gross ultimate losses. These developments are discussed further in the loss ratio disclosures within the Allstate Protection Segment and the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves sections of the MD&A. 
How reserve estimates are established and updated Reserve estimates are developed at a very detailed level, and the results are aggregated to form a consolidated reserve estimate. The detailed estimates include each line of insurance, major components of losses (such as coverages and perils), major states or groups of states and for reported losses and IBNR. Development factors are calculated for data elements such as claim counts reported and settled, paid losses, and paid losses combined with case reserves. The historical development patterns for these data elements are used to calculate reserve estimates. Based on this review our best estimate of required reserves is recorded. 
Reserves are reestimated quarterly and periodically throughout the year, by combining historical results with current actual results to calculate new development factors. This process continuously incorporates the historic and latest actual trends, and other underlying changes in the data elements used to calculate reserve estimates. New development factors are likely to differ from previous development factors used in prior reserve estimates because actual results occur differently than the assumptions contained in
