BOEING CO report:
Cash equivalents and other short-term investments (which are used to pay benefits) are held in a separate account which consists of a commingled fund (with daily liquidity) and separately held short-term securities and cash equivalents. All of the investments in this cash vehicle are valued daily using a market approach with inputs that include quoted market prices for similar instruments. In the event a market price is not available for instruments with an original maturity of one year or less, amortized cost is used as a proxy for fair value. Common and preferred stock equity securities are primarily valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices of identical instruments. 
Private equity and private debt NAV valuations are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows and market based comparable data. For those investments reported on a one-quarter lagged basis (primarily LPs) we use NAVs, adjusted for subsequent cash flows and significant events. 
Real estate and real asset NAVs are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. For those investments reported on a one-quarter lagged basis (primarily LPs), NAVs are adjusted for subsequent cash flows and significant events. Publicly traded REITs and infrastructure stocks are valued using a market approach based on quoted market prices of identical instruments. Exchange-traded commodities futures positions are reported in accordance with changes in daily variation margin which is settled daily and therefore reflected in the payables and receivables portion of the table.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The following table summarizes the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition (in millions):  
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of other assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill. The resulting goodwill is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, including integrating the Slack product offering with existing Company service offerings in a digital-first, work anywhere world. The goodwill has no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. 
The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as of the date of acquisition (in millions):

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We have debt in fixed and floating rate instruments. We are exposed to market risk due to changes in interest rates. We may enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our interest rate exposure related to our debt portfolio. 
A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the interest yields on our senior note debt at December 31, 2020 would result in a decrease of approximately $47 million in the fair value of our debt. Similarly, a decrease of 100 basis points in the interest yields on our senior debt at December 31, 2020 would cause an increase of approximately $29 million in the fair value of our debt. 
A hypothetical 100 basis point change in LIBOR would result in a change of approximately $57 million in our interest expense on our variable rate debt at December 31, 2020. Some of our variable rate debt is denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars and is indexed to non-U.S. dollar-based interest rate indices, such as EURIBOR and TJLP, and certain benchmark rates in local bank markets. As such, the hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rate ignores the potential impact of any currency movements. See "Risk Factors - We are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business" for a discussion of certain risks related to LIBOR.
