SALESFORCE INC report:
Interest expense consists of interest on our convertible senior notes, capital leases, financing obligation related to 350 Mission, the loan assumed on 50 Fremont, revolving credit facility and the $500 million term loan that was entered into in connection with our acquisition of Demandware. 
Gains on strategic investments, net represents strategic investments' fair market value adjustments and gains recognized related to strategic investments when we acquire an entity in which we previously held a strategic investment. The difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss. The change in gains on strategic investments, net was primarily due to $14 million of gains resulting from our acquisition of companies in which we held strategic investments in fiscal 2017. 
We recognized a tax provision of $60 million on a pretax income of $420 million for fiscal 2018. The tax provision recorded was primarily related to income taxes in profitable jurisdictions outside of the United States.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
(4) Expected contributions to fund our pension and postretirement benefit plans were included in “Other” above. Environmental liabilities, AROs, unrecognized tax benefits, contingency accruals and deferred revenue, which were included in “Other non-current liabilities” in our consolidated balance sheets, were excluded from the table above as the amounts do not represent contractual obligations or, in some cases, the amount and/or timing of the cash payments is uncertain. 
Under the Parent Company Partnership Agreement, the Parent Company will distribute all of its Available Cash, as defined, within 50 days following the end of each fiscal quarter. Available cash generally means, with respect to any quarter, all cash on hand at the end of such quarter less the amount of cash reserves that are necessary or appropriate in the reasonable discretion of the General Partner that is necessary or appropriate to provide for future cash requirements. 
Certain common unitholders elected to participate in a plan pursuant to which those unitholders elected to forego their cash distributions on all or a portion of their common units for a period of up to nine quarters commencing with the distribution for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and, in lieu of receiving cash distributions on these common units for each such quarter, each said unitholder received ET Series A Convertible Preferred Units (on a one-for-one basis for each common unit as to which the participating unitholder elected be subject to this plan) that entitled them to receive a cash distribution of up to $0.11 per unit. In May 2018, the ET Series A Convertible Preferred Units converted into ET Common Units. See Note 8 to the Partnership’s consolidated financial statements included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Management believes that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows, with capacity under existing and available credit agreements, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements. 
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $11,068 in 2023, compared to $7,392 in 2022. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily from net sales and membership fees. Cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. Cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. Changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by several factors, including inventory levels and turnover, the forward deployment of inventory to accelerate delivery times, payment terms with suppliers, and early payments to obtain discounts. 
Net cash used in investing activities totaled $4,972 in 2023, compared to $3,915 in 2022, and is primarily related to capital expenditures. Net cash flows from investing activities also includes purchases and maturities of short-term investments.
