BOEING CO report:
Unbilled receivables (contract assets) arise when the Company recognizes revenue for amounts which cannot yet be billed under terms of the contract with the customer. Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities) arise when the Company receives payments from customers in advance of recognizing revenue. The amount of Unbilled receivables or Advances and progress billings is determined for each contract . 
Lease and financing revenue arrangements are included in Sales of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For sales-type/finance leases, we record an asset at lease inception. This asset is recorded at the aggregate of future minimum lease payments, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and deferred incremental direct costs less unearned income. Income is recognized over the life of the lease to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. Residual values, which are reviewed periodically, represent the estimated amount we expect to receive at lease termination from the disposition of the leased equipment. Actual residual values realized could differ from these estimates. 
For operating leases, revenue on leased aircraft and equipment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Operating lease assets, included in Customer financing, are recorded at cost and depreciated over the period that we project we will hold the asset to an estimated residual value, using the straight-line method. We periodically review our estimates of residual value and recognize forecasted changes by prospectively adjusting depreciation expense.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
For more information regarding legal proceedings, such as the Slack shareholder derivative action, see Note 13 “Legal Proceedings and Claims” to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II.Our Employee Opinion Survey is a vehicle for employees to provide confidential feedback on their experience as Salesforce employees. The results are used to assess employee engagement, our company culture and our workplace environment. Based on the results of the most recent survey, 94 percent of responding employees indicated they were willing to give extra effort to get the job done and nearly 90 percent of responding employees indicated that they would recommend Salesforce as a great place to work. 
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
N/A 30 25 Subtotal 6,172 6,109 Catastrophe reinsurance recoverables Renaissance Reinsurance Limited A+ 17 27 Swiss Reinsurance America Corporation AA- 12 15 Everest Reinsurance Company A+ 12 15 Other 156 179 Subtotal 197 236 
A+ 166 158 Aleka Insurance Inc. N/A 165 115 Westport Insurance Corporation AA- 59 55 TIG Insurance Company N/A 40 38 Other, including allowance for credit losses 317 293 Subtotal 747 659 Total Property-Liability 7,116   7,004   
(2) As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, MCCA includes $34 million and $39 million of reinsurance recoverable on paid claims, respectively, and $5.61 billion and $5.46 billion of reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims, respectively.
