BOEING CO report:
The fair values of notes receivable are estimated with discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The fair value of our debt that is traded in the secondary market is classified as Level 2 and is based on current market yields. For our debt that is not traded in the secondary market, the fair value is classified as Level 2 and is based on our indicative borrowing cost derived from dealer quotes or discounted cash flows. The fair values of our debt classified as Level 3 are based on discounted cash flow models using the implied yield from similar securities. With regard to other financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of our indemnifications and financing commitments because the amount and timing of those arrangements are uncertain. Items not included in the above disclosures include cash, restricted cash, time deposits and other deposits, commercial paper, money market funds, Accounts receivable, Unbilled receivables, Other current assets, Accounts payable and long-term payables. The carrying values of those items, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, approximate their fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value of assets and liabilities whose carrying value approximates fair value is determined using Level 2 inputs, with the exception of cash (Level 1). 
In addition, we are subject to various U.S. government inquiries and investigations from which civil, criminal or administrative proceedings could result or have resulted in the past. Such proceedings involve or could involve claims by the government for fines, penalties, compensatory and treble damages, restitution and/or forfeitures. Under government regulations, a company, or one or more of its operating divisions or subdivisions, can also be suspended or debarred from government contracts, or lose its export privileges, based on the results of investigations. Except as described below, we believe, 
based upon current information, that the outcome of any such legal proceeding, claim, or government dispute and investigation will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Where it is reasonably possible that we will incur losses in excess of recorded amounts in connection with any of the matters set forth below, we will disclose either the amount or range of reasonably possible losses in excess of such amounts or, where no such amount or range can be reasonably estimated, the reasons why no such estimate can be made.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including the identification of our reporting units, identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, and determination of fair value. In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis, we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management’s strategic business plans. Changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in goodwill impairment charges. We believe the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. Estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used, where available. Critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include, but are not limited to, assumptions about variables such as commodity prices, crop throughput and production volumes, profitability, future capital expenditures and discount rates, all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment. 
During the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined the estimated fair values of each of our goodwill reporting units exceeded each of their carrying values. See Note 8- Goodwill, to our consolidated financial statements. During the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million related to what had been our Bunge Loders Croklaan reporting unit. 
Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. Property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. When facts and circumstances indicate the carrying values of these assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. If it appears the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we compare the carrying value of the assets to the discounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal, and if the carrying value is greater, recognize an impairment loss for the difference between the discounted projected future cash flows and the carrying value of the assets as a charge against results of operations. Our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. As we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets, changes in these factors could cause us to realize material impairment charges. We recorded impairment charges of $180 million for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2019, primarily related to portfolio rationalization initiatives.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of salesforce.com, inc. (the Company) as of January 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at January 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 17, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
