COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Some leases include free-rent periods and step-rent provisions, which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for periodic rent increases based on price indices or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales volume. Our leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
The Company determines at inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. Non-lease components and the lease components to which they relate are accounted for together as a single lease component for all asset classes. The Company initially records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease obligations for its finance and operating leases based on the discounted future minimum lease payments over the term. The lease term is defined as the noncancelable period of the lease plus any options to extend when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. As the rate implicit in the Company's leases is not easily determinable, the present value of the sum of the lease payments is calculated using the Company's incremental borrowing rate. The rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest the Company would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. The Company uses quoted interest rates from financial institutions to derive the incremental borrowing rate. Impairment of ROU assets is evaluated in a similar manner as described in Property and Equipment, net above. 
The Company's asset retirement obligations (ARO) primarily relate to leasehold improvements that must be removed at the end of a lease. These obligations are generally recorded as a discounted liability, with an offsetting asset at the inception of the lease term, based upon the estimated fair value of the costs to remove the improvements. These liabilities are accreted over time to the projected future value of the obligation. The ARO assets are depreciated using the same depreciation method as the leasehold improvement assets and are included with buildings and improvements. Estimated ARO liabilities associated with these leases are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
​ 
 ​ 
On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $ 23.6 billion, including approximately $ 13.6 billion in cash and approximately $ 10 billion in Abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of Abbott common stock, based on Abbott’s closing stock price on the acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, approximately $ 5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical’s debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by Abbott. The acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
If we negotiate to cease participating in a multiemployer plan, we may be required to pay that plan an amount based on our allocable share of its underfunded status, referred to as a "withdrawal liability". However, cessation of participation in a multiemployer plan and subsequent payment of any withdrawal liability is subject to the collective bargaining process. 
If any of the multiemployer pension plans in which we participate enter critical status, and our contributions are not sufficient to satisfy any rehabilitation plan funding schedule, we could be required under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 to make additional surcharge contributions to the multiemployer pension plan in the amount of five to ten percent of the existing contributions required by our labor agreement. Such surcharges would cease upon the ratification of a new collective bargaining agreement, and could not recur unless a plan re-entered critical status at a later date. 
 The discussion that follows sets forth the financial impact on our results of operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , from our participation in multiemployer benefit plans. As part of the overall collective bargaining process for wage and benefit levels, we have agreed to contribute certain amounts to the multiemployer benefit plans during the contract period. The multiemployer benefit plans set benefit levels and are responsible for benefit delivery to participants. Future contribution amounts to multiemployer benefit plans are determined only through collective bargaining, and we have no additional legal or constructive obligation to increase contributions beyond the agreed-upon amounts (except potential surcharges under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 as described above).
