UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
5,261 3,335 Pension and postretirement medical benefit plan contributions (company-sponsored plans) (2,342) (576) Hedge margin receivables and payables 274 272 Income tax receivables and payables 154 170 Changes in working capital and other non-current assets and liabilities (797) (1,106) Other operating activities 6 22 Net cash from operating activities $ 14,104 $ 15,007 
(a) Represents depreciation and amortization, gains and losses on derivative transactions and foreign currency exchange, deferred income taxes, allowances for expected credit losses, amortization of operating lease assets, pension and postretirement medical benefit plan (income) expense, stock compensation expense, changes in casualty self-insurance reserves, goodwill and other asset impairment charges and other non-cash items. 
Net cash from operating activities decreased $903 million in 2022, driven by higher contributions to our company-sponsored defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans. We made discretionary contributions to our qualified U.S. pension plans of $1.9 billion in 2022 compared to $0.2 billion in 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date, which is recorded in net gains (losses) on strategic investments within the consolidated  statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within net gains (losses) on strategic investments in the consolidated  statement of operations. 
The Company categorizes leases at their inception as either operating or capital leases. In certain lease agreements, the Company may receive rent holidays and other incentives. The Company recognizes lease costs on a straight-line basis once control of the space is achieved, without regard to deferred payment terms such as rent holidays that defer the commencement date of required payments. Additionally, incentives received are treated as a reduction of costs over the term of the agreement. 
The Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are depreciated over the lease period to operating expense.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2018, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $98 million of net tax expense related to the settlement of Abbott's 2014-2016 federal income tax audit in the U.S., partial settlement of the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group's 2014 and 2015 federal income tax returns in the U.S. and audit settlements in various countries. In 2017, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $435 million of tax expense related to the gain on the sale of the AMO business. In 2016, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include the impact of a net tax benefit of approximately $225 million, primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions from prior years, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of non-deductible foreign exchange losses related to Venezuela and the adjustment of the Mylan N.V. equity investment, as well as the recognition of deferred taxes associated with the then pending sale of AMO. 
Exclusive of these discrete items, tax expense was favorably impacted by lower tax rates and tax exemptions on foreign income primarily derived from operations in Puerto Rico, Switzerland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Costa Rica, and Singapore. Abbott benefits from a combination of favorable statutory tax rules, tax rulings, grants, and exemptions in these tax jurisdictions. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for a full reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate. 
Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax of $34 million, $124 million and $321 million, in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, were driven primarily by the recognition of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions pertaining to AbbVie's operations for years prior to the separation. On January 1, 2013, Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), which was formed to hold Abbott's research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business. Abbott has retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to AbbVie's business. AbbVie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business.
