BOEING CO report:
We are working towards reaching TIA which will enable us to begin FAA certification flight testing. The timing of TIA and certification will ultimately be determined by the regulators, and further determinations with respect to anticipated certification requirements could result in additional delays in entry into service and/or additional cost increases. 
We continue to anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur in late 2023. The 777X program has near break-even gross margins at December 31, 2021. The level of profitability on the 777X program will be subject to a number of factors. These factors include continued market uncertainty, the impacts of COVID-19 on our production system as well as impacts on our supply chain and customers, customer negotiations, further production rate adjustments for the 777X or other commercial aircraft programs, contraction of the accounting quantity and potential risks associated with the testing program and the timing of aircraft certification. One or more of these factors could result in additional reach-forward losses on the 777X program in future periods, which may be material. 
787 Program The 787 program’s production issues and delivery pause result in significant uncertainties regarding the revenue and cost estimates for the 787 program. Deliveries have remained paused since May 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded a loss of $3.5 billion on the program primarily due to rework driving longer delivery delays than were previously expected and associated customer considerations. The estimate of customer considerations is based on a number of factors, including our current assumptions regarding timing of FAA approval enabling resumption of deliveries, estimated timing of completion of inspections and rework to enable deliveries in future periods, estimated timing of production rate increases as well as customer and market assessments. We continue to conduct inspections and rework and engage in detailed discussions with the FAA regarding required actions for resuming delivery of the 787. Our program revenue and cost estimates reflect the assumption that production rates will remain very low until deliveries resume, gradually returning to 5 per month over time. We have also assumed lower forecasted revenues due to delayed deliveries. Our program assumptions reflect our current best estimate. However, if the program experiences further delivery delays or other factors such as additional inspections or rework that result in lower revenue or higher cost estimates, we could record additional losses in future periods, which may be material.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as revenue and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts. Our current remaining performance obligation represents future revenue under contract that is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next 12 months. 
Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in new business growth. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance obligation is typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increases if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining performance obligation attributable to a particular subscription agreement is often associated with an impending renewal and may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. 
(1) Includes approximately $450 million and $650 million of remaining performance obligation related to the Salesforce.org business combination in June 2019 and the Tableau acquisition in August 2019, respectively.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Telematics-based program, available in 49 states and D.C. as of December 31, 2021, that uses a mobile application or an in-car device to capture driving behaviors and encourage safe driving. It provides customers with information, tools and incentives. For example, in most states, Allstate Rewards ® provides reward points for safe driving. 
Shared economy solutions Allstate brand Transportation Network Company Commercial Auto Commercial coverage of transportation networking company independent drivers during various phases of the ride sharing service. 
The personal lines insurance markets, including private passenger auto and homeowners insurance, are highly competitive. The following charts provide Allstate Protection’s combined market share, inclusive of National General, compared to our principal U.S. competitors using statutory direct written premium for the year ended December 31, 2020, according to A.M. Best.
