SALESFORCE INC report:
Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, including stock-based expenses, the cost of subcontractors and certain third-party fees. 
Marketing and sales expenses are our largest cost and consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses and commissions, for our sales and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing activities. 
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses, for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel and professional services fees.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In general, a remediation site or issue is typically evaluated on an individual basis based upon information available for the site or issue and no pooling or statistical analysis is used to evaluate an aggregate risk for a group of similar items (for example, service station sites) in determining the amount of probable loss accrual to be recorded. The estimates of environmental remediation costs also frequently involve evaluation of a range of estimates. In many cases, it is difficult to determine that one point in the range of loss estimates is more likely than any other. In these situations, existing accounting guidance allows us the minimum amount of the range to accrue. Accordingly, the low end of the range often represents the amount of loss which has been recorded. The Partnership’s consolidated balance sheet reflected $282 million in environmental accruals as of December 31, 2022. 
In summary, total future costs for environmental remediation activities will depend upon, among other things, the identification of any additional sites, the determination of the extent of the contamination at each site, the timing and nature of required remedial actions, the nature of operations at each site, the technology available and needed to meet the various existing legal requirements, the nature and terms of cost-sharing arrangements with other potentially responsible parties, the availability of insurance coverage, the nature and extent of future environmental laws and regulations, inflation rates, terms of consent agreements or remediation permits with regulatory agencies and the determination of the Partnership’s liability at the sites, if any, in light of the number, participation level and financial viability of the other parties. The recognition of additional losses, if and when they were to occur, would likely extend over many years, but management can provide no assurance that it would be over many years. If changes in environmental laws or regulations occur or the assumptions used to estimate losses at multiple sites are adjusted, such changes could materially and adversely impact multiple facilities, formerly owned facilities and third-party sites at the same time. As a result, from time to time, significant charges against income for environmental remediation may occur. And while management does not believe that any such charges would have a material adverse impact on the Partnership’s consolidated financial position, it can provide no assurance. 
Transwestern conducts soil and groundwater remediation at a number of its facilities. Some of the cleanup activities include remediation of several compressor sites on the Transwestern system for contamination by PCBs, and the costs of this work are not eligible for recovery in rates. The total accrued future estimated cost of remediation activities expected to continue through 2025 is $3 million, which is included in the total environmental accruals mentioned above. Transwestern received FERC approval for rate recovery of projected soil and groundwater remediation costs not related to PCBs effective April 1, 2007. Transwestern, as part of ongoing arrangements with customers, continues to incur costs associated with containing and removing potential PCB contamination. Future costs cannot be reasonably estimated because remediation activities are undertaken as potential claims are made by customers and former customers. Such future costs are not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, but management can provide no assurance.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenues increased $328 million ( 3.3% ), due to favorable volume/mix (3.1 pp) and favorable currency (2.3 pp), partially offset by the impact of divestitures (1.5 pp) and lower net pricing (0.6 pp). Favorable volume/mix was driven by chocolate, biscuits and candy, partially offset by declines in cheese & grocery, gum and refreshment beverages. Favorable currency impacts reflected the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro, British pound sterling, Polish zloty and Czech koruna, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, primarily the Russian ruble and Turkish lira. The impact of divestitures, due to the sale of a confectionery business in France and the termination of certain Kraft Heinz Company-owned grocery brand licenses, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $137 million for 2018. Lower net pricing was driven by chocolate and biscuits, partially offset by higher net pricing in cheese & grocery, candy and gum. 
Segment operating income increased $124 million ( 7.7% ), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, favorable currency, lower raw material costs, lower divestiture-related costs and the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, lower net pricing, lapping the prior-year benefit from the settlement of a Cadbury tax matter, higher intangible asset impairment charges and the impact from divestitures. 
Net revenues increased $223 million ( 3.2% ), due to higher net pricing (2.3 pp) and the impact of acquisitions (1.3 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (0.3 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (0.1 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories except chocolate. The July 16, 2019 acquisition of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks added net revenues of $53 million and the June 7, 2018 acquisition of Tate’s Bake Shop added incremental net revenues of $35 million in 2019. Unfavorable currency impact was due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in gum, chocolate and candy, mostly offset by favorable volume/mix in biscuits.
