ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our South Texas natural gas processing plants increased a net $71.1 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average processing margins, including the impact of related hedging activities. Fee-based natural gas processing volumes for our South Texas gas plants decreased 130 MMcf/d year-to-year. Gross operating margin from our Permian Basin natural gas processing plants increased a combined $60.8 million year-to-year primarily due to gross operating margin from our Orla gas plant, which commenced operations in May 2018 and generated $41.7 million of the increase, and our acquisition in March 2018 of the remaining 50% ownership interest in our Waha gas plant, which resulted in an incremental $27.9 million of gross operating margin from this plant following the acquisition date. Fee-based natural gas processing volumes and equity NGL production from our Permian Basin natural gas processing plants increased a combined net 273 MMcf/d and 5 MBPD, respectively, year-to-year. Of these amounts, fee-based natural gas processing volumes and equity NGL production at Orla represented 195 MMcf/d and 5 MBPD, respectively. 
On a combined basis, gross operating margin from our natural gas processing plants in Louisiana and Mississippi decreased a net $11.7 million year-to-year primarily due to a one-time $19.1 million benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 in connection with proceeds from a business interruption insurance claim at our Pascagoula gas plant, partially offset by higher combined equity NGL production volumes of 7 MBPD, which accounted for an $11.3 million increase. The Pascagoula gas plant experienced a fire in June 2016 and several months of resulting downtime. The plant was repaired and placed back into commercial service in December 2016. 
Gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities increased a net $73.4 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for a $236.7 million increase, partially offset by a $164.2 million decrease due to lower sales volumes. As noted previously, the main purpose of our marketing activities in each business segment is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network. Results from marketing strategies that optimize our transportation and plant assets increased $172.3 million and $28.9 million, respectively, year-to-year, partially offset by decreases in earnings related to the optimization of our storage and export assets, which accounted for $99.4 million and $48.7 million, respectively, of decreases year-to-year. In addition, gross operating margin from NGL marketing activities reflects $9.3 million of non-cash, mark-to-market gains for 2018 compared to non-cash, mark-to-market losses of $11.0 million for 2017.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Total Rewards : We are committed to equal pay for equal work, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity or other personal characteristics. To deliver on that commitment, we benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider various factors such as an employee’s role and experience, job location and performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices to promote fair and equitable pay. 
With the support of an independent third-party expert in this field, we have conducted global total target cash (“TTC”) pay equity reviews for salaried employees comparing employees in the same pay grade within a country/area. Our last global analysis was in 2019 and encompassed 65 countries and over 32,000 employees. At the enterprise-wide level, our pay gap between male and female employees was less than 1% and decreasing through pay adjustments for employees identified during the review. In the United States, we also review TTC for salaried employees in the same pay grade by race/ethnicity (Asian, Black and Hispanic). The 2020 independent analysis found no systemic issues and no negative pay gap between non-white and white employees. 
To foster a stronger sense of ownership and align the interests of employees with shareholders, we grant deferred stock units to eligible non-executive employees under our stock incentive program. Furthermore, to promote overall employee health and well-being, we provide access to medical and welfare benefits and offer programs to employees that support work-life balance as well as financial, physical and mental health resources. We also provide paid maternity and paternity time off for biological and adoptive parents.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
As a result of the foregoing, as well as other covenants and restrictions contained in our Credit Agreement, our availability under the Credit Facility may fluctuate from period to period. In addition, our failure to comply with the covenants contained in our Credit Agreement could result in an event of default. An event of default, if not cured or waived, would permit acceleration of any outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facility and our Term Loan, trigger cross-defaults under certain other agreements to which we are a party, and impair our ability to obtain working capital advances and issue letters of credit, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Note 7. Debt, Interest Income, Expense, and Other Finance Costs for additional information. 
Other Credit Lines. Additionally, we have other uncommitted credit lines primarily for the issuance of letters of credit, bank guarantees and bankers’ acceptances. These credit lines are renewable on an annual basis and are subject to fees at market rates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees under these credit lines totaled $523.1 million and $404.0 million, respectively. 
Receivables Purchase Agreements. We also have accounts receivable programs under RPAs that allow us to sell a specified amount of qualifying accounts receivable and receive cash consideration equal to the total balance, less an associated fee, which varies based on the outstanding accounts receivable at any given time. The RPAs provide the constituent banks with the ability to add or remove customers from these programs in their discretion based on, among other things, the level of risk exposure the bank is willing to accept with respect to any particular customer. The fees the banks charge us to purchase the receivables from these customers can also be impacted for these reasons. See Note 2. Accounts Receivable for additional information.
