ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year. 
The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, U.K., Japan, Korea, Australia, Spain, Iceland, France, and China and through a majority-owned subsidiary in Taiwan. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1 . Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income. Certain operating expenses, predominantly stock-based compensation, incurred on behalf of the Company's Canadian and Other International operations, are included in the U.S. operations because those costs generally come under the responsibility of U.S. management. 
   52 Weeks Ended August 30, 2020   First Quarter (12 Weeks) Second Quarter (12 Weeks) Third Quarter (12 Weeks) Fourth Quarter (16 Weeks) Total (52 Weeks) REVENUE Net sales $ 36,236   $ 38,256   $ 36,451   $ 52,277   $ 163,220   Membership fees 804   816   815   1,106   3,541   Total revenue 37,040   39,072   37,266   53,383   166,761   OPERATING EXPENSES Merchandise costs (1)

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Effective July 1, 2016, the UPS Retirement Plan was closed to new non-union participants. For eligible employees hired after July 1, 2016, UPS contributes annually to a defined contribution plan. We recognize expense for the required contribution quarterly, and we recognize a liability for any contributions due and unpaid (included in “other current liabilities”). 
During June 2017, we amended the UPS Retirement Plan and Excess Coordinating Plan to cease accrual of additional benefits for future service for non-union participants effective January 1, 2023. We remeasured plan assets and pension benefit obligations for the affected pension plans as of June 30, 2017 to recognize the impact of this change. 
We participate in a number of trustee-managed multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans for employees covered under collective bargaining agreements. Our contributions to these plans are determined in accordance with the respective collective bargaining agreements. We recognize expense for the contractually required contribution for each period, and we recognize a liability for any contributions due and unpaid (included in “other current liabilities”).
