BOEING CO report:
The commercial jet aircraft market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share, such as Airbus and other entrants from Russia, China and Japan. We are focused on improving our processes and continuing cost reduction efforts. We intend to continue to compete with other airplane manufacturers by providing customers with greater value products. 
BDS faces strong competition in all market segments, primarily from Lockheed Martin Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Raytheon Technologies Corporation, General Dynamics Corporation and SpaceX. Non-U.S. companies such as BAE Systems and Airbus Group continue to build a strategic presence in the U.S. market by strengthening their North American operations and partnering with U.S. defense companies. In addition, certain competitors have occasionally formed teams with other competitors to address specific customer requirements. BDS expects the trend of strong competition to continue into 2021. 
The commercial and defense services markets are extremely challenging and are made up of many of the same strong U.S. and non-U.S. competitors facing BCA and BDS along with other competitors in those markets. BGS leverages our extensive services network offering products and services which span the life cycle of our defense and commercial airplane programs: training, fleet services and logistics, maintenance and engineering, modifications and upgrades - as well as the daily cycle of gate-to-gate operations. BGS expects the market to remain highly competitive in 2021, and intends to grow market share by leveraging a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Customers —Our customers include baked goods companies, snack food producers, confectioners, restaurant chains, food service operators, infant nutrition companies, and other food manufacturers who use vegetable oils and shortenings as ingredients in their operations. Other customers include grocery chains, wholesalers, distributors, and other retailers who sell to consumers either under our own brand names or private labels. These customers include global and national food processors and manufacturers, many of which are leading brand owners in their product categories. 
Competition —Competition is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capability, cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, product innovation, technical support, composition and nutritional value, and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised, well-known, branded products, as well as private label and customized products. Our principal competitors in the Edible Oil Products segment include, but are not limited to: ADM, AAK AB, Cargill, Fuji Oil Co. Ltd. and Wilmar, as well as local competitors in each region. 
Overview —We primarily sell our milling products to three customer types or market channels: food processors, food service companies and retail outlets. The principal raw materials used in our milling products businesses are wheat, corn, and other agricultural commodities sourced from our Agribusiness segment or directly from third parties. Similar to our edible oils business, we realize synergies among our other segments in areas such as raw material procurement, logistics, risk management and the co-location of industrial facilities, enabling us to supply customers with reliable, high quality products on a global basis. As many of the products we sell in our Milling Products segment are staple foods or ingredients, these businesses generally benefit from macro population and income growth rates. Additionally, our Milling Products segment is focused on capitalizing on growing global consumer food trends, including a desire for less processed, healthier foods, interest in new flavors, and

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Effect of Run-off Property-Liability business on combined ratio: includes claims and claims expense, restructuring and related charges and operating costs and expenses in the Run-off Property-Liability segment 
• PIF : Policy counts are based on items rather than customers. A multi-car customer would generate multiple item (policy) counts, even if all cars were insured under one policy. Commercial lines PIF counts for shared economy agreements typically reflect contracts that cover multiple rather than individual drivers. 
• New issued applications : Item counts of automobile or homeowner insurance applications for insurance policies that were issued during the period, regardless of whether the customer was previously insured by another Allstate brand.
