WORLD KINECT CORP report:
• the extent of the impact of the pandemic, including the duration, spread, severity and scope of related government orders and restrictions, on ours and our customers' sales, profitability, operations and supply chains; 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this 2021 10-K Report will be deemed to modify or supersede such forward-looking statements. 
For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as amended.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We have long-term product purchase commitments for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, and petrochemicals and refined products with third party suppliers. The prices that we are obligated to pay under these contracts approximate market prices at the time we take delivery of the volumes. The preceding table presents our estimated future payment obligations under these contracts based on the contractual price in each agreement at December 31, 2021 applied to all future volume commitments. Actual future payment obligations may vary depending on prices at the time of delivery. 
On January 6 , 2022, we announced that the Board declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.465   per common unit, or $1.86 per unit on an annualized basis, to be paid to the Partnership’s common unitholders with respect to the fourth quarter of 2021. The quarterly distribution was paid on February 11 , 2022 to unitholders of record as of the close of business on January 31 , 2022 . The total amount paid was $1.02 billion, which includes $8.0 million for distribution equivalent rights on phantom unit awards. 
The payment of quarterly cash distributions is subject to management’s evaluation of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in connection with such payments and Board approval. In light of current economic conditions, management will evaluate any future increases in cash distributions on a quarterly basis.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
A number of external factors such as changing weather patterns and conditions, commodity market conditions, the macroeconomic environment, supply chain disruptions, currency fluctuations and the effects of governmental agricultural or other programs affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We use hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. 
Due to factors noted above, the costs of our principal raw materials can fluctuate. Commodity costs have primarily increased due to recent supply chain disruptions. We expect commodity cost volatility to continue, and our commodity hedging activities cannot fully offset this volatility. Despite the recent and expected supply chain, transportation and labor disruptions, at this time we believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available. However, we continue to monitor the near-term and long-term impacts of the pandemic, geopolitical conditions, supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, climate change and related factors that could affect the availability or cost of raw materials, packaging and energy. For additional information, refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Commodity Trends . For information on our ongoing sustainability efforts and programs, refer to Sustainability and Mindful Snacking below. 
We believe the strength of our workforce is one of the significant contributors to our success as a global company that leads with purpose. All our employees contribute to our success and help us drive strong financial performance. Attracting, developing and retaining global talent with the right skills to drive our business is central to our purpose, mission and long-term growth strategy. Beyond this, diversity is a strength that drives innovation and growth, and we strive to champion diversity, inclusion, and economic empowerment.
