WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• tools and resources to support the mental wellbeing of our employees and their families, including mental health counselors in our on-site wellness centers and a confidential, dedicated line for employees to contact and speak with a counselor in the event they need mental health support; 
• products and services to support employees’ financial wellbeing, including life, accident, and disability insurance plans, discount benefits, financial planning tools, a 401(k) savings plan in the U.S. and retirement/pension plans in another 20 countries, with competitive contributions from Discovery for employees at all levels; 
• offering an employee stock purchase plan, which allows employees globally (where legislation permits) an opportunity to buy Discovery, Inc. stock at a discounted price through convenient after-tax payroll deductions with no commission charges; and

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
To accommodate the additional volumes, we increased capacity on our Acadian Haynesville Extension pipeline from 1.8 Bcf/d to 2.1 Bcf/d by adding horsepower at our Mansfield Compressor Station located in Mansfield, Louisiana. The Legacy Acadian and Haynesville Extension pipelines are part of the Acadian Gas System, which is comprised of approximately 1,300 miles of natural gas pipelines and leased underground storage. It links natural gas supplies in Louisiana and offshore Gulf of Mexico to distribution companies, electric utility plants and industrial customers located primarily in the Baton Rouge/New Orleans/Mississippi River corridor. Our 378-mile Haynesville Gathering System has a capacity of approximately 1.3 Bcf/d, can treat up to 810 MMcf/d of natural gas and provides a significant and reliable source of supply for the Acadian Gas System.
In September 2021, we and Chevron U.S.A. Inc. (“Chevron”) jointly announced a framework to study and evaluate opportunities for carbon dioxide capture, utilization and storage from our respective business operations in the U.S. Midcontinent and Gulf Coast. Projects resulting from this evaluation would seek to combine our extensive midstream pipeline and storage network with Chevron’s sub-surface expertise to create opportunities to capture, aggregate, transport and sequester carbon dioxide in support of the evolving energy landscape. The initial phase of the study in which we will evaluate specific business opportunities is expected to last about six months.
In September 2021, EPO issued $1.0 billion principal amount of senior notes due February 2053 (“Senior Notes EEE”). Net proceeds from this offering were used for general company purposes, including for growth capital investments, and the repayment of debt (including the repayment of a portion of our $750.0 million in principal amount of 3.50% Senior Notes VV and a portion of our $650.0 million in principal amount of 4.05% Senior Notes CC, in each case at their maturity in February 2022).

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Partnership’s counterparties consist of a diverse portfolio of customers across the energy industry, including petrochemical companies, commercial and industrial end-users, oil and gas producers, municipalities, gas and electric utilities, midstream companies and independent power generators. Our overall exposure may be affected positively or negatively by macroeconomic or regulatory changes that impact our counterparties to one extent or another. Currently, management does not anticipate a material adverse effect in our financial position or results of operations as a consequence of counterparty non-performance. 
For financial instruments, failure of a counterparty to perform on a contract could result in our inability to realize amounts that have been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and recognized in net income or other comprehensive income.As of December 31, 2020, our subsidiaries had $6.72 billion of floating rate debt outstanding. A hypothetical change of 100 basis points would result in a maximum potential change to interest expense of $67 million annually; however, our actual change in interest expense may be less in a given period due to interest rate floors included in our variable rate debt instruments. 
A hypothetical change of 100 basis points in interest rates for these interest rate swaps would result in a net change in the fair value of interest rate derivatives and earnings (recognized in gains (losses) on interest rate derivatives) of $275 million as of December 31, 2020. For the forward-starting interest rate swaps, a hypothetical change of 100 basis points in interest rates would not affect cash flows until the swaps are settled. 
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty may default on its contractual obligations resulting in a loss to the Partnership. Credit policies have been approved and implemented to govern the Partnership’s portfolio of counterparties with the objective of mitigating credit losses. These policies establish guidelines, controls and limits to manage credit risk within approved tolerances by mandating an appropriate evaluation of the financial condition of existing and potential counterparties, monitoring agency credit ratings, and by implementing credit practices that limit exposure according to the risk profiles of the counterparties. Furthermore, the Partnership may, at times, require collateral under certain circumstances to mitigate credit risk as necessary. The Partnership also uses industry standard commercial agreements which allow for the netting of exposures associated with transactions executed under a single commercial agreement. Additionally, we utilize master netting agreements to offset credit exposure across multiple commercial agreements with a single counterparty or affiliated group of counterparties.
