VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also provide network access needed to deliver various IoT products and services. We work with various companies that purchase network access from us to connect their Open Development certified devices, bundled together with their own solutions, which they sell to end-users. 
We offer several categories of wireless equipment, including a variety of smartphone and other handsets, wireless-enabled Internet devices, such as tablets, laptop computers and netbooks and other wireless enabled connected devices, such as smart watches and other wearables, and our Hum product. 
Our direct channel includes our business-to-business sales operations and systems organization and is focused on supporting the wireless communications needs of consumers and local, regional and national business customers. Company-operated stores are a core component of our distribution strategy. Our "Next Gen Design" retail stores focus on our customer's evolving digital lifestyle.

SALESFORCE INC report:
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs. 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2020 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions): 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2019 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Additional metrics and targets include intensity reductions by 2026 from a 2016 baseline for water (10% overall and 25% for facilities located in areas of high water stress), waste (10% disposal), and energy (10% consumption). 
As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 23,000 people. Many of our employees are represented by labor unions and their employment is governed by collective bargaining agreements. In general, we consider our employee relations to be good. 
We care about our people. We listen, empower, develop and reward them with the goal of driving high levels of engagement and commitment to Bunge. From hiring the best talent to diversity and inclusion initiatives, career development, total employee rewards, and wellness, Bunge strives to create programs and resources that enhance our workplace environment.
