ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2022, we announced that an affiliate of Enterprise entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Navitas Midstream Partners, LLC (“Navitas Midstream”) from an affiliate of Warburg Pincus LLC in a debt-free transaction for $3.25 billion in cash consideration (subject to adjustment in accordance with the agreement). Navitas Midstream’s assets include approximately 1,750 miles of pipelines and over 1.0 Bcf/d of cryogenic natural gas processing capacity. The purchase price was paid in cash at closing on February 17, 2022. We funded the cash consideration for this acquisition using proceeds from the issuance of short-term notes under EPO’s commercial paper program and cash on hand. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding this acquisition.
NGL prices for ethane, propane, normal butane, isobutane and natural gasoline are based on Mont Belvieu, Texas Non-TET commercial index prices as reported by Oil Price Information Service, which is a division of Dow Jones .
Polymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS. Refinery grade propylene (“RGP”) prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS Markit (“IHS”).

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We use a combination of primarily currency forward contracts, futures, options and swaps; commodity forward contracts, futures and options; and interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the value of our debt. See Note 9, Financial Instruments , for more information on the types of derivative instruments we use. 
We record derivative financial instruments on a gross basis and at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets within other current assets or other current liabilities due to their relatively short-term duration. Cash flows from derivative instruments are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows based on the nature of the derivative instrument. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a cash flow hedge, to the extent that the hedge is effective, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) and reclassified to earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Changes in fair value of economic hedges and the ineffective portion of all hedges are recognized in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a fair value hedge, along with the changes in the fair value of the related hedged asset or liability, are recorded in earnings in the same period. We use non-U.S. dollar denominated debt to hedge a portion of our net investment in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. Currency movements related to our non-U.S. debt and our net investments in non-U.S. operations, as well as the related deferred taxes, are recorded within currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses). 
In order to qualify for hedge accounting, a specified level of hedging effectiveness between the derivative instrument and the item being hedged must exist at inception and throughout the hedged period. We must also formally document the nature of and relationship between the derivative and the hedged item, as well as our risk management objectives, strategies for undertaking the hedge transaction and method of assessing hedge effectiveness. Additionally, for a hedge of a forecasted transaction, the significant characteristics and expected term of the forecasted transaction must be specifically identified, and it must be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur. If it is no longer probable that the hedged forecasted transaction will occur, we would recognize the gain or loss related to the derivative in earnings.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Although the ultimate impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, additional legislation or regulations could impose significant additional costs on us, our suppliers, our vendors and our customers, or could adversely affect demand for our energy products. The potential increase in our operating costs could include additional costs to operate and maintain our facilities, such as installing new infrastructure or technology to respond to new mandates, or paying taxes related to our GHG emissions, among others. Furthermore, changes in regulatory policies or increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products that are deemed to contribute to GHGs, harm our reputation and adversely impact our sales of fuel products. 
Due to the complex and technical nature of many of these laws and regulations, inadvertent violations may occur. If we fail to comply with these laws or regulations for any reason, we would be required to correct or implement measures to prevent a recurrence of any violations, which could increase our operating costs. 
At World Fuel Services, we believe that our people's passion and expertise are what differentiates us and investing in our people is a top priority. Our comprehensive approach to serving our workforce includes our commitment to our employees' growth and development, health and safety, and overall well-being. As of February 19, 2021, we employed approximately 4,300 employees globally who are based in the following regions:
