SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling. For example, we see significant opportunity to increase adoption of multiple offerings among our existing customers, including our largest enterprise customers and small businesses. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customer experience with new products, features and functionality and additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. We also seek to expand all editions of our offerings with new features, functions and increased security through our own development, acquisitions and partnerships. In addition, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to focus innovations and enhancements where our customers need it the most. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities globally. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to increase our investment in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Expanding into new categories and verticals. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories driven by our existing and potential customers’ needs, including analytics, e-commerce, collaboration, integration and workforce management, and expect to continue this type of category expansion in the future. For example, in fiscal 2022, as a result of customer input and demand, we introduced our Health & Safety Solution, or Dreampass, which helps companies safely return to work, travel, manage contact tracing, and also helps governments, healthcare providers, nonprofits, and organizations distribute vaccines around the world. We also introduced Net Zero Cloud, which helps customers analyze and report on their carbon footprint and provide actionable insights on emissions data in order to create long-term, sustainable value. In addition, to better meet the needs of our customers, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. These solutions help to expand our potential customer base and help to attract new customers.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
(3) Subsequent to the acquisition, the Company repaid $ 100 million of 7.625 % Subordinated Notes and $ 72 million of Subordinated Debentures on February 3, 2021 and March 15, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had principal balance remaining of $ 350 million 6.750 % Senior Notes due 2024, with a fair value adjustment of $ 45 million. 
Intangible assets (reported in other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position) consist of capitalized costs, primarily of the estimated fair value of distribution and customer relationships, trade names, licenses and technology assets. The estimated useful lives of these assets generally range from 3 to 10 years. 
acquired relationships, a weighted-average cost of capital discount rate reflecting the relative risk of achieving the anticipated cash flows, profits, the time value of money, and other relevant inputs. Technology and trade names were valued using estimated useful lives and market licensing rates discounted at a weighted-average cost of capital. Licenses are primarily insurance licenses which were valued using the median value of market transactions executed over an extended observation period.

BOEING CO report:
BDS' primary customer is the United States Department of Defense ( U.S. DoD ). Revenues from the U.S. DoD, including foreign military sales through the U.S. government, accounted for approximately 84% of its 2019 revenues. Other significant BDS customers include the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and customers in international defense, civil and commercial satellite markets. 
This segment's primary products include the following fixed-wing military aircraft: F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, F-15 programs, P-8 programs, KC-46A Tanker, and T-7A Red Hawk. This segment produces rotorcraft and rotary-wing programs, such as CH-47 Chinook, AH-64 Apache, and V-22 Osprey. Unmanned vehicles include the MQ-25, QF-16, and Insitu’s Scan Eagle aircraft. In addition, this segment's products include space and missile systems including: government and commercial satellites, NASA’s Space Launch System (SLS), the International Space Station, Commercial Crew, missile defense and weapons programs, and Joint Direct Attack Munition, as well as the United Launch Alliance joint venture. 
and logistics management, engineering, maintenance and modifications, upgrades and conversions, spare parts, pilot and maintenance training systems and services, technical and maintenance documents, and data analytics and digital services.
