ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Interest charged on debt principal outstanding, which is a key driver of interest expense, decreased $11 million year-to-year primarily due to the retirement of $1.4 billion of fixed-rate senior notes in February 2022 and the redemption of $350 million of variable-rate junior subordinated notes in August 2022 using a combination of available cash, commercial paper and proceeds from a senior notes issuance in September 2021 with a lower interest rate. These actions resulted in lower weighted-average interest rates on outstanding debt obligations during the comparative years. For information regarding our debt obligations, see Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Other non-operating income for 2022 includes $16 million attributable to the partial recovery of attorneys’ fees related to the settlement of the PDH 1 litigation in November 2022. For additional information regarding this litigation, see Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Our provision for income taxes for 2022 increased $12 million when compared to 2021 primarily due to changes in income tax expense related to state tax obligations under the Revised Texas Franchise Tax (“Texas Margin Tax”).

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Due to the complex and technical nature of many of these laws and regulations, inadvertent violations may occur. If we fail to comply with these laws or regulations for any reason, we would be required to correct or implement measures to prevent a recurrence of any violations, which could increase our operating costs. 
At World Fuel Services, we believe that our people's passion and expertise are what differentiates us and investing in our people is a top priority. Our comprehensive approach to serving our workforce includes our commitment to promoting a diverse and inclusive environment, as well as focusing on our employees' growth and development, health and safety, and overall well-being. The following charts provide information about our global workforce as of December 31, 2021: 
As a global energy management company, we are committed to doing the right thing in all that we do and we continually seek to protect the health and safety of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers and the communities in which we operate. We are committed to playing a leading role in promoting best practices within the transportation industry and are closely involved in developing, setting, and maintaining health, safety and environment ("HSE") industry standards. We have established a set of "Rules to Live By" to help strengthen our existing Integrated Management System and drive appropriate safety behaviors and practices, which we believe are vital to preventing workplace incidents. These rules are designed to ensure the safety of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers and communities around the world.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
When we use derivatives, we are exposed to credit and market risks. We reduce our credit risk by entering into transactions with counterparties with high quality, investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure with each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition of our counterparties. We also maintain a policy of requiring that all significant, non-exchange traded derivative contracts with a duration of one year or longer are governed by an International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreement. We manage derivative market risk by limiting the types of derivative instruments, derivative strategies we use, and the degree of market risk that we plan to hedge through the use of derivative instruments. 
We record derivative financial instruments on a gross basis in our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our instruments are recorded within other current assets, other assets, other current liabilities, and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
Mark-to-market gains or losses related to our economic hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows in other non-cash items, net, within operating activities. Cash flows related to the settlement of derivative instruments designated as hedges of net investments in non-U.S. operations are classified in the consolidated
