VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the Acquisition Date fair value of the consideration paid and payable and the fair value of the net assets acquired, representing future economic benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition. None of the goodwill resulting from the acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill related to this acquisition is included within the Consumer segment. 
Pursuant to the Tracfone Purchase Agreement, América Móvil agreed to indemnify Verizon against pre-acquisition tax matters. As of the Acquisition Date, we have recorded uncertain tax liabilities and offsetting indemnification assets of $ 730 million, for the expected reimbursement of tax related matters that had not been resolved as of the Acquisition Date. The liabilities are presented in Other liabilities, and the indemnification assets are presented in Other assets, within our consolidated balance sheets. We expect that any additional liabilities that may arise related to these indemnified matters would be indemnified and reimbursed by América Móvil. 
Pro forma financial information has not been disclosed for the acquisition of Tracfone as the impacts to both revenue and earnings would not have been significant to our consolidated balance sheets and statements of income.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the accelerated shift to cloud and hosted service offerings and customer experience management solutions. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings and verticals. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. Both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. On a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the U.S. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. As a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. Subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Included in other comprehensive income for the years ended 
December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 were foreign currency net translation gains (losses) of $(1,125) million , $203 million  and $713 million , respectively, resulting from the translation of our foreign subsidiaries' assets and liabilities. 
Additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. These amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses).
