ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We evaluate segment performance based on our financial measure of gross operating margin. Gross operating margin is an important performance measure of the core profitability of our operations and forms the basis of our internal financial reporting. We believe that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that our management uses in evaluating segment results. 
The following table presents gross operating margin by segment and total gross operating margin, a non-generally accepted accounting principle (“non-GAAP”) financial measure, for the years indicated (dollars in millions):
Within the context of this table, total segment gross operating margin represents a subtotal and corresponds to measures similarly titled within our business segment disclosures found under Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt and the proportionate amount of each varies as a result of current and expected business requirements, market conditions and other factors. Due to seasonality, in the first and second quarters of the year, our working capital requirements grow, increasing the need for short-term financing. The second half of the year typically generates higher cash flows. As such, we may issue commercial paper or secure other forms of financing throughout the year to meet short-term working capital or other financing needs. 
Refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , for a projection of long-term debt scheduled to mature (including current maturities and finance leases) in future periods. In the next 12 months, we expect to repay approximately $0.3 billion of maturing long-term debt. We fund ongoing debt maturities and other long-term obligations using cash on hand or we may refinance obligations with long-term debt or short-term financing (such as our commercial paper borrowings) depending on financing available, timing considerations, flexibility to raise funding and the cost of financing. 
At its July 2022 meeting, the Board of Directors approved a new $2 billion long-term financing authorization that replaced the prior long-term financing authorization of $7 billion. As of December 31, 2022, $1.5 billion of the long-term financing authorization remained available.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As of December 31, 2020, all outstanding shares of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock were held by Advance/Newhouse. Holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock have equal rights, powers and privileges, except as otherwise noted. Except for the election of common stock directors, the holders of Series A-1 convertible preferred stock are entitled to vote on matters to which holders of Series A and Series B common stock are entitled to vote, and holders of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock are entitled to vote on matters to which holders of Series C common stock, which is generally non-voting, are entitled to vote pursuant to Delaware law. Series A-1 convertible preferred stockholders vote on an as converted to common stock basis together with the Series A and Series B common stockholders as a single class on all matters except the election of directors. Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is considered the economic equivalent of Series C common stock and is subject to certain transfer restrictions. 
Additionally, through its ownership of the Series A-1 convertible preferred stock, Advance/Newhouse has special voting rights on certain matters and the right to elect three directors. Holders of the Company’s common stock are not entitled to vote in the election of such directors. Advance/Newhouse retains these rights so long as it or its permitted transferees own or have the right to vote such shares that equal at least 80 % of the shares of Series A convertible preferred stock issued to Advance/Newhouse in connection with the formation of Discovery, as converted to Series A-1 convertible preferred stock, plus any Series A-1 convertible preferred stock released from escrow, as may be adjusted for certain capital transactions. Holders of Series A-1 convertible preferred stock are subject to a right of first offer in favor of Discovery should Advance/Newhouse desire to sell 80 % or more of the Series A-1 convertible preferred stock in a “Permitted Transfer” (as defined in the Discovery charter). 
Subject to the prior preferences and other rights of any senior stock, holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will participate equally with common stockholders on an as converted to common stock basis in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors.
