SALESFORCE INC report:
Our investments in privately held securities are in various classes of equity which may have different rights and preferences. The particular securities we hold, and their rights and preferences relative to those of other securities within the capital structure, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value moves in relation to movement of the total company value. As such, our investment value in a specific company may move by more or less than any change in value of that overall company. For example, an immediate decrease of ten percent in enterprise value of our significant publicly traded and privately held equity securities held as of January 31, 2020, which represents 65% of the strategic investment portfolio, could result in a $97 million reduction to the investment portfolio. Fluctuations in the value of our privately held equity investments are only recorded when there is an observable transaction for a same or similar investment of the same issuer or in the event of impairment. 
We continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. Currently, two of our five publicly held investments are subject to such a contractual obligation, which expire in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. 
In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital.

BOEING CO report:
All derivative instruments are recognized in the financial statements and measured at fair value regardless of the purpose or intent of holding them. We use derivative instruments to principally manage a variety of market risks. For derivatives designated as hedges of the exposure to changes in fair value of the recognized asset or liability or a firm commitment (referred to as fair value hedges), the gain or loss is recognized in earnings in the period of change together with the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. The effect of that accounting is to include in earnings the extent to which the hedge is not effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value. For our cash flow hedges, the derivative’s gain or loss is initially reported in comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. We have agreements to purchase and sell aluminum to address long-term strategic sourcing objectives and international business requirements. These agreements are derivatives for accounting purposes but are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. We also hold certain derivative instruments for economic purposes that are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. For these aluminum agreements and for other derivative instruments not designated for hedge accounting treatment, the changes in their fair value are recorded in earnings immediately. 
Used aircraft under trade-in commitments and aircraft under repurchase commitments In conjunction with signing a definitive agreement for the sale of new aircraft (Sale Aircraft), we have entered into trade-in commitments with certain customers that give them the right to trade in used aircraft at a specified price upon the purchase of Sale Aircraft. Additionally, we have entered into contingent repurchase commitments with certain customers wherein we agree to repurchase the Sale Aircraft at a specified price, generally 10 to 15 years after delivery of the Sale Aircraft. Our repurchase of the Sale Aircraft is contingent upon a future, mutually acceptable agreement for the sale of additional new aircraft. If we execute an agreement for the sale of additional new aircraft, and if the customer exercises its right to sell the Sale Aircraft to us, a contingent repurchase commitment would become a trade-in commitment. Our historical experience is that contingent repurchase commitments infrequently become trade-in commitments. 
adjustments to revenue for the difference between the contractual trade-in price in the definitive agreement and our best estimate of the fair value of the trade-in aircraft as of the date of such agreement, which would be recognized upon delivery of the Sale Aircraft, and/or

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We periodically receive offers from third parties to purchase or obtain licenses for patents and other intellectual property rights in exchange for royalties or other payments. We also periodically receive notices alleging that our products or services infringe on third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. These claims, whether against us directly or against third-party suppliers of products or services that we sell to our customers, if successful, could require us to pay damages or royalties, or cease offering the relevant products or services. 
Information about our acquisitions and divestitures is included in the 2019 Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders under the heading "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Acquisitions and Divestitures" and in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report. 
Verizon operates in a regulated and highly competitive market. Current and potential competitors include other voice and data service providers, such as other wireless companies, traditional telephone companies, cable companies, Internet service providers, software and application providers and other non-traditional competitors. Many of these companies have strong market presence, brand recognition and existing customer relationships, all of which contribute to a highly competitive market that may affect our future revenue growth. Some of our competitors also are subject to fewer regulatory constraints than Verizon. For many services offered by Verizon, the FCC is our primary regulator. The FCC has jurisdiction over interstate telecommunications services and other matters under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (Communications Act or Act). Other Verizon services are subject to state and local regulation.
