COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Assets and liabilities recognized and disclosed at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include items such as financial assets measured at amortized cost and long-lived nonfinancial assets. These assets are measured at fair value if determined to be impaired. Fair value adjustments to nonfinancial assets during 2021 were immaterial and there were no fair value adjustments to these items during 2020. 
The Company maintains various short-term bank credit facilities, with a borrowing capacity of $ 1,050 and $ 967 , in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Borrowings on these short-term facilities were immaterial during 2021 and 2020. Short-term borrowings outstanding were $ 41 at the end of 2021. There were no outstanding balances at the end of 2020. 
The Company's long-term debt consists primarily of Senior Notes, described below. The Company at its option may redeem the Senior Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption price plus accrued interest. The redemption price is equal to the greater of 100 % of the principal amount or the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity. Additionally, upon certain events, the holder has the right to require the Company to purchase this security at a price of 101 % of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of the event. Interest on all outstanding long-term debt is payable semi-annually. The estimated fair value of Senior Notes is valued using Level 2 inputs.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation complex includes fractionators located either in Mont Belvieu, Texas or in surrounding areas of Chambers County, Texas. This complex processes mixed NGLs from several major NGL supply basins in North America, including the Permian Basin, Rocky Mountains, Eagle Ford Shale, Mid-Continent and San Juan Basin. In addition, the Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation complex features connectivity to our network of NGL supply and distribution pipelines, approximately 130 MMBbls of underground salt dome storage capacity, along with access to international markets through our marine terminals located on the Houston Ship Channel. Demand for NGL fractionation capacity continues to expand as producers in domestic shale plays such as the Permian Basin, Eagle Ford Shale and DJ Basin seek market access and end users require supply assurance.
In November 2018, we announced plans to construct a new NGL fractionation facility in Chambers County, Texas adjacent to our existing Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation complex. The new facility consists of two fractionation trains capable of processing a combined 300 MBPD of NGLs. The first of the two fractionation trains, referred to as “Frac X,” has a nameplate capacity of 150 MBPD and is expected to enter service in the first quarter of 2020. The second of these fractionation trains, referred to as “Frac XI,” will also have a nameplate capacity of 150 MBPD, and is scheduled to begin service in the third quarter of 2020. We will own and operate both Frac X and Frac XI. Once Frac XI enters service, total NGL fractionation capacity at our Mont Belvieu complex will approximate 1.1 MMBPD.
 • The Shoup and Armstrong NGL fractionators in South Texas process mixed NGLs supplied by regional natural gas processing facilities. Purity NGL products from the Shoup and Armstrong fractionators are transported to local markets in the Corpus Christi area and also to the Mont Belvieu hub using our South Texas NGL Pipeline System.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company's brand licensing contracts are licenses of symbolic intellectual property. Certain of these arrangements extend beyond one year. The transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations on these long-term contracts was $ 94 million as of December 31, 2021 and is expected to be recognized over the next 11 years. 
The value of unsatisfied performance obligations disclosed above does not include: (i) contracts involving variable consideration for which revenues are recognized in accordance with the usage-based royalty exception, and (ii) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less, such as advertising contracts. 
Sales commissions are generally expensed as incurred because contracts for which the sales commissions are generated are one year or less or are not material. Sales commissions are recorded as a component of cost of revenues on the consolidated statements of operations. The financing component of content licensing arrangements is not capitalized, because the period between delivery of the license and customer payment is one year or less or is not material.
