VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the SEC, could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
an adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing; 
changes in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, including the SEC, may require or that result from changes in the accounting rules or their application, which could result in an impact on earnings.

BOEING CO report:
Advances and progress billings increased from $ 52,980 at December 31, 2021 to $ 53,081 at December 31, 2022, primarily driven by advances on orders received at BCA, partially offset by revenue recognized at BDS and BGS. 
Unbilled receivables related to commercial customer incentives expected to be collected after one year were $ 117 and $ 131 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Unbilled receivables related to claims are items that we believe are earned, but are subject to uncertainty concerning their determination or ultimate realization. 
Customer financing primarily relates to our BCC segment. Financing arrangements typically range in terms from 1 to 12 years and may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Certain leases include provisions to allow the lessee to purchase the underlying aircraft at a specified price.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, which offers proactive monitoring and instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self service offerings. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.
