BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1- Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
In the normal course of its operations we routinely enter into transactions resulting in the recognition of assets and liabilities stemming from unconditional obligations, for example trade receivables and trade payables, or conditional obligations, for example unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts at fair value, with the same counterparty. We generally record all such assets and liabilities on a gross basis, even when they are subject to master netting agreements. 
However, we also engage in various trade structured finance activities to leverage the value of our global trade flows. These activities include programs under which we generally obtain U.S. dollar-denominated letters of credit ("LCs") from financial institutions, each based on an underlying commodity trade flow, time deposits denominated in either the local currency of the financial institutions' counterparties or in U.S. dollars, as well as foreign exchange forward contracts. Trade related payables are set-off against receivables under such arrangements when all related assets and liabilities are subject to legally enforceable set-off agreements and the criteria of ASC 210-20, Offsetting , has been met. Cash inflows are offset by the related cash outflows resulting from placement of the time deposits and repayment of the LCs. All cash flows related to the programs are included in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

BOEING CO report:
In addition, we are subject to various U.S. government inquiries and investigations from which civil, criminal or administrative proceedings could result or have resulted in the past. Such proceedings involve or could involve claims by the government for fines, penalties, compensatory and treble damages, restitution and/or forfeitures. Under government regulations, a company, or one or more of its operating divisions or subdivisions, can also be suspended or debarred from government contracts, or lose its export privileges, based on the results of investigations. Except as described below, we believe, 
based upon current information, that the outcome of any such legal proceeding, claim, or government dispute and investigation will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Where it is reasonably possible that we will incur losses in excess of recorded amounts in connection with any of the matters set forth below, we will disclose either the amount or range of reasonably possible losses in excess of such amounts or, where no such amount or range can be reasonably estimated, the reasons why no such estimate can be made. 
Multiple legal actions have been filed against us as a result of the October 29, 2018 accident of Lion Air Flight 610 and the March 10, 2019 accident of Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we entered into a proposed settlement with plaintiffs in a shareholder derivative lawsuit. Under the proposed settlement, which is subject to court approval, the Company would receive monetary payments of approximately $ 237 , before attorneys’ fees, and commit to making certain governance changes. Further, we are subject to, and cooperating with, ongoing governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries relating to the accidents and the 737 MAX. Among these is an ongoing investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the outcome of which may be material. Other than with respect to the agreement described below with the U.S. Department of Justice entered in 2021, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, not covered by available insurance that may result given the current status of the pending lawsuits, investigations and inquiries related to the 737 MAX.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The notional amounts specified in the contracts are used to calculate the exchange of contractual payments under the agreements and are generally not representative of the potential for gain or loss on these agreements. However, the notional amounts specified in credit default swaps where the Company has sold credit protection represent the maximum amount of potential loss, assuming no recoveries. 
or pay to terminate the derivative contracts at the reporting date. The carrying value amounts for OTC derivatives are further adjusted for the effects, if any, of enforceable master netting agreements and are presented on a net basis, by counterparty agreement, in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
For those derivatives which qualify and have been designated as fair value accounting hedges, net income includes the changes in the fair value of both the derivative instrument and the hedged risk. For cash flow hedges, gains and losses are amortized from AOCI and are reported in net income in the same period the forecasted transactions being hedged impact net income.
