SALESFORCE INC report:
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. 
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of family, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate and ensure the trust and customer success of our customers. 
We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies (2022 and for the eighth year in a row), Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work (2021 and for the 13th year in a row), Human Rights Campaign Best Places to Work For LGBTQ Equality (2022), and Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work in Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States (2022).

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our Food and Ingredients businesses consist of two reportable business segments: Edible Oil Products and Milling Products. The Edible Oil Products segment includes businesses that sell vegetable oils and fats, including cooking oils, shortenings, margarines, mayonnaise and specialty ingredients. The Milling Products segment includes businesses that sell wheat flours, bakery mixes, corn-based products and rice. The operations and assets of our Edible Oil Products segment are primarily located in North and South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific and the operations and assets of our Milling Products segment are located in North and South America. 
Our Fertilizer segment is involved in producing, blending and distributing fertilizer products for the agricultural industry in South America, with operations and retail distribution activities in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay, and port facilities in Argentina and Brazil. 
2018 Summary Operating Highlights  - In our Agribusiness segment in 2018, we continued our focus on improving the efficiency and operations of our global network of integrated assets with a combination of productivity and maintenance investments, including substantially completing the upgrade of an existing oilseed processing plant in Italy. In our Food and Ingredients businesses, we completed the acquisition of a 70% ownership interest in IOI Loders Croklaan, creating a leading solutions provider in business to business (“B2B”) oils and accelerating the growth of our value-added oils business, and the acquisition of two corn mills in the United States, which enabled Bunge to expand its value-added product offering in North America. In the Sugar and Bioenergy segment, we exited from our renewable oils joint venture in Brazil and exited our international sugar trading operations. Additionally, we made continued progress on our Global Competitiveness Program that was launched in 2017 to improve our cost position and deliver increased value to shareholders.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In June 2015, we completed our acquisition of AOL Inc. (AOL), a leader in digital content and advertising. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing was approximately $3.8 billion . 
In April 2016, we completed the sale (Access Line Sale) of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas, including Fios Internet and video customers, switched and special access lines and high-speed Internet service and long distance voice accounts in these three states to Frontier Communications Corporation (Frontier) for approximately $10.5 billion (approximately $7.3 billion net of income taxes), subject to certain adjustments and including the assumption of $612 million of indebtedness from Verizon by Frontier. The transaction included the acquisition by Frontier of the equity interests of Verizon’s incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) in California, Florida and Texas. 
The transaction resulted in Frontier acquiring approximately 3.3 million voice connections, 1.6 million Fios Internet subscribers, 1.2 million Fios video subscribers and the related ILEC businesses from Verizon. Approximately 9,300 Verizon employees who served customers in California, Florida and Texas continued employment with Frontier.
