ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin at our South Texas NGL fractionators decreased $ 7.4 million year-to-year primarily due to major maintenance activities completed at our Shoup fractionator during the third quarter of 2019. NGL fractionation volumes at our South Texas NGL fractionators increased 7 MBPD year-to-year. 
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Crude Oil Pipelines & Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):
Gross operating margin from our Midland-to-ECHO System increased $246.7 million year-to-year. Gross operating margin from our Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline and related business activities increased $146.8 million year-to-year primarily due to a $133.0 million increase in non-cash mark-to-market earnings, higher transportation volumes, which accounted for a $30.1 million increase, and lower expenses, which accounted for a $27.8 million increase, partially offset by lower average transportation fees, which accounted for a $91.5 million decrease. Expenses in 2018 for the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline included a $33.9 million charge attributable to the allocation of pipeline earnings to WES upon closing of their acquisition of a 20% ownership interest in Whitethorn Pipeline Company LLC (which owns the majority of the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline) in June 2018. Net to our interest, transportation volumes for the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline increased 43 MBPD year-to-year. Gross operating margin from our Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline, which commenced operations in February 2019, was $99.9 million on transportation volumes of 197 MBPD.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Because fuel is a major component of an aircraft’s operating costs, our customers require cost-effective and professional fuel services. We have developed an extensive network, consisting of on-airport fueling operations and third‑party suppliers and service providers that enable us to provide aviation fuel and related services throughout the world. We 
believe the breadth of our service offering combined, with our global supplier network is a strategic differentiator that allows customers to secure fuel and high‑quality services in locations worldwide on short notice. 
We purchase our aviation fuel from suppliers worldwide. Fuel may be delivered into our customers’ aircraft or to a designated storage facility located at one of our locations or our suppliers’ locations pursuant to arrangements with them. Inventory is purchased at airport locations or shipped via pipelines and held at multiple locations for strategic reasons. We engage in contract sales, which are sales made pursuant to fuel purchase contracts with customers who commit to purchasing fuel from us over the contract term. We also conduct spot sales, which are sales that do not involve continuing contractual obligations by our customers to purchase fuel from us. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market‑based formulas or government-controlled prices.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The actuarial (gain) for all postretirement plans in 2020 was driven by gains related to assumption changes partially offset by losses related to a change in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations of those plans. All postretirement plans in 2019 experienced an actuarial loss related to a change in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations of those plans. 
Year-end discount rates for our U.S., Canadian and U.K. plans were developed from a model portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments with durations that match the expected future cash flows of the benefit obligations. Year-end discount rates for our remaining non-U.S. plans were developed from local bond indices that match local benefit obligations as closely as possible. Changes in our discount rates were primarily the result of changes in bond yields year-over-year. Our expected health care cost trend rate is based on historical costs. 
For the periods presented, we measure service and interest costs for other postretirement benefits by applying the specific spot rates along a yield curve used to measure plan obligations to the plans’ liability cash flows. We believe this approach provides a good measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans’ liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve.
