WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
SAR award grants include cash-settled SARs and stock-settled SARs. Cash-settled SARs entitle the holder to receive a cash payment for the amount by which the price of the Company’s Series A or Series C common stock exceeds the base price established on the grant date. Cash-settled SARs are granted with a base price equal to or greater than the closing market price of the Company’s Series A or Series C common stock on the date of grant. Stock-settled SARs entitle the holder to shares of Series A or Series C common stock in accordance with the award agreement terms. 
The fair value of outstanding SARs is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the fair value of outstanding SARs were as follows.  
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the weighted-average fair value of SARs outstanding was $ 1.77 and $ 5.48 per award. The Company made cash payments of $ 8 million, $ 11 million, and $ 2 million to settle exercised SARs during 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively. As of December 31, 2021, unrecognized compensation cost related to SARs was immaterial.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(10) On December 22, 2017, the United States enacted tax reform legislation that included a broad range of business tax provisions as further detailed in Note 15, Income Taxes . We exclude the discrete U.S. tax reform impacts from our Adjusted EPS as they do not reflect our ongoing tax obligations under U.S. tax reform. 
(11) We have excluded our proportionate share of our equity method investees’ unusual or infrequent items such as acquisition and divestiture related costs, restructuring program costs and discrete U.S. tax reform impacts, in order to provide investors with a comparable view of our performance across periods. Although we have shareholder rights and board representation commensurate with our ownership interests in our equity method investees and review the underlying operating results and unusual or infrequent items with them each reporting period, we do not have direct control over their operations or resulting revenue and expenses. Our use of equity method investment net earnings on an adjusted basis is not intended to imply that we have any such control. Our GAAP “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations” includes all of the investees’ unusual and infrequent items. 
We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together with our U.S. GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to the corresponding U.S. GAAP financial measures, provides you with a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business than could be obtained absent these disclosures. Because non-GAAP financial measures vary among companies, the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this report may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Our use of these non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any U.S. GAAP financial measure. A limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures is they exclude items detailed below that have an impact on our U.S. GAAP reported results. The best way this limitation can be addressed is by evaluating our non-GAAP financial measures in combination with our U.S. GAAP reported results and carefully evaluating the following tables that reconcile U.S. GAAP reported figures to the non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
a non-controlling interest in PES. Prior to PES’s reorganization in August 2018, ETO’s 33% interest in PES was reflected as an unconsolidated affiliate; subsequent the August 2018 reorganization, ETO holds an approximately 7.4% interest in PES and no longer reflects PES as an affiliate; 
Adjusted EBITDA ( consolidated ). For the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the prior year, Adjusted EBITDA increased approximately $2.2 billion , or 30% . The increase was primarily due to the impact of multiple revenue-generating assets being 
placed in service and recent acquisitions, as well as increased demand for services on existing assets. The impact of new assets and acquisitions was approximately $1.2 billion , of which the largest increases were from the Bakken pipeline (a $546 million impact to the crude oil transportation and services segment), the Rover pipeline (a $359 million impact to the interstate transportation and storage segment) and the acquisition of USAC (a net impact of $191 million among the investment in USAC and all other segments). The remainder of the increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to stronger demand on existing assets, particularly due to increased production in the Permian, which impacted multiple segments. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting Adjusted EBITDA is included in the analysis of Segment Adjusted EBITDA in the “Segment Operating Results” section below.
