VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued and the assets securing this debt are included in our consolidated balance sheets. 
In December 2021, we entered into an ABS financing facility with a number of financial institutions (2021 ABS Financing Facility). Two loan agreements were entered into in connection with the 2021 ABS Financing Facility in December 2021. Under the terms of the 2021 ABS Financing Facility, the financial institutions make advances under asset-backed loans backed by device payment plan agreement receivables of both Consumer customers and Business customers. Two loan agreements are outstanding in connection with the 2021 ABS Financing Facility, one with a final maturity date in December 2025 and the other in December 2026, and each loan agreement bears interest at floating rates. There is a one or two year revolving period, as set forth in the applicable loan agreement, which may be extended with the approval of the financial institutions. Under the loan agreements, we have the right to prepay all or a portion of the advances at any time without penalty, but in certain cases, with breakage costs. Subject to certain conditions, we may also remove receivables from the ABS Entity. In December 2021, we borrowed $4.3 billion under the loan agreements. The aggregate outstanding balance under the 2021 ABS Financing Facility was $4.3 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
(1) The revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit .

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested options with a fair value of $ 103 million. Of the total consideration, $ 81 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 22 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
The Company invested $ 14 million in a noncontrolling equity investment in ClickSoftware in July 2015. The Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 39 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in ClickSoftware held before the business combination. The gain is included in gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
In June 2019, Salesforce.org, the independent nonprofit social enterprise that resold the Company's service offerings to non-profit and higher education organizations, was combined with the Company. The Company has included the financial results of Salesforce.org, which are not material to income from operations in fiscal 2020, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The business combination with Salesforce.org in June 2019 contributed approximately $ 228 million total revenues in fiscal 2020. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions which are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars and barges. These guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. These leases expire at various dates from 2019 through 2024 . At December 31, 2018 , our recorded obligation related to these guarantees was $1 million . 
 We have provided a Guaranty to the Director of the Illinois Department of Agriculture as Trustee for Bunge North America, Inc. ("BNA"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by BNA, to grain producers and/or depositors in the State of Illinois who have delivered commodities to BNA's Illinois facilities. 
In addition, we have provided full and unconditional parent level guarantees of the outstanding indebtedness under certain credit facilities entered into and senior notes issued by, our subsidiaries. At December 31, 2018 , our consolidated balance sheet includes debt with a carrying amount of $5,011 million  related to these guarantees. This debt includes the senior notes issued by two of our 100% owned finance subsidiaries, Bunge Limited Finance Corp. and Bunge Finance Europe B.V. There are largely no restrictions on the ability of Bunge Limited Finance Corp. and Bunge Finance Europe B.V. or any other Bunge subsidiary to transfer funds to Bunge Limited.
