ALLSTATE CORP report:
(4) Other business lines primarily represents revenue and direct operating expenses of Ivantage and distribution of non-proprietary life and annuity products. Ivantage, a general agency for Allstate exclusive agents, provides agents a solution for their customers when coverage through Allstate brand underwritten products is not available. 
Underwriting income decreased 60.9% or $2.78 billion in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to higher auto and homeowners non-catastrophe and catastrophe losses and increased underwriting expenses, partially offset by increased premiums earned in Allstate brand and lower Shelter-in-Place Payback expense. 
Premium measures and statistics include PIF, new issued applications, average premiums and renewal ratio to analyze our premium trends. Premiums written is the amount of premiums charged for policies issued during a fiscal period. Premiums are considered earned and are included in the financial results on a pro-rata basis over the policy period. The portion of premiums written applicable to the unexpired term of the policies is recorded as unearned premiums on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In addition, we issue asset-backed debt secured by our device payment plan agreement receivables and the collections on such receivables. These transactions require us to comply with various tests, including delinquency and loss-related tests, which, if not met, would cause the asset-backed debt to amortize earlier and faster than otherwise expected. The holders of our asset-backed debt do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. However, if an early amortization of our asset-backed debt occurs, including as a result of increased customer delinquencies or losses relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, all collections on the securitized device payment plan agreement receivables would be used to pay principal and interest on the asset-backed debt, and our financing cash flow requirements would increase for the twelve months immediately following an early amortization event. 
Our revenues and expenses in 2020 were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic as a result of the actions we took to care for our employees and to keep our customers connected and as a result of our customers’ changing activities as well as the restrictions on activities and the global economic slowdown, as describe d below. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our 2020 results was primarily a result of decreases in wireless service revenue, wireless equipment revenue and advertising and search revenue at Verizon Media Group (Verizon Media), and the operational actions we took, as described above. 
The year ended December 31, 2020 included lower overage revenues and lower fees from activations and upgrades and fewer fees, as well as lower roaming revenues as our customers significantly reduced travel during the year. As a result of our decision to keep our customers connected during the crisis, we experienced fewer step ups in data plans in the first half of 2020. We saw the rate of step ups increase during the second half of 2020. During the first half of 2020, we also saw a reduction in advertising and search revenue in Verizon Media, as customers scaled back their advertising campaigns. This reduction moderated during the third quarter of 2020 and turned to revenue growth during the fourth quarter of 2020.
