ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our pension and other postretirement benefit costs are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies. These assumptions include discount rates, compensation increases, health care cost trend rates, inflation, expected returns on plan assets, mortality and other factors. The assumptions utilized in recording the obligations under our pension plans represent our best estimates and we believe they are reasonable based on information as to historical experience and performance as well as other factors that might cause future expectations to differ from past trends. 
2019  change in pension and other postretirement plan accounting At January 1, 2019, we changed our accounting principle for recognizing actuarial gains and losses and expected return on plan assets for our pension and other postretirement plans to a more preferable policy under U.S. GAAP. Prior to 2019, actuarial gains and losses were recognized as a component of AOCI, and were generally amortized into earnings in future periods. Under the new principle, actuarial gains and losses will be immediately recognized through earnings (“fair value accounting”). 
In addition, we changed our policy for recognizing expected returns on plan assets by eliminating the permitted accounting practice allowing the five-year smoothing of equity returns and moving to an unadjusted fair value method.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings. 
We have historically provided and continue to provide our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also provide our services via cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. We continue to invest and expand the deployment of Hyperforce, which allows our platform and applications to be delivered rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide, giving our customers autonomy and control over data residency. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions, including our most recent acquisitions of Slack, Tableau and MuleSoft. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Networks. We offer a robust portfolio of network connectivity products to help our enterprise and business customers connect with their employees, partners, vendors, customers and, for our government customers, their constituents. 
Internet. We offer our enterprise and business customers the ability to connect to the Internet via our Fios Internet and our dedicated Internet access services, which provide extensive bandwidth, configuration and billing options designed to address specific business needs. 
Private Networks. Our private networking services connect multiple business locations securely through our Private IP and Ethernet services, generally via fiber-optic based connectivity. Point to point connectivity via Ethernet or Wavelength is also available.
