BOEING CO report:
We have entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds with financial institutions primarily relating to the guarantee of our future performance on certain contracts. Contingent liabilities on outstanding letters of credit agreements and surety bonds aggregated approximately $ 3,634 and $ 4,238 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
McDonnell Douglas Corporation insured its executives with Company Owned Life Insurance (COLI), which are life insurance policies with a cash surrender value. Although we do not use COLI currently, these obligations from the merger with McDonnell Douglas are still a commitment at this time. We have loans in place to cover costs paid or incurred to carry the underlying life insurance policies. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the cash surrender value was $ 374 and $ 395 and the total loans were $ 360 and $ 382 . As we have the right to offset the loans against the cash surrender value of the policies, we present the net asset in Other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
We have recorded earnings charges for losses on a number of fixed-price development contracts. Fixed-price development work is inherently uncertain and subject to significant variability in estimates of the cost and time required to complete the work. The operational and technical complexities of these contracts create financial risk, which could trigger additional earnings charges, termination provisions, order cancellations or other financially significant exposure.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We are subject to various legal proceedings and risks globally in the course of our business, including claims, suits, and government investigations or proceedings involving competition, tax, labor and employment, environmental, commercial disputes and other matters. Although we cannot accurately predict the amount of any liability that may ultimately arise with respect to any of these matters, we make provisions for potential liabilities when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. These provisions are based on current information and legal advice and are adjusted from time to time according to developments. We do not expect the outcome of these proceedings, net of established reserves, to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Due to their inherent uncertainty, however, there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of current or future litigation, proceedings, investigations or claims and it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in judgments, awards, fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. 
For a discussion of certain legal and tax matters relating to Argentina and Brazil, see Notes 14  - Income Taxes and 21 - Commitments and Contingencies  to our consolidated financial statement included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, we are a party to a large number of labor and civil claims relating to our Brazilian operations. We have reserved an aggregate of $70 million  and $66 million  for labor and civil claims, respectively, as of December 31, 2018 . The labor claims primarily relate to dismissals, severance, health and safety, salary adjustments and supplementary retirement benefits. The civil claims relate to various legal proceedings and disputes, including disputes with suppliers and customers and include approximately 126 million  Brazilian reais  (approximately $33 million  as of December 31, 2018 ) related to a legacy environmental claim in Brazil. 
  The following should be read in conjunction with "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements" and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Performance stock awards vest into shares of stock on the day prior to the third anniversary of the grant date. Vesting of the number of performance stock awards earned based on the attainment of performance goals for each of the performance periods is subject to continued service, except for employees who are retirement eligible and in certain other limited circumstances. Performance stock awards subsequently convert into shares of stock in full the day of the third anniversary of the grant date. 
Since 2001, a total of 110.8 million shares of common stock were authorized to be used for awards under the plans, subject to adjustment in accordance with the plans’ terms. As of December 31, 2019 , 24.0 million shares were reserved and remained available for future issuance under these plans. The Company uses its treasury shares for these issuances. 
The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using a binomial lattice model. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. In addition, separate groups of employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the binomial lattice model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility of the price of the underlying shares is implied based on traded options and historical volatility of the Company’s common stock. The expected dividends were based on the current dividend yield of the Company’s stock as of the date of the grant. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
