WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The allocation of purchase price and related adjustments, including adjustments to amortization expense related to the fair value of intangible assets acquired and the recognition of the noncontrolling interests; 
 The pro forma results do not necessarily represent what would have occurred if the acquisition of Scripps Networks had taken place on January 1, 2017 , nor do they represent the results that may occur in the future. The pro forma adjustments were based on available information and upon assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable to reflect the impact of this acquisition on the Company's historical financial information on a supplemental pro forma basis (in millions). The following table presents the Company's pro forma combined revenues and net income (in millions, except per share value). Pro forma results for the year ended December 31, 2019 are not presented below because the results for Scripps Networks are included in the Company's December 31, 2019 consolidated statement of operations. 
The operations of Scripps Networks discussed above were included in the consolidated financial statements as of the acquisition date of March 6, 2018. The following table presents the revenue and earnings for Scripps Networks as reported within the consolidated financial statements (in millions).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2022, we announced that an affiliate of Enterprise entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Navitas Midstream Partners, LLC (“Navitas Midstream”) from an affiliate of Warburg Pincus LLC for $3.25 billion. The purchase price was paid in cash at closing on February 17, 2022. We funded the cash consideration for this acquisition using proceeds from the issuance of short-term notes under our commercial paper program and cash on hand.
Our forecast of capital investments is dependent upon our ability to generate the required funds from either operating cash flows or other means, including borrowings under debt agreements, the issuance of additional equity and debt securities, and potential divestitures. We may revise our forecast of capital investments due to factors beyond our control, such as adverse economic conditions, weather-related issues and changes in supplier prices. Furthermore, our forecast of capital investments may change due to decisions made by management at a later date, which may include unforeseen acquisition opportunities. Our success in raising capital, including partnering with other companies to share project costs and risks, continues to be a significant factor in determining how much capital we can invest. We believe our access to capital resources is sufficient to meet the demands of our current and future growth needs and, although we expect to make the forecast capital investments noted above, we may adjust the timing and amounts of projected expenditures in response to changes in capital market conditions.
 • completion of projects associated with crude oil pipelines (e.g., expansion projects involving the Midland-to-ECHO System and related crude oil-related infrastructure supporting Permian Basin producers), which accounted for a combined $479.4 million decrease;

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Claims for employee health care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit exposures arising from very large losses. It uses different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary (the captive) and participates in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are not discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends. At the end of 2020 and 2019, these insurance liabilities were $ 1,188 and $ 1,222 in the aggregate, respectively, and were included in accrued salaries and benefits and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, classified based on their nature. 
The captive receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company’s premium costs in selling, general and administrative expenses, in the consolidated statements of income. The captive participates in a reinsurance program that includes other third-party participants. The reinsurance agreement is one year in duration, and new agreements are entered into by each participant at their discretion at the commencement of the next calendar year. The participant agreements and practices of the reinsurance program limit a participating members’ individual risk. Income statement adjustments related to the reinsurance program and related impacts to the consolidated balance sheets are recognized as information becomes known. In the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company retains its primary obligation to the policyholders for prior activity. 
The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business. It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of fluctuations of foreign exchange on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company’s international subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. Some of these contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features that require settlement of outstanding contracts upon certain triggering events. The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments in a net liability position and the amount needed to settle the instruments immediately if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered were immaterial at the end of 2020 and 2019. The aggregate notional amounts of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were $ 1,036 and $ 704 at the end of 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Note 4 for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts at the end of 2020 and 2019.
