ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
As of February 1, 2022, there were approximately 6,911 EPCO personnel who spend all or a substantial portion of their time engaged in our business. From a diversity perspective, approximately 15 % of these personnel were female and approximately 30 % of these personnel were minorities. We believe that the diversity of our workforce compares favorably to that of related energy industries.
The health and safety of those working on our behalf is a top priority. We promote a culture in which all personnel share the same commitment to health and safety, and recognize the importance of mitigating risks. Acting upon our commitment to safety, we engage all levels of employees and management, our Board, our contractors, and various external entities and organizations. We strive to achieve a goal of zero incidents and injuries. We track our safety performance by monitoring our Total Recordable Incident Rate (“TRIR”), which is an OSHA measure that generally reflects the number of recordable incidents per 100 full-time workers during a one-year period. Our TRIR for 2021 was 0.38, which compares favorably to the average TRIR for the midstream industry over the last six years. We strive for year-to-year improvement in our safety performance.
Our real property holdings fall into two basic categories: (i) parcels that we and our unconsolidated affiliates own in fee (e.g., we own the land upon which our Chambers County complex is constructed) and (ii) parcels in which our interests and those of our unconsolidated affiliates are derived from leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits or licenses from landowners or governmental authorities permitting the use of such land for our operations. The fee sites upon which our significant facilities are located have been owned by us or our predecessors in title for many years without any material challenge known to us relating to title to the land upon which the assets are located, and we believe that we have satisfactory title to such fee sites. We and our affiliates have no knowledge of any material challenge to the underlying fee title of any material lease, easement, right-of-way, permit or license held by us or to our rights pursuant to any material lease, easement, right-of-way, permit or license, and we believe that we have satisfactory rights pursuant to all of our material leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits and licenses.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We run our business with a long-term perspective, and we believe the successful delivery of our strategic plan will drive top- and bottom-line growth and enable us to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
We sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries, including 133 manufacturing and processing facilities across 45 countries. The portion of our net revenues generated outside the United States was 73.2% in 2020, 74.4% in 2019 and 75.3% in 2018. For more information on our U.S. and non-U.S. operations, refer to Note 18, Segment Reporting; on our manufacturing and other facilities, refer to Item 2, Properties ; and risks related to our operations outside the United States, see Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
• Our emerging markets include our Latin America region in its entirety; the Asia, Middle East and Africa (“AMEA”) region, excluding Australia, New Zealand and Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In November 2021, the FASB issued guidance requiring disclosure for transactions with a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution accounting model by analogy to other guidance. The annual disclosures include the nature of the transactions, significant terms and conditions, accounting treatment and impacted financial statement lines reflecting the impact of the transactions. The Company adopted the guidance effective January 1, 2022, and no additional disclosures were required. The Company receives production incentives that are analogous to investment tax credits. (See Film and Television Content Rights policy above.) 
In September 2022, the FASB issued guidance updating the disclosure requirements for supplier finance program obligations. This guidance provides specific authoritative guidance for disclosure of supplier finance programs, including key terms of such programs, amounts outstanding, and where the obligations are presented in the statement of financial position. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods, except for the disclosure of roll forward information, which is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023. Certain components of this guidance must be applied retrospectively, while others may be applied prospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
Prior to the Merger, Discovery had three series of common stock authorized, issued, and outstanding - Series A common stock, Series B convertible common stock, and Series C common stock - and two series of preferred stock authorized, issued, and outstanding - Series A-1 convertible preferred stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. In connection with the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of Discovery Series A common stock, Discovery Series B convertible common stock, and Discovery Series C common stock, was reclassified and automatically converted into one share of WBD common stock, and each issued and outstanding share of Discovery Series A-1 convertible preferred stock (“Series A-1 Preferred Stock”) and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock was reclassified and automatically converted into 13.1135 and 19.3648 shares of WBD common stock, respectively.
