COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
A 100 basis-point change in interest rates as of the end of 2019  would have had an immaterial incremental change in fair market value. For those investments that are classified as available-for-sale, the unrealized gains or losses related to fluctuations in market volatility and interest rates are reflected within stockholders’ equity in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The nature and amount of our long-term debt may vary as a result of business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. As of the end of 2019 , long-term debt with fixed interest rates was $6,852 . Fluctuations in interest rates may affect the fair value of the fixed-rate debt. See Note 4  to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more information on our long-term debt. 
Our foreign subsidiaries conduct certain transactions in non-functional currencies, which exposes us to fluctuations in exchange rates. We manage these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of these fluctuations on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts are intended primarily to economically hedge exposure to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by our international subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. We seek to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and do not intend to engage in speculative transactions. For additional information related to the Company's forward foreign-exchange contracts, see Notes 1  and 3  to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. A hypothetical 10% strengthening of the functional currency compared to the non-functional currency exchange rates at September 1, 2019 , would have decreased the fair value of the contracts by $79 and resulted in an unrealized loss in the consolidated statements of income for the same amount.

BOEING CO report:
Money market funds, available-for-sale debt investments and equity securities are valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices or broker/dealer quotes of identical or comparable instruments. 
Derivatives include foreign currency and commodity contracts. Our foreign currency forward contracts are valued using an income approach based on the present value of the forward rate less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. Commodity derivatives are valued using an income approach based on the present value of the commodity index prices less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. 
Certain assets have been measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The following table presents the nonrecurring losses recognized for the years ended December 31 due to long-lived asset impairment, and the fair value and asset classification of the related assets as of the impairment date:

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company records compensation expense related to awards under these plans over the shorter of the period in which the requisite service is rendered or retirement eligibility is attained. Compensation expense for performance share awards is based on the probable number of awards expected to vest using the performance level most likely to be achieved at the end of the performance period. As of December 31, 2018 , total unrecognized compensation cost related to all nonvested awards was $89 million , of which $29 million  related to nonqualified stock options which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average vesting period of 1.71 years, $23 million  related to restricted stock units which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average vesting period of 1.69 years and $37 million  related to performance stock awards which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average vesting period of 1.59 years. 
Options are granted to employees with exercise prices equal to the closing share price of the Company’s common stock on the applicable grant date. Options granted to employees on or after February 18, 2014 vest ratably over a three -year period. Options granted prior to February 18, 2014 vest 50%  on the second anniversary of the grant date and 25%  on each of the third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. Vesting is subject to continued service, except for employees who are retirement eligible and in certain other limited circumstances. Options may be exercised once vested and will expire no later than ten  years after the date of grant. 
Restricted stock units for directors vest immediately and convert into shares of stock on the earlier of the day of the third anniversary of the grant date or the date the director’s service terminates, unless a deferred period of restriction is elected. Restricted stock units granted to directors prior to
