SALESFORCE INC report:
We have entered into various contractual commitments with infrastructure service providers for a total commitment of $2.0 billion , which are reflected in the table above under "contractual commitments." As of January 31, 2019 , the total remaining commitment is approximately $1.8 billion  and $264 million  is due in the next fiscal year. 
Purchase orders are not included in the table above. Our purchase orders represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. The contractual commitment amounts in the table above are associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum services to be used; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in the table above. 
During fiscal 2019  and in future fiscal years, we have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. Additionally, we expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars and remain consistent as a percentage of total revenues in future periods as a result of continued office build-outs, other leasehold improvements and data center investments.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification, including expansion or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act.
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information, financial information and other sensitive personal information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, China, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California, Virginia, and Colorado) have enacted data protection laws that contain significant compliance obligations and financial penalties for noncompliance. In addition, regulators with general consumer protection authority, such as the Federal Trade Commission and U.S. states Attorneys General, are focused on how consumer data is used by entities in the health care industry. Further, there are regulations of data privacy and security that are specific to health care companies. For example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in business disruption and enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area. 
Governmental cost containment efforts also affect Abbott’s nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In May 2019, an employee filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp . (Case No. 2:19-cv-01340; E.D. Cal.). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. In September 2021, the court granted Costco’s motion for partial summary judgment and denied class certification. In August 2019, the plaintiff filed a companion case in state court seeking penalties under PAGA. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. FCS053454; Sonoma County Superior Court). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The state court action has been stayed pending resolution of the federal action. 
In December 2020, a former employee filed suit against the Company asserting collective and class claims on behalf of non-exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act and New York Labor Law for failure to pay for all hours worked, failure to pay certain non-exempt employees on a weekly basis, and failure to provide proper wage statements and notices. The plaintiff also asserted individual retaliation claims. Cappadora v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 1:20-cv-06067; E.D.N.Y.). An amended complaint was filed, and the Company denied the material allegations of the amended complaint. Based on an agreement in principle concerning settlement of the matter, involving a proposed payment by the Company of an immaterial amount, the federal action has been dismissed. In April 2022, Cappadora and a second plaintiff filed an action against the Company in New York state court asserting the same class claims asserted in the federal action under the New York Labor Law and seeking preliminary approval of the class settlement. Cappadora and Sancho v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Index No. 604757/2022; Nassau County Supreme Court). 
In August 2021, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting class claims on behalf of certain non-exempt employees under New York Labor Law for failure to pay on a weekly basis. Umadat v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:21-cv-4814; E.D.N.Y.). The Company answered the complaint on October 21, 2021, denying the material allegations. In April 2022, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting class claims on behalf of certain non-exempt employees under New York Labor Law, as well as under the Fair Labor Standards Act, for failure to pay on a weekly basis and failure to pay overtime. Burian v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:22-cv-02108; E.D.N.Y.).
