ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The ET Fuel System serves some of the most prolific production areas in the United States and is comprised of intrastate natural gas pipeline and related natural gas storage facilities. The ET Fuel System has many interconnections with pipelines 
providing direct access to power plants, other intrastate and interstate pipelines, and has bi-directional capabilities. It is strategically located near high-growth production areas and provides access to the Waha Hub near Pecos, Texas, the Katy Hub near Houston, Texas and the Carthage Hub in East Texas, the three major natural gas trading centers in Texas. 
The ET Fuel System also includes the Bethel natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 6.0 Bcf , an average withdrawal capacity of 300 MMcf/d  and an injection capacity of 75 MMcf/d , and the Bryson natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 5.2 Bcf , an average withdrawal capacity of 120 MMcf/d  and an average injection capacity of 96 MMcf/d . Storage capacity on the ET Fuel System is contracted to third parties under fee-based arrangements that extend through 2023.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On June 7, 2018, we acquired a U.S. premium biscuit company, Tate’s Bake Shop, within our North America segment and extended our premium biscuit offering. During the second quarter of 2018, we paid $ 528 million, net of cash received, and during the second quarter of 2019, we finalized the purchase price at $ 527 million. The purchase price allocation included $ 45 million to definite-life intangible assets, $ 205 million to indefinite-life intangible assets, $ 297 million to goodwill, $ 16 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 5 million to inventory, $ 9 million to accounts receivable, $ 7 million to current liabilities and $ 43 million to deferred tax liabilities. Through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition, Tate's added incremental net revenues of $ 35 million and an immaterial amount of incremental operating income in 2019. 
Capital expenditures as presented on the statement of cash flow were $ 0.9 billion, $ 0.9 billion and $ 1.1 billion for the years ending December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 and excluded $ 275 million, $ 334 million and $ 331 million for accrued capital expenditures not yet paid. 
In connection with our restructuring program, we recorded non-cash property, plant and equipment write-downs (including accelerated depreciation and asset impairments) and losses/(gains) on disposal within asset impairment and exit costs on the consolidated statements of earnings and within the segment results as follows (refer to Note 8, Restructuring Program ):

SALESFORCE INC report:
We have historically provided and continue to provide our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also provide our services via cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. In fiscal 2022, we launched Hyperforce, a reimagination of our platform architecture built to securely and reliably deliver the Customer 360 platform on major public clouds, in select regions and with select offerings. We continue to invest in Hyperforce and look to make it available in more regions in fiscal 2023. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions, including our most recent acquisitions of Slack, Tableau, and MuleSoft. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.
