WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents the pretax gains (losses) on derivatives not designated as hedges and recognized in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations (in millions). 
Redeemable noncontrolling interests are presented outside of permanent equity on the Company's consolidated balance sheet when the put right is outside of the Company's control. Redeemable noncontrolling interests reflected as of the balance sheet date are the greater of the noncontrolling interest balances adjusted for comprehensive income items and distributions or the redemption values remeasured at the period end foreign exchange rates. Adjustments to the carrying amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests to redemption value as a result of changes in exchange rates are reflected in currency translation adjustments, a component of other comprehensive income (loss). Such currency translation adjustments to redemption value are allocated to Discovery stockholders only. Redeemable noncontrolling interest adjustments of carrying value to redemption value are reflected in retained earnings. The adjustment of carrying value to the redemption value that reflects a redemption in excess of fair value is included as an adjustment to income from continuing operations available to Discovery, Inc. stockholders in the calculation of earnings per share. (See Note 19.) The table below summarizes the Company's redeemable noncontrolling interests balances (in millions). 
—   —   25   Cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests ( 11 ) ( 31 ) ( 39 ) Equity exchange with Harpo for step acquisition of OWN —   ( 50 ) —   Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interest ( 26 ) —   —   Comprehensive income adjustments: Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
a non-controlling interest in PES. Prior to PES’s reorganization in August 2018, ETO’s   33%   interest in PES was reflected as an unconsolidated affiliate; subsequent the August 2018 reorganization, ETO holds an approximately   8%   interest in PES and no longer reflects PES as an affiliate; and   
a decrease of $38 million  in Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates from ETO’s investment in PES primarily due to ETO’s lower ownership in PES subsequent to its reorganization, which resulted in PES no longer being reflected as an affiliate beginning in the third quarter of 2018; 
Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization.   Depreciation, depletion and amortization increased primarily due to additional depreciation and amortization from assets recently placed in service.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
EHT also includes an NGL import terminal. This import terminal can offload NGLs from tanker vessels at rates up to 8,000 barrels per hour depending on the product. Our NGL import volumes for the last three years were minimal.
EHT also provides terminaling services involving crude oil, propylene and refined products. EHT’s assets and activities associated with crude oil terminaling and storage are a component of our Crude Oil Pipelines & Services business segment. EHT’s activities involving propylene and refined products are a component of our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment.
 • The Morgan’s Point Ethane Export Terminal , located on the Houston Ship Channel, has a nameplate loading capacity of approximately 10,000 barrels per hour of fully refrigerated ethane and is the largest of its kind in the world. The terminal supports domestic production of U.S. ethane from shale plays by providing the global petrochemical industry with access to a low-cost feedstock option and opportunities for supply diversification. Ethane volumes handled by the terminal are sourced from our Mont Belvieu-area NGL fractionators and storage complex. Ethane loading volumes at the terminal averaged 134 MBPD, 143 MBPD and 146 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
