ALLSTATE CORP report:
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Assets Fixed income securities: Corporate - public $ —   $ —   $ ( 1 ) Corporate - privately placed 1   ( 2 ) —   Total fixed income securities 1   ( 2 ) ( 1 ) Equity securities 14   28   ( 1 ) Other investments 2   —   —   Other assets 38   65   —   Total recurring Level 3 assets $ 55   $ 91   $ ( 2 ) Liabilities Liabilities held for sale $ —   $ —   $ ( 43 ) Total recurring Level 3 liabilities —   —   ( 43 ) Total included in net income $ 55   $ 91   $ ( 45 ) Components of net income Net investment income $ 14   $ 1   $ ( 16 ) Net gains (losses) on investments and derivatives 41   90   14   Total included in net income $ 55   $ 91   $ ( 2 ) Assets Municipal $ 1   $ —   $ —   Corporate - public ( 5 ) —   1   Corporate - privately placed —   3   ( 5 ) Assets held for sale —   —   ( 5 ) Changes in unrealized net capital gains and losses reported in OCI $ ( 4 ) $ 3   $ ( 9 )  
Contractholder funds on investment contracts Level 3 $ 50   $ 50   $ 55   $ 55   Debt Level 2 7,964   7,449   7,976   9,150   Liability for collateral Level 2 2,011   2,011   1,444   1,444   
The Company uses derivatives for risk reduction and to increase investment portfolio returns through asset replication. Risk reduction activity is focused on managing the risks with certain assets and liabilities arising from the potential adverse impacts from changes in risk-free interest rates, changes in equity market valuations, increases in credit spreads and foreign currency fluctuations.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our daily net agricultural commodity position consists of inventory, forward purchase and sale contracts, and OTC and exchange traded derivative instruments, including those used to hedge portions of our production requirements. The fair value of that position is a summation of the fair values of each agricultural commodity, calculated by valuing all of our commodity positions for the period at quoted market prices, where available, or by utilizing a close proxy. VaR is calculated on the net position and monitored at the 95% confidence interval. In addition, scenario analysis and stress testing are performed. For example, one measure of market risk is estimated as the potential loss in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in prices. The results of this analysis, which may differ from actual results, are as follows: 
Ocean freight represents a significant portion of our operating costs. The market price for ocean freight varies depending on the supply and demand for ocean vessels, global economic conditions, and other factors. We enter into time charter agreements for time on ocean freight vessels based on forecasted requirements for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. Our time charter agreements generally have terms ranging from two months to approximately seven years . We use financial derivatives, generally freight forward agreements, to hedge portions of our ocean freight costs. The ocean freight derivatives are included in other current assets and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. 
We purchase various energy commodities such as electricity, natural gas and bunker fuel, which are used to operate our manufacturing facilities and ocean freight vessels. These energy commodities are subject to price risk. We use financial derivatives, including exchange traded and OTC swaps and options for various purposes, to manage our exposure to volatility in energy costs and market prices. These energy derivatives are included in other current assets and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value.

BOEING CO report:
BCA loss from operations was $6,657 million in 2019 compared with earnings from operations of $7,830 million in 2018. The decrease of $14,487 million is primarily due to lower 737 deliveries and earnings charges related to the 737 MAX. 
The 737 MAX grounding and the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to have a significant adverse impact on future earnings and margins until 737 MAX deliveries ramp up and wide-body deliveries return to historical levels. 
Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due and where no contingencies remain before we and the customer are required to perform. Backlog does not include prospective orders where customer controlled contingencies remain, such as the customer receiving approval from its board of directors, shareholders or government or completing financing arrangements. All such contingencies must be satisfied or have expired prior to recording a new firm order even if satisfying such conditions is highly certain. Backlog excludes options and BCC orders. A number of our customers may have contractual remedies, including rights to reject individual airplane deliveries if the actual delivery date is significantly later than the contractual delivery date. We address customer claims and requests for other contractual relief as they arise. The value of orders in backlog is adjusted as changes to price and schedule are agreed to with customers and is reported in accordance with the requirements of Topic 606.
