MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Financing Costs – We regularly evaluate our variable and fixed-rate debt. We continue to use low-cost, short- and long-term debt to finance our ongoing working capital, capital expenditures and other investments, dividends and share repurchases. We continued to secure low-cost short and long-term debt during 2021. In September 2021, we issued our first green bonds, raising nearly €2.0 billion and enabling us to cost-effectively fund eligible projects that align with our sustainability priorities in the areas of building a thriving ingredient supply chain and reducing our environmental impact. In September 2021, through our subsidiary Mondelez International Holdings Netherlands B.V. (“MIHN”), we also issued €300 million of zero interest exchangeable notes that are redeemable for cash or existing ordinary shares of JDE Peet's at our option. We also continue to use interest rate swaps and other financial instruments to manage our exposure to interest rate and cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the value of our debt. We also enter into cross-currency interest rate swaps, forwards and option collars to hedge our non-U.S. net investments against adverse movements in exchange rates. Our net investment hedge derivative contracts have had and are expected to have a favorable impact and reduce some of the financing costs and related currency impacts within our interest costs. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , and Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information on our debt and derivative activity. 
Cybersecurity Risks – Global cybersecurity risks continue to increase, including during the pandemic and as more employees are working remotely and virtually outside of traditional workplaces. In response, we continue to be on heightened alert and dedicate focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery and to provide ongoing workforce training and employ security measures to protect our systems and data. We are also focusing on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. While we have taken security measures to protect our systems and data, security measures cannot provide absolute certainty or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. 
The following table includes significant income or (expense) items that affected the comparability of our results of operations and our effective tax rates. Please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements indicated below for more information. Refer also to the Consolidated Results of Operations – Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Attributable to Mondelēz International table for the after-tax per share impacts of these items.

SALESFORCE INC report:
To test the Company’s judgments and conclusions related to the identification of performance obligations and determination of standalone selling prices, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining an understanding of the Company’s various service offerings and evaluating management’s conclusions regarding which were distinct. We read a sample of executed contracts to assess management’s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance obligations, and the related standalone selling price. We evaluated the information utilized to determine standalone selling price and we tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company’s calculations. 
Impairment of Strategic Investments Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company holds investments in privately held equity securities, which are assessed for impairment at least quarterly. The Company’s impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the investee's financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee's product or technology and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining if an investment is impaired based on the information available about the investee. 
Auditing the Company’s accounting for impairment of privately held equity securities required significant judgment to evaluate management’s assessment of impairment indicators to evaluate whether investments are impaired considering the current economic environment.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We use NGL and crude derivative swap contracts to hedge forecasted sales of NGL and condensate equity volumes we retain for fees in our midstream segment whereby our subsidiaries generally gather and process natural gas on behalf of producers, sell the resulting residue gas and NGL volumes at market prices and remit to producers an agreed upon percentage of the proceeds based on an index price for the residue gas and NGL. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. 
We utilize swaps, futures and other derivative instruments to mitigate the risk associated with market movements in the price of refined products and NGLs to manage our storage facilities and the purchase and sale of purity NGL. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. 
We use futures and swaps to achieve ratable pricing of crude oil purchases, to convert certain expected refined product sales to fixed or floating prices, to lock in margins for certain refined products and to lock in the price of a portion of natural gas purchases or sales. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes.
