SALESFORCE INC report:
The unearned revenue balance on our consolidated  balance sheets does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations ("Remaining Performance Obligation") represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms and foreign currency exchange rates. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance obligation is typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increases if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining performance obligations attributable to a particular subscription agreement are often associated with an impending renewal and may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. 
Cost of subscription and support revenues primarily consists of expenses related to delivering our service and providing support, the costs of data center capacity, depreciation or operating lease expense associated with computer equipment and software, allocated overhead, amortization expense associated with capitalized software related to our services and acquired developed technologies and certain fees paid to various third parties for the use of their technology, services and data. We allocate overhead such as IT infrastructure, rent, and occupancy charges based on headcount. Employee benefit costs and taxes are allocated based upon a percentage of total compensation expense. As such, general overhead expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category. Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, including stock-based expenses, the cost of subcontractors, certain third-party fees and allocated overhead. The cost of providing professional services is higher as a percentage of the related revenue than for our enterprise cloud computing subscription service due to the direct labor costs and costs of subcontractors. 
We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services. For example, we have invested in additional database software and hardware and we plan to increase the capacity that we are able to offer globally through data centers and third-party infrastructure providers. In addition, we intend to continue to invest additional resources in enhancing our cyber security measures. As we acquire new businesses and technologies, the amortization expense associated with the purchase of acquired developed technology will be included in cost of revenues. Additionally, as we enter into new contracts with third parties for the use of their technology, services or data, or as our sales volume grows, the fees paid to use such technology or services may increase. Finally, we expect the cost of professional services to be approximately in line with revenues from professional services as we believe this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. The timing of these additional expenses will affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in the affected periods.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
ABS Facility— On September 20, 2019, the ABS Facility was amended to, among other things, lower the interest rate margin on borrowings under the facility. The maximum borrowing capacity under the ABS Facility is $ 800 million . USF had $ 190 million of outstanding borrowings under the ABS Facility as of December 28, 2019 . The Company, at its option, can request additional borrowings up to the maximum commitment, provided sufficient eligible receivables are available as collateral. There was available capacity of $ 552 million under the ABS Facility as of December 28, 2019 . 
Borrowings under the ABS Facility bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin of 0.95 % , and the ABS Facility carries an unused commitment fee of 0.35 % or 0.45 % based on USF's utilization of the ABS Facility. The weighted-average interest rate on outstanding borrowings for the ABS Facility was 3.23 % and 3.00 % for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. The ABS Facility is scheduled to mature on September 21, 2022. The Company incurred $ 1 million of lender fees and third party costs in connection with the amendment of the ABS Facility on September 20, 2019, which were capitalized as deferred financing costs and will be amortized through September 21, 2022, the ABS Facility maturity date. 
The Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2011 (as amended, the “Term Loan Credit Agreement’), provides USF with a senior secured term loan (the "Initial Term Loan Facility"), an incremental senior secured term loan issued in September 2019 (the “Incremental Term Loan Facility”) and the right to request incremental senior secured term loan commitments.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The following table summarizes the activity for foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges, debt designated as a hedge of net investment in a foreign subsidiary and certain other derivative financial instruments, as well as the amounts and location of income (expense) and gain (loss) reclassified into income. 
A gain of $ 70 million, a gain of $ 19 million and a loss of $ 171 million were recognized in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedges. These amounts are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line. 
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.
