COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Evaluating the key assumptions underlying the Company’s actuarial estimates by developing an independent expectation of the self-insurance liabilities and comparing them to the amounts recorded by the Company; and 
Evaluating the qualifications of the Company’s actuaries by assessing their certifications, and determining whether they met the Qualification Standards of the American Academy of Actuaries to render the statements of actuarial opinion implicit in their analyses. 
As of September 2, 2018, the Company identified a material weakness in internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls (ITGCs) in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain information technology (IT) systems that support the Company’s financial reporting processes. Automated and manual business process controls that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. While our report dated October 10, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 1, 2019, during a portion of the 52-week period ended September 1, 2019, the ITGCs were ineffective and the information or system generated reports produced by the affected financial reporting systems could not be relied upon without further testing. We identified the performance of the necessary incremental audit procedures over the financial information reliant on the impacted IT systems as a critical audit matter. Significant auditor judgment was required to design and execute the incremental audit procedures and to assess the sufficiency of the procedures performed and evidence obtained due to ineffective controls and the complexity of the Company’s IT environment.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Goodwill is allocated to our reporting units, which are our operating segments or one level below our operating segments (the component level). Reporting units are determined by the discrete financial information available for the component and whether it is regularly reviewed by segment management. Components are aggregated into a single reporting unit if they share similar economic characteristics. Our reporting units are as follows: U.S. Networks, Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific. 
We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 or earlier upon the occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization. If we believe that as a result of our qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is required. The quantitative impairment test requires significant judgment in determining the fair value of the reporting units. We determine the fair value of our reporting units by using a combination of the income approach, which incorporates the use of the discounted cash flow (“DCF”) method and the market multiple approach, which incorporates the use of EBITDA multiples based on market data. For the DCF method, we use projections specific to the reporting unit, as well as those based on general economic conditions, which require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Determining fair value specific to each reporting unit requires the Company to exercise judgment when selecting the appropriate discount rates, control premiums, terminal growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, including revenue growth rates and profit margins. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for each reporting unit are based on the reporting unit's budget, long range plan, and recent operating performance. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and market conditions. 
During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units and it determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of those reporting units exceeded their carrying values, therefore, no quantitative goodwill impairment analysis was performed

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our natural gas marketing activities decreased $51.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins (including the impact of hedging activities), which accounted for a $37.0 million decrease, and lower sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $14.1 million decrease.
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):
Gross operating margin from our propylene production facilities increased a combined $14.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower operating costs, which accounted for an $18.9 million increase, and higher exchange and storage fee revenues, which accounted for an additional $15.6 million increase, partially offset by lower propylene and associated by-product sales volumes, which accounted for a $23.6 million decrease. Propylene production volumes at these facilities decreased a combined 6 MBPD year-to-year (net to our interest). As refiners reduced their utilization rates in response to lower demand for refined products caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a decrease in the availability of refinery grade propylene feedstock used by our facilities to create polymer grade propylene. As a result, our propylene production volumes were reduced, with the largest impacts occurring in the second quarter of 2020.
