ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• a decrease of $13 million in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily resulting from a $17 million favorable settlement related to excise taxes on Rover and a $5 million decrease in employee costs due to cost-cutting initiatives, partially offset by a $4 million increase in legal and consulting fees related to an ongoing rate case and shipper bankruptcies and a $3 million increase in allocated overhead costs. 
Volumes. For the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the prior year, gathered volumes decreased primarily in the South Texas and Northeast regions, partially offset by the impact of the SemGroup acquisition in the Mid-Continent/Panhandle region and volume growth in the Ark-La-Tex and Permian regions. NGL production increased due to the impact of the SemGroup acquisition in the Mid-Continent/Panhandle region and ethane uplift in the Permian, South Texas and North Texas regions. 
• an increase of $55 million in fee-based margin due to the impact of the SemGroup acquisition in the Mid-Continent/Panhandle region and recognized $103 million related to the restructuring and assignment of certain gathering and processing contracts in the Ark-La-Tex region, which included the recognition of $75 million of deferred revenue received in prior periods. This increase was partially offset by the impact of volume declines in the South Texas region;

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company has agreements to receive funds from vendors for discounts and a variety of other programs. These programs are evidenced by signed agreements that are reflected in the carrying value of the inventory when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning the rebate or discount, and as a component of merchandise costs as the merchandise is sold. Other vendor consideration is generally recorded as a reduction of merchandise costs upon completion of contractual milestones, terms of the related agreement, or by another systematic approach. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and workers’ compensation costs for warehouse employees (other than fresh foods departments and certain ancillary businesses which are reflected in merchandise costs) as well as all regional and home office employees, including buying personnel. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include substantially all building and equipment depreciation, stock compensation expense, credit and debit card processing fees, utilities, preopening, as well as other operating costs incurred to support warehouse and e-commerce website operations. 
The Company's 401(k) retirement plan is available to all U.S. employees over the age of 18 who have completed 90 days of employment. The plan allows participants to make wage deferral contributions, a portion of which the Company matches. In addition, the Company provides each eligible participant an annual discretionary contribution. The Company also has a defined contribution plan for employees in Canada and contributes a percentage of each employee's wages. Certain subsidiaries in the Company's Other International operations have defined benefit and defined contribution plans, which are not material. Amounts expensed under all plans were $ 824 , $ 748 , and $ 676 for 2022, 2021, and 2020, and are predominantly included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS — Internal research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Clinical trial costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the contracted work is performed. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development arrangements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the milestone results are achieved.
ACQUIRED IN-PROCESS AND COLLABORATIONS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (IPR&D) — The initial costs of rights to IPR&D projects obtained in an asset acquisition are expensed as IPR&D unless the project has an alternative future use. These costs include initial payments incurred prior to regulatory approval in connection with research and development collaboration agreements that provide rights to develop, manufacture, market and/or sell pharmaceutical or medical device products. The fair value of IPR&D projects acquired in a business combination are capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets until completed and are then amortized over the remaining useful life. Collaborations are not significant.
CONCENTRATION OF RISK AND GUARANTEES — Due to the nature of its operations, Abbott is not subject to significant concentration risks relating to customers, products or geographic locations. Product warranties are not significant.
