ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In another example of how future legal requirements could result in increased compliance costs, notwithstanding the applicability of the federal OSHA’s Process Safety Management (“PSM”) regulations and the EPA’s Risk Management Planning (“RMP”) requirements at regulated facilities, PHMSA and one or more state regulators, including the TRRC, have in recent years, expanded the scope of their regulatory inspections to include certain in-plant equipment and pipelines found within NGL fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities, in order to assess compliance of such equipment and pipelines with hazardous liquid pipeline safety requirements. To the extent that these actions are pursued by PHMSA, midstream operators of NGL fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities subject to such inspection may be required to make operational changes or modifications at their facilities to meet standards beyond current PSM and RMP requirements, which changes or modifications may result in additional capital costs, possible operational delays and increased costs of operation that, in some instances, may be significant. 
General. Our operation of processing plants, pipelines and associated facilities, including compression, in connection with the gathering, processing, storage and transmission of natural gas and the storage and transportation of NGLs, crude oil and refined products is subject to stringent federal, tribal, state and local laws and regulations, including those governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use, management and disposal of hazardous and nonhazardous materials and wastes, and the cleanup of contamination. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations, or incidents resulting in environmental releases, could cause us to incur substantial costs, penalties, fines and criminal sanctions, third-party claims for personal injury or property damage, capital expenditures to retrofit or upgrade our facilities and programs, or curtailment or cancellation of permits on operations. As with the industry generally, compliance with existing and anticipated environmental laws and regulations increases our overall cost of doing business, including our cost of planning, permitting, constructing and operating our plants, pipelines and other facilities. As a result of these laws and regulations, our construction and operation costs include capital, operating and maintenance cost items necessary to maintain or upgrade our equipment and facilities. 
We have implemented procedures designed to ensure that governmental environmental approvals for both existing operations and those under construction are updated as circumstances require. Historically, our environmental compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition; however, there can be no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future. For example, we cannot be certain, however, that identification of presently unidentified conditions, more rigorous enforcement by regulatory agencies, enactment of more stringent environmental laws and regulations or unanticipated events will not arise in the future and give rise to environmental liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in the near term as we continue to invest in technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. 
For fiscal 2023, the increase in marketing and sales expenses was primarily due to an increase of $1.3 billion in employee-related costs, including the amortization of deferred commissions and stock-based compensation expense. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by three percent since fiscal 2022 primarily due to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. Fiscal 2023 marketing and sales expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to our hiring pause that began in the second half of fiscal 2023, our January 2023 restructuring plan and decreased marketing expenses. 
We expect that marketing and sales expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may decrease as a percentage of revenues in the near term as we focus on leveraging our self-serve and partner-led channels and increasing our sales productivity.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
As described in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, unrecognized tax benefits were approximately $1.2 billion at December 31, 2019. Unrecognized tax benefits are assessed by management quarterly for identification and measurement, or more frequently if there are any indicators suggesting change in unrecognized tax benefits. Assessing tax positions involves judgement including interpreting tax laws of multiple jurisdictions and assumptions relevant to the measurement of an unrecognized tax benefit, including the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority. These judgements and assumptions can significantly affect unrecognized tax benefits. 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s identification and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as its process for the assessment of events that may indicate a change in unrecognized tax benefits is warranted. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the completeness of identified unrecognized tax benefits, as well as controls over management’s review of significant assumptions used within the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits. 
With the support of our tax professionals and valuation specialists, among other audit procedures performed, we evaluated the reasonableness of management’s judgement with respect to the interpretation of tax laws of multiple jurisdictions by reading and evaluating management’s documentation, including relevant accounting policies, and by considering how tax law, including statutes, regulations and case law, affected management’s judgments. We tested the completeness of management’s assessment of the identification of unrecognized tax benefits and possible outcomes related to it including evaluation of technical merits of the unrecognized tax benefits. We also tested appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions associated with the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, including assessing the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority.
