ALLSTATE CORP report:
When the Company assesses it is reasonably possible or probable that a loss has been incurred, it discloses the matter. When it is possible to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss above the amount accrued, if any, for the matters disclosed, that estimate is aggregated and disclosed. Disclosure is 
For certain of the matters described below in the “Claims related proceedings” and “Other proceedings” subsections, the Company is able to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss above the amount accrued, if any. In determining whether it is possible to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss, the Company reviews and evaluates the disclosed matters, in conjunction with counsel, in light of potentially relevant factual and legal developments. 
These developments may include information learned through the discovery process, rulings on dispositive motions, settlement discussions, information obtained from other sources, experience from managing these and other matters, and other rulings by courts, arbitrators or others. When the Company possesses sufficient appropriate information to develop an estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss above the amount accrued, if any, that estimate is aggregated and disclosed below. There may be other disclosed matters for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, but such an estimate is not possible. Disclosure of the estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss above the amount accrued, if any, for any individual matter would only be considered when there have been sufficient legal and factual developments such that the Company’s ability to resolve the matter would not be impaired by the disclosure of the individual estimate.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Oilseeds, Net sales increased $1,586 million primarily due to higher soybean sales volumes and prices in our Chinese, Brazilian, European, and North American oilseed processing businesses, primarily driven by increased meal demand in China and increased oil demand in North America, higher sales volumes and prices in our European and Canadian oilseed processing businesses, and higher sales prices in our global oilseed trading and distribution businesses, partially offset by lower overall trading and distribution volumes. 
• In Grains, Net sales decreased $464 million due to lower sales volumes and prices in our grain trading and distribution businesses, lower sales volumes and prices in our European grain origination business, and lower sales prices in our Brazilian origination business. These decreases were partially offset by higher volumes in our Brazilian grain origination business driven by increased farmer selling in response to depreciation of Brazilian real versus the U.S. dollar earlier in the year, and higher volumes in our North American grain origination business driven by increased demand from China following an easing of trade restrictions in place for much of the prior year. 
Cost of goods sold increased by $435 million, or approximately 2%, to $27,749 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to $27,314 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The net increase was primarily due to the following:

BOEING CO report:
to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. 
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in earnings during 2018 was a benefit of $1,005 million , largely consistent with a benefit of $1,127 million in 2017 and $1,029 million in 2016 . The non-operating pension expense included in Other income/(loss), net was a benefit of $143 million in 2018 and $117 million in 2017 , compared with an expense of $327 million in 2016 . The benefits in 2018 and 2017 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses. The expense in 2016 reflects the amortization of non-service costs previously capitalized as inventory in prior years, primarily interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses in excess of expected returns. 
For further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs see the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 21 of this Form 10-K and see Note 23 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit cost, primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts.
