ALLSTATE CORP report:
The target asset allocation for an asset category may be achieved either through direct investment holdings, through replication using derivative instruments (e.g., futures or swaps) or net of hedges using derivative instruments to reduce exposure to an asset category. The net notional amount of derivatives used for replication and non-hedging strategies is limited to 115 % of total plan assets. Market performance of the different asset categories may, from time to time, cause deviation from the target 
Outside the target asset allocation, the pension plans participate in a securities lending program to enhance returns. As of December 31, 2019 , U.S. government fixed income securities and U.S. equity securities are lent out and cash collateral is invested in short-term investments. 
The securities lending obligation represents the plan’s obligation to return securities lending collateral received under a securities lending program. The terms of the program allow both the plan and the counterparty the right and ability to redeem/return the securities loaned on short notice. Due to its relatively short-term nature, the outstanding balance of the obligation approximates fair value.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and accounts receivable. Collateral is not required for accounts receivable. The Company maintains an allowance for its doubtful accounts receivable due to estimated credit losses. This allowance is based upon historical loss patterns, the number of days that billings are past due, an evaluation of the potential risk of loss associated with delinquent accounts and current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss patterns. The Company records the allowance against bad debt expense through the consolidated statement of operations, included in general and administrative expense, up to the amount of revenues recognized to date. Any incremental allowance is recorded as an offset to unearned revenue on the consolidated balance sheet. Receivables are written off and charged against the recorded allowance when the Company has exhausted collection efforts without success. 
No single customer accounted for more than five percent of accounts receivable at January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020. No single customer accounted for five percent or more of total revenue during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. As of January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020, assets located outside the Americas were 15 percent and 12 percent of total assets, respectively. As of January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020, assets located in the United States were 82 percent and 87 percent of total assets, respectively. 
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio. As of January 31, 2021, the Company held one publicly traded investment with a carrying value that was approximately 35 percent of its total strategic investments, one publicly traded investment with a carrying value greater than 15 percent of its total strategic investments, and one privately held investment with a carrying value that was individually greater than five percent of its strategic investment portfolio. The two publicly held investments represented 53 percent of the total balance of the Company’s strategic investments as of January 31, 2021. As of January 31, 2020, the Company held five investments that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments, of which one was publicly traded and four were privately held.

BOEING CO report:
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 and Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, require disclosure of certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran that occurred during the period covered by this report. Disclosure is required even if the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. In connection with the U.S. withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (Iran Nuclear Agreement), we engaged in activities during the third quarter that were required to unwind and terminate all agreements with Iranian airlines entered into prior to the withdrawal. These activities were authorized by a license from the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), and generated no revenues or profits. In addition, during the fourth quarter Iran Aseman Airlines requested Boeing support, and we replied that the current laws of the United States do not permit Boeing to provide any services, parts, or aircraft without a license from OFAC. 
Substantially all contracts at BDS, certain military derivative aircraft contracts at BCA and certain contracts at BGS are long-term contracts. Our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services and the significant service of integration that we provide. 
Accounting for long-term contracts involves a judgmental process of estimating the total sales, costs, and profit for each performance obligation. Cost of sales is recognized as incurred and revenue is determined by adding a proportionate amount of the estimated profit to the amount reported as cost of sales.
