COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We buy most of our merchandise directly from manufacturers and route it to cross-docking consolidation points (depots) or directly to our warehouses. Our depots receive large shipments from manufacturers and quickly ship these goods to warehouses. This process creates freight volume and handling efficiencies, lowering costs associated with traditional multiple-step distribution channels. 
Our average warehouse space is approximately 146,000 square feet, with newer units being slightly larger. Floor plans are designed for economy and efficiency in the use of selling space, the handling of merchandise, and the control of inventory. Because shoppers are attracted principally by the quality of merchandise and low prices, our warehouses are not elaborate. By strictly controlling the entrances and exits and using a membership format, we believe our inventory losses (shrinkage) are well below those of typical retail operations. 
Our warehouses on average operate on a seven-day, 70-hour week. Gasoline operations generally have extended hours. Because the hours of operation are shorter than other retailers, and due to other efficiencies inherent in a warehouse-type operation, labor costs are lower relative to the volume of sales. Merchandise is generally stored on racks above the sales floor and displayed on pallets containing large quantities, reducing labor required. In general, with variations by country, our warehouses accept certain credit cards, including Costco co-branded cards, debit cards, cash and checks, co-brand cardholder rebates, executive member 2% reward certificates and our proprietary stored-value card (shop card).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Non-cash asset impairment charges decreased $180 million year-to-year primarily due to the partial impairment of our marine transportation business in December 2021, which accounted for $114 million of expense, and the sale of a coal bed natural gas gathering system and related Val Verde treating facility in March 2021, both of which were components of our San Juan Gathering System, which accounted for an additional $44 million of expense. For information regarding these charges, see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased $804 million when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the previously described year-to-year changes in revenues, operating costs and expenses, general and administrative costs and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates.
We capitalize interest costs incurred on funds used to construct property, plant and equipment while the asset is in its construction phase. Capitalized interest amounts become part of the historical cost of an asset and are charged to earnings (as a component of depreciation expense) on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset once the asset enters its intended service. When capitalized interest is recorded, it reduces interest expense from what it would be otherwise. Capitalized interest amounts fluctuate based on the timing of when projects are placed into service, our capital investment levels and the interest rates charged on borrowings.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to certain of the Company's uncertain tax positions could decrease by as much as $ 71 million within the next twelve months as a result of ongoing audits, foreign judicial proceedings, lapses of statutes of limitations or regulatory developments. 
As of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Company had accrued approximately $ 53 million, $ 58 million, and $ 51 million, respectively, of total interest and penalties payable related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 
In calculating earnings per share, the Company follows the two-class method, which distinguishes between classes of securities based on the proportionate participation rights of each security type in the Company's undistributed income. The Company's Series A, B and C common stock is treated as one class and the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is treated as a separate class for purposes of applying the two-class method. The Company's Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is an in-substance common stock equivalent as it has substantially equal rights and shares equally on an as-converted basis with respect to income available to Discovery, Inc. The Company's Series A-1 convertible preferred stock is also a separate class but is not considered a common stock equivalent and therefore is not presented separately in the calculation of earnings per share. Series A-1 convertible preferred stock is currently convertible into 9 shares of the Company's Series A common stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is convertible into 19.3648 shares of the Company's Series C common stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2018, no Series A-1 or C-1 convertible preferred stock was converted. During the year ended December 31, 2019, Advance Newhouse Programming Partnership converted 1.1 million of its Series C-1 convertible preferred stock into 22.0 million shares of Series C common stock.
