COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. Our membership counts include active memberships as well as memberships that have not renewed within the 12 months prior to the reporting date. 
The gross margin of our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased 16 basis points, primarily due to increases in fresh foods and softlines, partially offset by a decrease in hardlines. This measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses. Fresh foods gross margin increased as a result of efficiencies from increased sales, partially offset by operating losses from our poultry complex. 
Total gross margin percentage increased 18 basis points compared to 2019. Excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin percentage was 11.10%, an increase of eight basis points. This increase was primarily due to a 32 basis point increase in our core merchandise categories, predominantly fresh foods and food and sundries, partially offset by a decrease in softlines and hardlines. This increase was also positively impacted by our co-branded credit card program, which included an adjustment in 2019 to our estimate of breakage on rewards earned. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 14 basis points in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly certain ancillary businesses that were negatively impacted by COVID-19 related closures or restrictions. However, certain of our ancillary and other businesses, such as tire shop, gasoline and e-commerce businesses, did improve. Gross margin was also negatively impacted by incremental wage and sanitation costs related to COVID-19 of six basis points, a reserve for certain inventory of three basis points, and increased spending by members under the Executive Membership 2% reward program of one basis point. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $68 in 2020.

BOEING CO report:
We will continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in future quarters. Changes in our forecasts, discount rates, or decreases in the value of our common stock could cause book values to exceed their fair values which may result in goodwill impairment charges in future periods. 
Many of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. Nonunion and the majority of union employees that had participated in defined benefit pension plans transitioned to a company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plan in 2016. Additional union employees transitioned to company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plans effective January 1, 2019. Accounting rules require an annual measurement of our projected obligation and plan assets. These measurements are based upon several assumptions, including the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of asset return. Future changes in assumptions or differences between actual and expected outcomes can significantly affect our future annual expense, projected benefit obligation and Shareholders’ equity. 
The projected benefit obligation is sensitive to discount rates. The projected benefit obligation would decrease by $2,591 million or increase by $2,930 million if the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points. A 25 basis point change in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on pension cost. However, net periodic pension cost is sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. A decrease or increase of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have increased or decreased 2020 net periodic pension cost by $145 million.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
statements in conformity with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the State of Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services (“MI DOI”). The MI DOI has granted the MCCA a statutory permitted practice that expires in June 30, 2022 to discount its liabilities for loss and loss adjustment expense. As of June 30, 2020, the date of its most recent annual financial report, the MCCA had cash and invested assets of $ 23.41 billion and an accumulated surplus of $ 2.44 billion. The permitted practice reduced the accumulated deficit by $ 34.73 billion. 
New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association PLIGA serves as the statutory administrator of the Unsatisfied Claim and Judgment Fund (“UCJF”), Workers’ Compensation Security Fund and the New Jersey Surplus Lines Insurance Guaranty Fund. 
In addition to its insolvency protection responsibilities, PLIGA reimburses insurers for unlimited excess medical benefits (“EMBs”) paid in connection with personal injury protection claims in excess of $ 75,000 for policies issued or renewed prior to January 1, 1991, and limited EMB claims in excess of $ 75,000 and capped at $ 250,000 for policies issued or renewed on or after January 1, 1991, to December 31, 2003.
