BOEING CO report:
We provide certain defined contribution plans to all eligible employees. The principal plans are the Company-sponsored 401(k) plans. The expense for these defined contribution plans was $ 1,533 , $ 1,480 and $ 1,522 in 2019, 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
Our 2003 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended and restated, permits awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or units, performance shares, performance restricted stock or units, performance units and other stock and cash-based awards to our employees, officers, directors, consultants, and independent contractors. The aggregate number of shares of our stock authorized for issuance under the plan is 87,000,000 . 
Shares issued as a result of stock option exercises or conversion of stock unit awards will be funded out of treasury shares, except to the extent there are insufficient treasury shares, in which case new shares will be issued. We believe we currently have adequate treasury shares to satisfy these issuances during 2020 .

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Potential reserve estimate variability The aggregation of numerous micro-level estimates for each business segment, line of insurance, major components of losses (such as coverages and perils), and major states or groups of states for reported losses and IBNR forms the reserve liability recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Because of this detailed approach to developing our reserve estimates, there is not a single set of assumptions that determines our reserve estimates at the consolidated level. Given the numerous micro-level estimates for reported losses and IBNR, management does not believe the processes that we follow will produce a statistically credible or reliable actuarial reserve range that would be meaningful. Reserve estimates, by their very nature, are very complex to determine and subject to significant judgment, and do not represent an exact determination for each outstanding claim. Accordingly, as actual claims, paid losses, and/or case reserve results emerge, our estimate of the ultimate cost to settle will be different than previously estimated. 
To develop a statistical indication of potential reserve variability within reasonably likely possible outcomes, an actuarial technique (stochastic modeling) is applied to the countrywide consolidated data elements for paid losses and paid losses combined with case reserves separately for injury losses, auto physical damage losses, and homeowners losses excluding catastrophe losses. Based on the combined historical variability of the development factors calculated for these data elements, an estimate of the standard error or standard deviation around these reserve estimates is calculated within each accident year for the last twelve years for each type of loss. The variability of these reserve estimates within one standard deviation of the mean (a measure of frequency of dispersion often viewed to be an acceptable level of accuracy) is believed by management to represent a reasonable and statistically probable measure of potential variability. Based on our products and coverages, historical experience, the statistical credibility of our extensive data and stochastic modeling of actuarial chain ladder methodologies used to develop reserve estimates, we estimate that the potential variability of our Allstate Protection reserves, excluding reserves for catastrophe losses, within a reasonable probability of other possible outcomes, may be approximately plus or minus 4%, or plus or minus $800 million in net income applicable to common shareholders. A lower level of variability exists for auto injury losses, which comprise approximately 80% of reserves, due to their relatively stable development patterns over a longer duration of time required to settle claims. Other types of losses, such as auto physical damage, homeowners losses and other personal lines losses, which comprise about 20% of reserves, tend to have greater variability but are settled in a much shorter period of time. Although this evaluation reflects most reasonably likely outcomes, it is possible the final outcome may fall below or above these amounts. Historical variability of reserve 
Reserves for Michigan and New Jersey unlimited personal injury protection Claims and claims expense reserves include reserves for Michigan mandatory unlimited personal injury protection coverage to insureds involved in qualifying motor vehicle accidents. The administration of this program is through the MCCA, a state-mandated, non-profit association of which all insurers actively writing automobile coverage in Michigan are members.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. Recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, raw materials and taxable services and other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in Brazil. Management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. The balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories, purchases of new inventories, percentages of export sales, seasonality, changes in applicable tax rates, cash payment by the applicable government agencies and compensation of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments. At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the allowance for recoverable taxes was $37 million and $39 million, respectively. We continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful, recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.We apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. Accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. The calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves complexities in the application of intricate tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. Future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $120 million  and $106 million , respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. For additional information on income taxes, please refer to Note 14 - Income Taxes  to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
On December 22, 2017, H.R. 1, commonly known as the “Tax Cuts and Jobs Act” (the “Tax Act”) was signed into U.S. law. As a result of the Tax Act and in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (“SAB 118”), Bunge recognized a provisional tax expense of $60 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the one-time transition tax (“Transition Tax”), the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the accrual of incremental withholding taxes on future repatriation of earnings to the United States. 
In the fourth quarter of 2018, Bunge completed its analysis of the impact of the Tax Act in conjunction with filing of its 2017 U.S. income tax return, assessment of additional documentation to determine the Transition Tax, and analysis of U.S. Treasury guidance on the Tax Act. As a result, Bunge recorded a tax benefit of $26 million, primarily related to our ability to utilize additional foreign tax credits to offset future repatriation of earnings to the United States.
