SALESFORCE INC report:
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2023, 2022 or 2021. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses, to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings. 
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that includes proactive monitoring, rapid incidence response and instruction from a dedicated support team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Claims for employee health-care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. We use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims. While we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. Historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. 
Our exposure to financial market risk results from fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions or hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment holdings that are diversified among various instruments considered to be cash equivalents, as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report, as well as short-term investments in government and agency securities with effective maturities of generally three months to five years at the date of purchase. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and secondarily to generate yields. The majority of our short-term investments are in fixed interest-rate securities. These securities are subject to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
After approval and commercial launch of some cardiovascular and neuromodulation products, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority. 
In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) and the In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replace the existing directives in the EU for medical devices and in vitro diagnostic products. The MDR and IVDR will apply after a three-year and five-year transition period, respectively, and will impose additional premarket and postmarket regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. 
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product's efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
