ALLSTATE CORP report:
The costs assigned to the right to receive future cash flows from certain business purchased from other insurers are also classified as DAC in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The costs capitalized represent the present value of future profits expected to be earned over the lives of the contracts acquired. These costs are amortized as profits emerge over the 
lives of the acquired business and are periodically evaluated for recoverability. The present value of future profits was $ 13 million and $ 24 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense of the present value of future profits was $ 11 million, $ 323 million and $ 14 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Reinsurance In the normal course of business, the Company seeks to limit aggregate and single exposure to losses on large risks by purchasing reinsurance. The Company has also used reinsurance to affect the disposition of certain blocks of business. Reinsurance does not extinguish the Company’s primary liability under the policies written. Therefore, in addition to establishing allowances as appropriate after evaluating reinsurers’ activities related to claims settlement practices and commutations, the Company evaluates reinsurer counterparty credit risk and records reinsurance recoverables net of credit loss allowances. The Company assesses counterparty credit risk for individual reinsurers separately when more relevant or on a pooled basis when shared risk characteristics exist. The evaluation considers the credit quality of the reinsurer and the period over which the recoverable balances are expected to be collected. The Company considers factors including past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts in the development of the estimate of credit loss allowances.

BOEING CO report:
• We inquired of project managers, engineers, supply chain leadership, and others directly involved with the execution of contracts to evaluate management’s ability to achieve the key cost and schedule estimates, as well as evaluate project status and challenges which may affect total estimated costs to complete. 
• We performed retrospective reviews when evaluating the thoroughness and precision of management’s estimation process and effectiveness of the related internal controls by comparing actual outcomes to previous estimates and the related financial statement impact, and evaluating key judgments made by management when determining the timing of changes to key estimates. 
• We tested the effectiveness of internal controls including, those over the review of significant judgments made and assumptions used to develop key estimates, key data used in developing the estimates and the mathematical extrapolation of such data.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In Brazil, our retail edible oil brands include Soya , the leading consumer packaged vegetable oil brand, as well as Primor  and Salada . We are also a leading producer in the Brazilian margarine market with our brands Delicia  and Primor , as well as in mayonnaise with our Soya , Primor  and Salada  brands. We are also a leading supplier of shortenings to the food processor market. We also produce processed tomato and other staple food products, including sauces, condiments and seasonings in Brazil under several brand names. 
In the United States and Canada, we offer food manufacturers, bakeries and foodservice operators high quality solutions to fit their goals, such as delivering desired tastes and textures, or reducing trans-fats or saturated fats in their products. Our products include trans-fat free high oleic canola oil that is low in saturated fats and high oleic soybean oil that is highly stable and trans-fat free. We have also developed proprietary fiber addition processes that allow bakery and food processor customers to achieve significant reductions in saturated fats in shortenings. We also offer expeller pressed and physically refined oils to food service customers under the brand Whole Harvest  and produce margarines and buttery spreads, including our leading brand Country Premium , for food service, food processor and retail private label customers. The Bunge Loders Croklaan product line also includes a variety of products for bakery and confectionary customers. 
In Europe, we are a leader in consumer packaged vegetable oils, which are sold in various geographies under brand names including Venusz , Floriol , Kujawski , Olek , Unisol , Ideal , Oleina , Maslenitsa , Oliwier , Salat   Rozumnitsa  and Komili , and a leader in margarines, including our brand names Smakowita , Maslo   Rosline , Masmix , Optima , Deli   Reform , Keiju , Evesol , Linco , Gottgott , Suvela  and Finuu . We are also a significant B2B oils supplier in the Western European foodservice channel. In addition, the Bunge Loders Croklaan product line also includes a variety of products for the confectionary and bakery industries.
