ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our strategy for growth is to deliver substantially more value through innovative products and technology, tailored solutions and exceptional service through investments in future-state technologies and data and analytics capabilities. 
The market for voluntary benefits is growing as these products help employees fill the increasing gaps associated with continued medical cost inflation and the shifting of costs from employers to employees to cover co-pays and deductibles. Favorable industry and economic trends have increased competitive pressure and attracted new traditional and non-traditional entrants to the voluntary benefits market. Recent entrants, including large group medical, life and disability insurance carriers, are leveraging core benefit capabilities by bundling and discounting to capture voluntary market share. 
Strategy Management of this segment has been assigned to a designated group of professionals with expertise in claims handling, policy coverage interpretation, exposure identification, litigation and reinsurance collection. As part of its responsibilities, this group may pursue settlement agreements including policy buybacks on direct excess commercial business when appropriate to improve the certainty of the liabilities. At the end of 2021, 70% of the direct excess gross case reserves were attributable to settlement agreements. This group also manages other direct commercial and assumed reinsurance business in runoff and engages in reinsurance ceded and assumed commutations as required or when considered economically advantageous.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In February 2021, a former employee filed a class action against the Company alleging violations of California Labor Code regarding payment of wages, meal and rest periods, wage statements, reimbursement of expenses, payment of final wages to terminated employees, and for unfair business practices. Edwards v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 5:21-cv-00716: C.D. Cal.). In May 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which was granted with leave to amend. In June 2021, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint, which the Company moved to dismiss later that month. The court granted the motion in part in July 2021 with leave to amend. In August 2021, the plaintiff filed a second amended complaint and filed a separate representative action under PAGA asserting the same Labor Code claims and seeking civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The Company filed an answer to the second 
In July 2021, a former temporary staffing employee filed a class action against the Company and a staffing company alleging violations of the California Labor Code regarding payment of wages, meal and rest periods, wage statements, the timeliness of wages and final wages, and for unfair business practices. Dimas v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. STK-CV-UOE-2021-0006024; San Joaquin Superior Court). The Company has moved to compel arbitration of the plaintiff's individual claims and to dismiss the class action complaint. On September 7, 2021, the same former employee filed a separate representative action under PAGA asserting the same Labor Code violations and seeking civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The case has been stayed pending the motion to compel in the related case. 
In September 2021, an employee filed a class action against the Company alleging violations of the California Labor Code regarding the alleged failure to provide sick pay, failure to timely pay wages due at separation from employment, and for violations of California's unfair competition law. De Benning v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 34-2021-00309030-CU-OE-GDS; Sacramento Superior Court). The Company answered the complaint in January 2022, denying its material allegations. In April 2022, a settlement for an immaterial amount was agreed upon, subject to court approval.

BOEING CO report:
Our backlog at December 31, 2021 was $ 377,499 . We expect approximately 17 % to be converted to revenue through 2022 and approximately 74 % through 2025, with the remainder thereafter. There is significant uncertainty regarding the timing of when backlog will convert into revenue due to 787 production issues and associated rework, timing of 737 MAX delivery resumption in China, timing of entry into service of the 777X, 737 MAX 7 and/or 737 MAX 10, and COVID-19 impacts. 
Unallocated items, eliminations and other include common internal services that support Boeing’s global business operations, intercompany guarantees provided to BCC and eliminations of certain sales between segments. Such sales include airplanes accounted for as operating leases and considered transferred to the BCC segment. We generally allocate costs to business segments based on the U.S. federal cost accounting standards. Components of Unallocated items, eliminations and other are shown in the following table. 
Pension costs, comprising GAAP service and prior service costs, are allocated to BCA and the commercial operations at BGS. Pension costs are allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers using U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. These costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. These expenses are included in Other income, net.
