ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Affordable Care Act also includes provisions known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, and medical supplies covered under Medicare and Medicaid to record any transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and to report this data to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for subsequent public disclosure. In October 2018, the Substance Use Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act significantly expanded the types of healthcare providers for which reporting is required, beginning with reports filed in 2022. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level domestically, and an increasing number of governments worldwide either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. Failure to report appropriate data may result in civil or criminal fines and/or penalties.
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act.
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information and financial information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California) have enacted stricter data protection laws that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
• If the Company elects to stop participation in a multiemployer pension plan, or if the number of the Company’s employees participating in a plan is reduced to a certain degree over certain periods of time, the Company may be required to pay a withdrawal liability based upon the underfunded status of the plan. 
The Company’s participation in multiemployer pension plans for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is outlined in the tables below. The Company considers significant plans to be those plans to which the Company contributed more than 5 % of total contributions to the plan in a given plan year, or for which the Company believes its estimated withdrawal liability, should it decide to voluntarily withdraw from the plan, may be material to the Company. For each plan that is considered individually significant to the Company, the following information is provided: 
• The most recent Pension Protection Act (“PPA”) zone status available for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 is for the plan years beginning in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The zone status is based on information provided to participating employers by each plan and is certified by the plan’s actuary. A plan in the red zone has been determined to be in critical status, or

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company invested $ 23 million in a noncontrolling equity investment in MapAnything prior to the acquisition. The Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 9 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in MapAnything held before the business combination. The gain is included in gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
In August 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama"), which provides a platform for enterprises, agencies and publishers to integrate data across marketing channels and data sources. The Company has included the financial results of Datorama, which are not material, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Datorama was approximately $ 766 million, which consisted of the following (in millions): 
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.4133 was applied to convert Datorama's outstanding equity awards for Datorama's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company's common stock.
