ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• molecular diagnostics polymerase chain reaction (PCR) instrument systems, including Alinity ® m and m2000™ that automate the extraction, purification, and preparation of DNA and RNA from patient samples, and detect and measure infectious agents including HIV, hepatitis, HPV, sexually transmitted infections, SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A & B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV); and products for oncology with the Vysis ® FISH product line of genomic-based tests; 
• rapid diagnostics lateral flow testing products in the area of infectious diseases such as SARS-CoV-2, including the BinaxNOW ® and Panbio ® rapid testing platforms, influenza, HIV, hepatitis, and tropical diseases such as malaria and dengue fever; molecular point-of-care testing for HIV, including the m-PIMA ® HIV-1/2 Viral Load Test, and for SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A & B, RSV and strep A, including the ID NOW ® rapid molecular system; cardiometabolic testing, including Afinion ® and Cholestech LDX ® platforms and tests; a toxicology business for drug and alcohol testing; and consumer self-testing; and 
• informatics and automation solutions for use in laboratories, including laboratory automation systems such as the GLP systems track™, the RALS ® point of care solution, and AlinIQ ® , a suite of informatics tools and professional services.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
From time to time, we may be party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe that any of our pending legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand the Company, our financial condition and results of operations and our present business environment. It should be read together with Item 6 of Part II, “Selected Financial Data,” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion and analysis contain certain financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information about our operating performance and liquidity. Information regarding reconciliations of and the rationale for these measures is discussed in “Non-GAAP Reconciliations” in Item 6 of Part II, “Selected Financial Data.” 
The following includes a comparison of our consolidated results of operations for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 . For a comparison of our consolidated results of operations for fiscal years 2018 and 2017 , see Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources,” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2018, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2019.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The VAR model assumes normal market conditions, a 95% confidence interval and a one-day holding period. A parametric delta-gamma approximation technique was used to determine the expected return distribution in interest rates, currencies and commodity prices for the purpose of calculating the fixed income, currency exchange and commodity VAR, respectively. The parameters used for estimating the expected return distributions were determined by observing interest rate, currency exchange and commodity price movements over the prior quarter for the calculation of VAR amounts at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , and over each of the four prior quarters for the calculation of average VAR amounts during each year. The values of currency and commodity options do not change on a one-to-one basis with the underlying currency or commodity and were valued accordingly in the VAR computation. 
As of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 , the estimated potential one-day loss in fair value of our interest rate-sensitive instruments, primarily debt, and the estimated potential one-day loss in pre-tax earnings from our currency and commodity instruments, as calculated in the VAR model, were: 
This VAR computation is a risk analysis tool designed to statistically estimate the maximum expected daily loss, under the specified confidence interval and assuming normal market conditions, from adverse movements in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The computation does not represent actual losses in fair value or earnings we will incur, nor does it consider the effect of favorable changes in market rates. We cannot predict actual future movements in market rates and do not present these VAR results to be indicative of future movements in market rates or to be representative of any actual impact that future changes in market rates may have on our future financial results.
