SALESFORCE INC report:
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, impacting our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments. 
For fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 our cash flows were as follows (in millions): 
The net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2023 was related to net income of $208 million, adjusted for non-cash items including $3.8 billion of depreciation and amortization and $3.3 billion related to stock-based compensation expense. Cash provided by operating activities can be significantly impacted by factors such as growth in new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and timing of payments to vendors. Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2023 was further benefited by the change in unearned revenue of $1.7 billion, partially offset by the change in co sts capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net of $2.3 billion and accounts receivable, net of $1.0 billion due to cash collections. Cash provided by operating activities was impacted by the provision from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 which became effective in fiscal 2023 and requires the capitalization and amortization of research and development costs. The change increased our cash taxes paid in fiscal 2023. As our business continues to grow and our expenses remain in line with or less than our revenue growth, we expect to continue to see growth in net cash provided by operating activities.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
An ARO is required to be recorded when a legal obligation to retire an asset exists and such obligation can be reasonably estimated. We will record an asset retirement obligation in the periods in which management can reasonably estimate the settlement dates. 
Except for certain amounts discussed below, management was not able to reasonably measure the fair value of asset retirement obligations as of   December 31, 2018   and   2017 , in most cases because the settlement dates were indeterminable. Although a number of other onshore assets in Panhandle’s system are subject to agreements or regulations that give rise to an ARO upon Panhandle’s discontinued use of these assets, AROs were not recorded because these assets have an indeterminate removal or abandonment date given the expected continued use of the assets with proper maintenance or replacement. Sunoco, Inc. has legal AROs for several other assets at its previously owned refineries, pipelines and terminals, for which it is not possible to estimate when the obligations will be settled. Consequently, the retirement obligations for these assets cannot be measured at this time. At the end of the useful life of these underlying assets, Sunoco, Inc. is legally or contractually required to abandon in place or remove the asset. We believe we may have additional AROs related to Sunoco, Inc.’s pipeline assets and storage tanks, for which it is not possible to estimate whether or when the AROs will be settled. Consequently, these AROs cannot be measured at this time. Sunoco LP has AROs related to the estimated future cost to remove underground storage tanks.   
Individual component assets have been and will continue to be replaced, but the pipeline and the natural gas gathering and processing systems will continue in operation as long as supply and demand for natural gas exists. Based on the widespread use of natural gas in industrial and power generation activities, management expects supply and demand to exist for the foreseeable future. We have in place a rigorous repair and maintenance program that keeps the pipelines and the natural gas gathering and processing systems in good working order. Therefore, although some of the individual assets may be replaced, the pipelines and the natural gas gathering and processing systems themselves will remain intact indefinitely.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance, allowing the Company to carry forward conclusions related to: (a) whether expired or existing contracts contain leases; (b) lease classification; and (c) initial direct costs for existing leases. The Company has elected not to record operating lease right-of-use assets or lease liabilities associated with leases with durations of 12 months or less. The Company elected the practical expedient allowing aggregation of non-lease components with related lease components when evaluating the accounting treatment for all classes of underlying assets. 
Adoption of the new standard resulted in an initial increase to assets and liabilities of $ 2,632 , related to recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease obligations as of September 2, 2019. Other impacts in the Company's consolidated balance sheet were not material. The standard did not materially impact the consolidated statements of income and cash flows. For more information on the Company's lease arrangements refer to Note 6 . 
On March 17, 2020, the Company acquired Innovel Solutions for $ 998 , using existing cash and cash equivalents. Cash paid excludes the final settlement of certain holdbacks and provisional amounts, discussed below. As part of the acquisition, in the fourth quarter of 2020, a payment of $ 25 was made relating to certain holdbacks. Innovel provides final-mile delivery, installation and white-glove capabilities for big and bulky products across the United States and Puerto Rico. Its financial results have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. Innovel's results of operations were not material to the Company's consolidated results during 2020. Pro forma results are thus not considered meaningful.
