BOEING CO report:
The adequacy of the allowance for losses is assessed quarterly. Three primary factors influencing the level of our allowance for losses on customer financing receivables are customer credit ratings, default rates and collateral values. We assign internal credit ratings for all customers and determine the creditworthiness of each customer based upon publicly available information and information obtained directly from our customers. Our rating categories are comparable to those used by the major credit rating agencies. 
At December 31, 2018 , our allowance related to receivables with ratings of B, BB and BBB. We applied default rates that averaged 22.8 % , 6.5 % and 0.7 % , respectively, to the exposure associated with those receivables. 
Customer financing is collateralized by security in the related asset. The value of the collateral is closely tied to commercial airline performance and overall market conditions and may be subject to reduced valuation with market decline. Declines in collateral values could result in asset impairments, reduced finance lease income, and an increase in the allowance for losses. Our customer financing collateral is concentrated in 747-8 and out-of-production aircraft. Generally, out-of-production aircraft have experienced greater collateral value declines than in-production aircraft.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments Effective January 1, 2020, the Company adopted new Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance related to the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments that primarily affected mortgage loans, bank loans and reinsurance recoverables. 
Upon adoption of the guidance, the Company recorded a total allowance for expected credit losses of $ 289 million, pre-tax. After consideration of existing valuation allowances maintained prior to adopting the new guidance, the Company increased its valuation allowances for credit losses to conform to the new requirements which resulted in recognizing a cumulative effect decrease in retained income of $ 88 million, after-tax, at the date of adoption. 
The measurement of credit losses for AFS fixed income securities measured at fair value is not affected except that credit losses recognized are limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost and the credit loss adjustment is recognized through a valuation allowance which may change over time but once recorded cannot subsequently be reduced to an amount below zero. Previously these credit loss adjustments were recorded as other-than-temporary impairments and were not reversed once recorded.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Datorama was approximately $ 766 million, which consisted of $ 136 million of cash, $ 537 million of common stock issued and $ 93 million of fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 202 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one to eight years . The Company recorded approximately $ 586 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating Datorama’s technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income taxes purposes. 
In May 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MuleSoft, which provides a platform for building application networks that connect enterprise apps, data and devices, across any cloud and on-premise solution. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MuleSoft was approximately $ 6.4 billion, which consisted of $ 4.9 billion of cash, $ 1.2 billion of common stock issued and $ 387 million of fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 1.3 billion for acquired intangible assets, which primarily consisted of $ 1.0 billion for customer relationships and $ 224 million for developed technology, with an estimated useful life ranging from one to eight years . Developed technology represents the fair value of MuleSoft's Anypoint technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with MuleSoft customers. The Company recorded approximately $ 4.8 billion of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating MuleSoft's Anypoint technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
