US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  and has issued subsequent amendments which have been introduced as ASC Topic 606. Topic 606, as amended, replaces Topic 605, the previous revenue recognition guidance. The new standard’s core principle is for companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration (that is, payment) to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard also results in enhanced disclosures about revenue, provides guidance for transactions that were not previously addressed comprehensively (for example, service revenue and contract modifications) and improves guidance for multiple-element arrangements. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal year 2018, with no significant impact to its financial position or results of operations , using the modified retrospective method. See Note 4, Revenue Recognition. 
In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-02, Income Statement, Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220), Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . This ASU permits an entity to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “Tax Act”) on items within accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal year 2019 and elected not to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Act from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. 
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842),  which supersedes ASC 840, Leases . The FASB has issued subsequent amendments to improve and clarify the implementation guidance of Topic 842. The new standard requires an entity to recognize leases on the balance sheet and to disclose key information about the entity's leasing arrangements. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal year 2019 using the modified retrospective transition approach, including certain practical expedients, for all leases existing at December 30, 2018, the effective and initial application date. The estimated impact of the adoption to the Company's consolidated financial statements included the recognition of operating lease liabilities of approximately $100 million  with corresponding right-of-use assets of approximately the same amount based on the present value of the remaining lease payments for existing operating leases. This standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's results of operations. The Company has revised its relevant policies and procedures, as applicable, to meet the new accounting, reporting and disclosure requirements of Topic 842 and has updated internal controls accordingly.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Margin improvement continued to be a key focus for the Diagnostics business in 2018 and 2017. While operating margins of 24.9 percent of sales in 2018 have remained relatively unchanged from the 24.8 percent of sales reported in 2016, this reflects dilution to the operating margin profit from the 
In Abbott's worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by demographics such as an aging population and an increasing rate of chronic disease in developed markets and the rise of a middle class in many emerging markets, as well as by numerous new product introductions that leveraged Abbott's strong brands. In 2018, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, the nutritional business experienced above-market growth in the worldwide pediatric business driven by market leading brands Similac® and Pedialyte® in the U.S. as well as growth across several markets in Asia. Worldwide, adult nutrition sales increased in 2018 led by the growth of Ensure®, Abbott's market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna®, Abbott's market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand. 
In 2017, the nutritionals business experienced growth in the U.S. driven by above-market performance in Abbott's infant and toddler brands. Internationally, 2017 sales growth in China and India was partially offset by challenging market conditions in the infant formula market in various emerging markets. With respect to the profitability of the nutritional products business, manufacturing and distribution process changes, as well as other cost reductions, drove margin improvements across the business over the last three years although such improvements were offset by inflation on commodity costs. The decrease in operating margins for this business from 24.1 percent of sales in 2016 to 22.9 percent in 2018 was primarily due to negative impact of foreign exchange.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our working capital accounts consist of accounts receivable, costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, prepaid assets and other current assets. Claims against working capital include accounts payable, accrued expenses, unearned revenue, and other current liabilities and payments related to our debt obligations. Our working capital may be impacted by factors in future periods such as billings to customers for subscriptions and support services, and the subsequent collection of those billings, certain amounts and timing of which are seasonal. Our working capital in some quarters may be impacted by adverse foreign currency exchange rate movements and this impact may increase as our working capital balances increase in our foreign subsidiaries. Our billings are also influenced by new business linearity within the quarters and across the quarters. 
As described above in “Seasonal Nature of Unearned Revenue, Accounts Receivable and Operating Cash Flow,” our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals and, correspondingly, the first quarter has historically been the strongest for cash collections. The year on year compounding effect of this seasonality in both billing patterns and overall business causes both the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter and cash collections in the first quarter to increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. 
We generally invoice our customers for our subscription and services contracts in advance in annual installments. We typically issue renewal invoices in advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and services contract and the subsequent renewal invoice may occur in different quarters. Such invoice amounts are initially reflected in accounts receivable and unearned revenue, which is reflected on the balance sheets, and as the next billing cycle approaches, the corresponding unearned revenue decreases to zero. The operating cash flow benefit of increased billing activity generally occurs in the subsequent quarter when we collect from our customers. As such, our first quarter is our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter.
