WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We serve primarily as a reseller, where we take delivery for fuel purchased from our supplier at the same place and time as the fuel is sold to our customer. We also sell fuel from our inventory, which we maintain in storage facilities that we own or lease. In certain cases, we serve as a broker and are paid a commission for negotiating the fuel purchase transaction between the supplier and the end user, as well as for expediting delivery of the fuel. 
The majority of our marine segment activity consists of spot sales. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to spot pricing, market‑based formulas, or government-controlled prices. We also contract with third parties to provide various services for our customers, including fueling of vessels in ports and at sea, and transportation and delivery of fuel and fuel-related products. 
We operate globally across industries that are highly fragmented with numerous competitors. Our competitors range in size and complexity from large multinational corporations, principally major oil producers, which have significantly greater capital resources than us, to relatively small and specialized firms. In our fuel distribution activities, we compete with major oil producers that market fuel directly to the large commercial airlines, shipping companies and petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market as well as fuel resellers. We compete, among other things, on the basis of service, convenience, reliability, availability of trade credit and price. We believe that our extensive market knowledge, worldwide footprint, logistics expertise and support, the use of price risk management offerings, and value-added benefits, including single-supplier convenience, fuel quality control and fuel procurement outsourcing, give us the ability to compete within those markets.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our related crude oil marketing activities increased a net $55.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for a $69.2 million increase, partially offset by lower non-cash mark-to-market results, which accounted for a $15.2 million decrease. Non-cash mark-to-market earnings for this business was a gain of $0.5 million for 2018 versus a gain of $15.7 million for 2017. Average sales margins increased in 2018 primarily due to higher market price differentials for crude oil between the Permian Basin region, Cushing hub and Gulf Coast markets. As crude oil production in the Permian Basin region increased in 2018, pipeline infrastructure constraints led to pricing dislocations in the supply basins (lower crude oil prices in West Texas) compared to the prices paid by end users and exporters along the Gulf Coast. As midstream infrastructure constraints are alleviated in the coming years, we expect that these market price differentials will normalize. 
Comparison of 2017 with 2016. Gross operating margin from our other crude oil pipelines, terminals and related marketing activities for 2017 increased a net $107.3 million when compared to 2016. Gross operating margin from our West Texas System and equity investment in the Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System increased a combined $54.7 million year-to-year primarily due to an 89 MBPD increase in crude oil transportation volumes (net to our interest). 
Gross operating margin from our EFS Midstream System increased $31.7 million year-to-year primarily due to increased deficiency fee revenues. Condensate transportation volumes for this system decreased 18 MBPD year-to-year and associated natural gas volumes decreased 101 MMcf/d year-to-year. Gross operating margin for the system decreased $59.7 million year-to-year primarily due to the lower throughput volumes; however, this decrease was more than offset by a $98.1 million year-to-year increase in deficiency fee revenues associated with producer volume commitments.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We are one of the world’s largest snack companies with global net revenues of $25.9 billion and net earnings of $3.4 billion in 2018 . We make and sell primarily snacks, including biscuits (cookies, crackers and salted snacks), chocolate, gum & candy as well as various cheese & grocery and powdered beverage products. We have operations in more than 80 countries and sell our products in over 150 countries around the world. Our portfolio includes iconic snack brands such as Cadbury, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits ; Halls candy; Trident gum and Tang powdered beverages. 
We are proud members of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, Standard and Poor’s 500 and Nasdaq 100. Our Common Stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “MDLZ.” Mondelēz International has been incorporated in the Commonwealth of Virginia since 2000. 
We aim to be the global leader in snacking by focusing on growth, execution and culture and leveraging our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, and deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities.
