MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We monitor for changes in tax laws and reflect the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. When there is refinement to tax law changes in subsequent periods, we account for the new guidance in the period when it becomes known. 
In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") that removes certain exceptions in accounting for income taxes, improves consistency in application and clarifies existing guidance. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In October 2018, the FASB issued an ASU that permits the use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") Overnight Index Swap ("OIS") Rate as a U.S. benchmark interest rate for hedge accounting purposes. We adopted the new standard on January 1, 2019 and there was no material impact to our consolidated financial statements upon adoption.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The safe operation of our assets is a top priority. We are committed to protecting the environment and the health and safety of the public and those working on our behalf by conducting our business activities in a safe and environmentally responsible manner. For additional information, see “Environmental, Safety and Conservation” within the Regulatory Matters section of Part I, Items 1 and 2 of this annual report. 
We conduct substantially all of our business through EPO and are owned 100% by our limited partners from an economic perspective. Enterprise GP manages our partnership and owns a non-economic general partner interest in us. We, Enterprise GP, EPCO and Dan Duncan LLC are affiliates under the collective common control of the DD LLC Trustees and the EPCO Trustees. Like many publicly traded partnerships, we have no employees. All of our management, administrative and operating functions are performed by employees of EPCO pursuant to an administrative services agreement (the “ASA”) or by other service providers. 
Our operations are reported under four business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services, (ii) Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, (iii) Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and (iv) Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed according to the types of services rendered (or technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We purchase our aviation fuel from suppliers worldwide. Fuel may be delivered into our customers’ aircraft or to a designated storage facility located at one of our locations or our suppliers’ locations pursuant to arrangements with them. Inventory is purchased at airport locations or shipped via pipelines and held at multiple locations for strategic reasons. We engage in contract sales, which are sales made pursuant to fuel purchase contracts with customers 
who commit to purchasing fuel from us over the contract term. We also conduct spot sales, which are sales that do not involve continuing contractual obligations by our customers to purchase fuel from us. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market-based formulas or government-controlled prices. 
In our land segment, we primarily offer fuel, heating oil, propane, natural gas, lubricants and related products and services to petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and government customers. Our land-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel and price risk management. We primarily conduct these activities throughout most of the U.S. as well as parts of the United Kingdom ("U.K.") and Brazil. We also offer advisory and fulfillment solutions with respect to power, natural gas and other energy products, as well as sustainability consulting, renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management brand, with offices in the U.S., Australia and throughout Europe. In addition, we offer transaction management services, which include government payment systems for global fuel procurement, merchant processing services, payment solutions for tolls across Europe and commercial payment programs.
