SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility and unbilled amounts related to contracted non-cancelable subscription agreements, which is not reflected on the balance sheet, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. 
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments. 
Cash provided by operating activities has historically been affected by the amount of net income  adjusted for non-cash expense items such as depreciation and amortization; amortization of purchased intangibles from business combinations; the expense associated with stock-based awards; net gains on strategic investments; the timing of employee related costs including commissions and bonus payments; the timing of payments against accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities; the timing of our semi-annual interest payments related to our senior notes; the timing of collections from our customers, which is our largest source of operating cash flows; the timing of business combination activity and the related integration and transaction costs; and changes in working capital accounts. Net cash provided by operating activities was also impacted by payments made during fiscal 2019  for the transaction fees related to the acquisition of MuleSoft.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
In connection with the issuance of the Debentures, the Company entered into a replacement capital covenant (“RCC”). This covenant was not intended for the benefit of the holders of the Debentures and could not be enforced by them. Rather, it was for the benefit of holders of one or more other designated series of the Company’s indebtedness (“covered debt”), currently the 5.75%  Subordinated Debentures due 2053. Pursuant to the RCC, the Company has agreed that it will not repay, redeem, or purchase the Debentures on or before May 15, 2067 (or such earlier date on which the RCC terminates by its terms) unless, subject to certain limitations, the Company has received net cash proceeds in specified amounts from the sale of common stock or certain other qualifying securities. The promises and covenants contained in the RCC will not apply if (i) S&P upgrades the Company’s issuer credit rating to A or above, (ii) the Company redeems the Debentures due to a tax event, (iii) after notice of redemption has been given by the Company and a market disruption event occurs preventing the Company from raising proceeds in accordance with the RCC, or (iv) the Company repurchases or redeems up to 10%  of the outstanding principal of the Debentures in any one -year period, provided that no more than 25%  will be so repurchased, redeemed or purchased in any ten -year period. 
The RCC terminates in 2067. The RCC will terminate prior to its scheduled termination date if (i) the Debentures are no longer outstanding and the Company has fulfilled its obligations under the RCC or it is no longer applicable, (ii) the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding principal amount of the then-effective series of covered debt consent to agree to the termination of the RCC, (iii) the Company does not have any series of outstanding debt that is eligible to be treated as covered debt under the RCC, (iv) the Debentures are accelerated as a result of an event of default, (v) certain rating agency or change in control events occur, (vi) S&P, or any successor thereto, no longer assigns a solicited rating on senior debt issued or guaranteed by the Company, or (vii) the termination of the RCC would have no effect on the equity credit provided by S&P with respect to the Debentures. An event of default, as defined by the supplemental 
To manage short-term liquidity, the Company maintains a commercial paper program and a credit facility as a potential source of funds. These include a $1.00 billion  unsecured revolving credit facility and a commercial paper program with a borrowing limit of $1.00 billion . In April 2016, the Company extended the maturity date of the facility to April 2021. This facility contains an increase provision that would allow up to an additional $500 million  of borrowing. This facility has a financial covenant requiring the Company not to exceed a 37.5%  debt to capitalization ratio as defined in the agreement. Although the right to borrow under the facility is not subject to a minimum rating requirement, the costs of maintaining the facility and borrowing under it are based on the ratings of the Company’s senior unsecured, unguaranteed long-term debt. The total amount outstanding at any point in time under the combination of the commercial paper program and the credit facility cannot exceed the amount that can be borrowed under the credit facility. No  amounts were outstanding under the credit facility as of December 31, 2018  or 2017 . The Company had no  commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2018  or 2017 .

BOEING CO report:
Our businesses are heavily regulated in most of our markets. We deal with numerous U.S. government agencies and entities, including but not limited to all of the branches of the U.S. military, NASA, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Department of Homeland Security. Similar government authorities exist in our non-U.S. markets. 
Government Contracts. The U.S. government, and other governments, may terminate any of our government contracts at their convenience, as well as for default based on our failure to meet specified performance requirements. If any of our U.S. government contracts were to be terminated for convenience, we generally would be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination or cancellation costs. If any of our government contracts were to be terminated for default, generally the U.S. government would pay only for the work that has been accepted and could require us to pay the difference between the original contract price and the cost to re-procure the contract items, net of the work accepted from the original contract. The U.S. government can also hold us liable for damages resulting from the default. 
Commercial Aircraft. In the U.S., our commercial aircraft products are required to comply with FAA regulations governing production and quality systems, airworthiness and installation approvals, repair procedures and continuing operational safety. Outside the U.S., similar requirements exist for airworthiness, installation and operational approvals. These requirements are generally administered by the national aviation authorities of each country and, in the case of Europe, coordinated by the European Joint Aviation Authorities.
