BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into U.S. dollar. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also, certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. Local currency loans in U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the U.S. are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. For the year ended December 31, 2020 we recorded a foreign currency gain on net debt of $206 million versus a foreign currency loss on net debt for the year ended December 31, 2019 of $139 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile Net income to Cash used for operating activities in the line item “Foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt” in our consolidated statements of cash flows. This adjustment is required 
Investing: Cash provided by investing activities was $1,813 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to $1,503 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, an increase of $310 million. The increase was primarily due to higher proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, lower capital expenditures, and higher cash inflows from settlements of net investment hedges, offset by lower net proceeds from investments and the divestiture of businesses and property, plant and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
For the year ended December 31, 2020, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,943 million. In addition, we received proceeds from investments of $305 million, primarily promissory notes related to financial services investments, which were more than offset by payments of $337 million for such investments. We also made payments for capital expenditures of $365 million related to capital projects at various facilities. For the year ended December 31, 2019, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,312 million. In addition, we received proceeds from investments of $449 million, primarily from promissory notes related to financial services investments, partially offset by payments of $393 million made for such investments. We also made payments for capital expenditures of $524 million, which primarily related to the replanting of sugarcane in our Brazilian sugar and biofuels business that was contributed to the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture in late 2019, as well as other capital projects at various facilities.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• In 2022, we continued to focus on further embedding Our Shared Purpose into the employee experience, including in our recruiting and hiring practices, performance management, learning and development offerings, leadership development and employee feedback and measurement. 
In addition to the above discussion of our employees, please see information about Allstate agents under the caption “Allstate Protection Segment - Products and Distribution” in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
Our website is allstate.com. The Allstate Corporation’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports that we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available on the Investor Relations section of our website (www.allstateinvestors.com), free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Global Code of Business Conduct, and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, Executive Committee, Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee and Risk and Return Committee are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. The information found on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document filed with the SEC.

BOEING CO report:
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP which we supplement with certain non-GAAP financial information. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share exclude the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. The FAS/ 
CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Core earnings per share excludes both the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment and non-operating pension and postretirement expenses. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with GAAP are allocated to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. 
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustments recognized in Loss from operations were benefits of $882 million in 2021, $1,024 million in 2020 and $1,071 million in 2019. The lower benefits in 2021 were primarily due to reductions in allocated pension cost year over year. The non-operating pension expense included in Other income, net was a benefit of $528 million in 2021, $340 million in 2020 and $374 million in 2019. The higher benefits in 2021 were primarily due to lower interest cost and higher expected return on plan assets, partially offset by higher amortization of actuarial losses and higher settlement charges. The benefits in 2020 and 2019 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses.
