SALESFORCE INC report:
Targeting vertical industries. To better meet the needs of our customers, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, government, manufacturing, consumer goods and philanthropy. These solutions help to expand our potential customer base and help to attract new customers. 
Expanding into new categories. As part of our growth strategy we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, e-commerce, Internet of Things (“IoT”) and integration, and expect to continue this type of category expansion in the future. 
Expanding and strengthening our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries, offer a variety of solutions natively and through the AppExchange, and address the business requirements of both current and future customers.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
3,818   —   34   3,852   Reclassifications, adjustments and other 2   ( 20 ) ( 4 ) ( 22 ) Balance at December 31, 2021 21,042   7,515   46   28,603   Acquisitions (3) 
(1) Goodwill is net of accumulated impairment charges of $ 4.8 billion, related to our historical Media reporting unit, which included Verizon Media. On September 1, 2021, we completed the sale of Verizon Media. See Note 3 for additional information. 
(4) Includes a goodwill impairment charge of $ 16 million related to an early stage development company presented within Other, recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2022.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into U.S. dollars. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also, certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local 
currency denominated assets. Local currency loans in U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the U.S. are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange (losses) gains - net. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we recorded a foreign currency loss on net debt of $78 million versus a foreign currency gain on net debt for the year ended December 31, 2020 of $206 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile Net income to Cash used for operating activities in the line item "Foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. This adjustment is required as the gains and losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations. 
Investing: Cash provided by investing activities was $5,113 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to $1,813 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of $3,300 million. The increase was primarily due to higher net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables as well as proceeds from the sales of our United States interior grain elevators and oils facilities in Rotterdam and in Mexico, partially offset by increased net payments for investments for the year ended December 31, 2021.
