ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
A hypothetical change of 100 basis points in interest rates for these interest rate swaps would result in a net change in the fair value of interest rate derivatives and earnings (recognized in gains (losses) on interest rate derivatives) of $250 million as of December 31, 2021. For the forward-starting interest rate swaps, a hypothetical change of 100 basis points in interest rates would not affect cash flows until the swaps are settled. 
As of December 31, 2021, we had outstanding approximately $5.3 billion of debt that bears interest at variable interest rates that use the LIBOR as a benchmark rate. In July 2017, the U.K.’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which oversees the LIBOR submission process for all currencies and regulates the authorized administrator of LIBOR, ICE Benchmark Administration (IBA), announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling London banks to make these rate submissions after 2021. The cessation date for compulsory submission and publication of rates for certain tenors of LIBOR has since been extended by the IBA and FCA until June 2023. 
It is unclear if certain LIBOR tenors continue to be reported beyond 2021, whether they will be considered representative or whether an identified successor benchmark rate will attain market acceptance as a replacement for LIBOR. The adoption of an alternative benchmark rate and replacement for LIBOR could affect our debt securities, derivative instruments, receivables, debt payments and receipts. However, at this time, we do not anticipate a material impact from the potential establishment of any alternative benchmark rate(s).

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. Operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets are included in "Other noncurrent assets" and operating lease liabilities are included in “Accrued liabilities” and “Other noncurrent liabilities” in our December 31, 2019 consolidated balance sheet. Finance lease ROU assets are included in "Property and equipment, net" and finance lease liabilities are included in “Accrued liabilities” and “Other noncurrent liabilities” in our consolidated balance sheets. 
A rate implicit in the lease when readily determinable is used in arriving at the present value of lease payments. As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on information available at lease commencement date for most of its leases. The incremental borrowing rate is based on the Company's U.S. dollar denominated senior unsecured borrowing curves using public credit ratings adjusted down to a collateralized basis using a combination of recovery rate and credit notching approaches and translated into major contract currencies as applicable. 
The Company's lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise that option. The Company does not separate lease components from non-lease components across all lease categories. Instead, each separate lease component and non-lease component are accounted for as a single lease component. In addition, variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate are included in measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities at lease inception. All other variable lease payments are expensed as incurred and are not included in measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis. For finance leases, the Company recognizes interest expense on lease liabilities using the effective interest method and amortization of ROU assets on a straight-line basis.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) When items no longer impact our current or future presentation of non-GAAP operating results, we remove these items from our non-GAAP definitions. In the first quarter of 2022, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of incremental costs due to the war in Ukraine (refer to footnote (12) below), in the second quarter of 2022, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of costs incurred associated with our publicly-announced processes to sell businesses (refer to footnote (5) below) and in the third quarter of 2022, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of inventory step-up charges associated with acquisitions (refer to footnote (8) below). In the fourth quarter of 2022, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of the impact from the European Commission legal matter (refer to footnote (13) below). 
(2) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses (including the partial or full sale of an equity method investment) and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, any KDP or JDE Peet’s ownership reductions are reflected as divestitures within our non-GAAP results the following quarter. During the third quarter of 2021, we began to exclude the impact of certain adjustments made 
to our acquisition contingent consideration liabilities that were recorded at the date of acquisition. We made this adjustment to better facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating performance across periods. See Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , and Note 7, Equity Method Investments , for information on acquisitions and divestitures impacting the comparability of our results.
