ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Jonah Gathering System is located in the Greater Green River Basin of southwest Wyoming. This system gathers natural gas from the Jonah and Pinedale supply fields for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Pioneer facility.
 • The San Juan Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the San Juan Basin in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado and delivers the natural gas either directly into interstate pipelines or to regional natural gas plants, including our Chaco facility, for further processing prior to being transported on interstate pipelines.
 • The Permian Basin Gathering System is comprised of the 1,051-mile Carlsbad pipeline system, the 614-mile Waha pipeline system, the 34-mile Orla pipeline system and the 23-mile Mentone pipeline system. The Permian Basin Gathering System gathers natural gas from the Permian Basin for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Chaparral, South Eddy, Waha, Mentone and Orla plants, and delivers residue and treated natural gas into our Texas Intrastate System and third-party pipelines.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The other significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to advertising sold on our television networks and across distribution platforms, similar to U.S. Networks. Advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the development of pay and FTA television markets, the number of subscribers to and viewers of our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our programming, and our ability to sell commercial time over a portfolio of channels on multiple platforms. In certain markets, our advertising sales business operates with in-house sales teams, while we rely on external sales representation services in other markets. Outside the U.S., advertisers typically buy advertising closer to the time when the commercials will be run. In developing pay-TV markets, we expect advertising revenue growth will result from subscriber growth, our localization strategy, and the shift of advertising spending from broadcast to pay-TV. In mature markets, such as Western Europe, high proportions of market penetration and distribution are unlikely to drive rapid revenue growth. Instead, growth in advertising sales comes from increasing viewership and pricing and launching new services, either in pay-TV, broadcast, or FTA television environments. 
During 2019 , advertising, distribution and other revenues were 45% , 52% and 3% , respectively, of total net revenues for this segment. While the Company has traditionally operated cable networks, in recent years an increasing portion of the Company's international advertising revenue is generated by FTA or broadcast networks, unlike U.S. Networks. During 2019 , pay-TV networks generated 36% of International Networks' advertising revenue and FTA or broadcast networks generated 64% of International Networks' advertising revenue. The Company also has increased efforts to drive revenue growth from digital products such as the Dplay DTC entertainment service in select international markets. 
International Networks' largest cost is content expense for localized programming. While our International Networks segment maximizes the use of programming from U.S. Networks, we also develop local programming that is tailored to individual market preferences and license the rights to air films, television series and sporting events from third parties. International Networks amortizes the cost of capitalized content rights based on the proportion of current estimated revenues relative to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues, which results in either an accelerated method or a straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the content of up to four years. Content acquired from U.S. Networks and content developed locally airing on the same network is amortized similarly, as amortization rates vary by network. More than half of International Networks' content is amortized using an accelerated amortization method, while the remainder is amortized on a straight-line basis. The costs for multi-year sports programming arrangements are expensed when the event is broadcast based on the estimated relative value of each component of the arrangement.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Competition – We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, product innovation and high standards of product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions. 
Pricing – Our net revenue growth and profitability may be affected as we adjust prices to address new conditions. We adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including demand, the competitive environment and changes in our product input costs. We generally have increased prices in response to higher commodity costs, currency and other market factors. In 2021, we anticipate changing market conditions to continue to impact pricing. Price changes may affect net revenues or market share in the near term as the market adjusts to changes in input costs and other market conditions. 
Operating Costs – Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts and financing costs. We manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing and tax planning. To remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, such as our Simplify to Grow Program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs.
