ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Concurrent with these transactions, ETO contributed to USAC all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of CDM for aggregate consideration of approximately   $1.7 billion , consisting of (i)   19,191,351   USAC common units, (ii)   6,397,965   units of a new class of units representing limited partner interests in USAC (“USAC Class B Units”) and (iii)   $1.23 billion   in cash, including customary closing adjustments (the “CDM Contribution”). The USAC Class B Units have substantially all of the rights and obligations of a USAC common unit, except the USAC Class B Units will not participate in distributions for the first four quarters following the closing date of April 2, 2018. Each USAC Class B Unit will automatically convert into one USAC common unit on the first business day following the record date attributable to the quarter ending June 30, 2019.   
In March 2018, ETO and Satellite Petrochemical USA Corp. (“Satellite”) entered into definitive agreements to form a joint venture, Orbit Gulf Coast NGL Exports, LLC (“Orbit”), with the purpose of constructing a new export terminal on the United States Gulf Coast to provide ethane to Satellite for consumption at their ethane cracking facilities in China. At the terminal, Orbit will construct an   800   MBbls refrigerated ethane storage tank, a   175   MBbls/d ethane refrigeration facility and a   20 -inch ethane pipeline originating at ETO’s Mont Belvieu fractionators that will make deliveries to the terminal as well as domestic markets in the region. ETO will be the operator of the Orbit assets, provide storage and marketing services for Satellite and provide Satellite with approximately   150   MBbls/d of ethane under a long-term, demand-based agreement. Additionally, ETO will construct and wholly own the infrastructure that is required to both supply ethane to the pipeline and to load the ethane on to very large ethane carriers destined for Satellite’s newly constructed ethane crackers in China’s Jiangsu Province. Subject to Chinese Governmental approval, it is anticipated that the Orbit export terminal will be ready for commercial service in the fourth quarter of 2020.   
On April 1, 2018, Sunoco LP completed the conversion of 207  retail sites located in certain West Texas, Oklahoma and New Mexico markets to a single commission agent. Under the commission agent model, Sunoco LP owns, prices and sells fuel at the sites, paying the commission agent a fixed cents-per-gallon commission and receives rental income from the commission agent. The commission agent conducts all operations related to the retail stores and related restaurant locations.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
• live events and original programming on Salesforce+, our streaming platform which launched in fiscal 2022, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the digital-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities;

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The extent of the impact and the timing of a recovery in the number of procedures and routine testing in a particular country or geographic region depended upon the progression of COVID-19 cases in that country or region as well as the actions taken by the government in that country related to COVID-19. In 2020, the recovery in procedures and routine testing volumes in China began in March 2020. In other parts of the world, such as the U.S. and Europe, volumes improved across Abbott’s hospital-based businesses as the second quarter progressed and the improvement continued in the third quarter. However, in the fourth quarter of 2020, the improving trends in the demand for procedures and routine testing flattened or were negatively impacted depending upon the business and the region as many countries, including the U.S., experienced an increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations. 
While routine diagnostic testing and cardiovascular and neuromodulation procedure volumes were negatively impacted early in 2021 by elevated COVID-19 case rates, overall volumes improved over the course of the year until the latter part of 2021 when demand softened in several geographies with the emergence of another variant.
While Abbott’s branded generic pharmaceuticals business was also negatively affected by the pandemic in 2020 as COVID-19 spread across emerging market countries in the second and third quarters of 2020, volumes recovered and grew in 2021. Abbott’s nutritional and diabetes care businesses were the least affected by the pandemic as is further discussed below.
