ALLSTATE CORP report:
For most of our financial assets measured at fair value, all significant inputs are based on or corroborated by market observable data, and significant management judgment does not affect the periodic determination of fair value. The determination of fair value using discounted cash flow models involves management judgment when significant model inputs are not based on or corroborated by market observable data. However, where market observable data is available, it takes precedence, and as a result, no range of reasonably likely inputs exists from which the basis of a sensitivity analysis could be constructed. 
We gain assurance that our financial assets are appropriately valued through the execution of various processes and controls designed to ensure the overall reasonableness and consistent application of valuation methodologies, including inputs and assumptions, and compliance with accounting standards. For fair values received from third parties or internally estimated, our processes and controls are designed to ensure that the valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistently applied, the inputs and assumptions are reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value, and the fair values are accurately recorded. For example, on a continuing basis, we assess the reasonableness of individual fair values that have stale security prices or that exceed certain thresholds as compared to previous fair values received from valuation service providers or brokers or derived from internal models. We perform procedures to understand and assess the methodologies, processes and controls of valuation service providers. 
In addition, we may validate the reasonableness of fair values by comparing information obtained from valuation service providers or brokers to other third-party valuation sources for selected securities. We perform ongoing price validation procedures such as back-testing of actual sales, which corroborate the various inputs used in internal models to market observable data. When fair value determinations are expected to be more variable, we validate them through reviews by members of management who have relevant expertise and who are independent of those charged with executing investment transactions.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In March 2020, the FCC's incentive auction, Auction 103, for spectrum licenses in the upper 37 GHz, 39 GHz, and 47 GHz bands concluded. Verizon participated in this incentive auction and was the high bidder on 4,940 licenses, which primarily consisted of 37 GHz and, to a lesser extent, 39 GHz spectrum. As an incumbent licensee, our 39 GHz licenses provided us with incentive payments that were applied towards the purchase price of spectrum in the auction. The value of the licenses won by Verizon amounted to $ 3.4 billion, of which $ 1.8 billion was settled with the relinquished 39 GHz licenses. The remaining balance was settled in cash of $ 1.6 billion, of which $ 101 million was paid in December 2019. In connection with the incentive auction, a pre-tax net loss of $ 1.2 billion ($ 914 million after-tax) was recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of income during 2020 because the exchange of the previously held licenses for new licenses had commercial substance. See Note 4 for additional information. The new reconfigured licenses were received in the second quarter 2020 and are included in Wireless licenses in our consolidated balance sheet. The average remaining renewal period for these acquired licenses was 9.9 years. 
The fair value of the licenses represents a Level 2 measurement as defined in Accounting Standards Codification 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, and was determined based on the final auction price for each defined geographical area. 
In September 2020, the FCC completed Auction 105 for Priority Access Licenses. Verizon participated in the auction and was the high bidder on 557 licenses in the 3.5 GHz band. We submitted an application to the FCC and paid a cash deposit of approximately $ 1.9 billion for the licenses. Deposits required to participate in these auctions and purchase licenses are recorded within Other assets in our consolidated balance sheet until the corresponding licenses are received, and within Net cash used in investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The timing of when the licenses will be issued will be determined by the FCC after all payments have been made.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts and ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Training revenues are recognized as the services are performed. 
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, the Company considers the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, the Company has concluded that all of the professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct.
