COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We buy most of our merchandise directly from manufacturers and route it to cross-docking consolidation points (depots) or directly to our warehouses. Our depots receive large shipments from manufacturers and quickly ship these goods to warehouses. This process creates freight volume and handling efficiencies, lowering costs associated with traditional multiple-step distribution channels. 
Our average warehouse space is approximately 146,000 square feet, with newer units being slightly larger. Floor plans are designed for economy and efficiency in the use of selling space, the handling of merchandise, and the control of inventory. Because shoppers are attracted principally by the quality of merchandise and low prices, our warehouses are not elaborate. By strictly controlling the entrances and exits and using a membership format, we believe our inventory losses (shrinkage) are well below those of typical retail operations. 
Our warehouses on average operate on a seven-day, 70-hour week. Gasoline operations generally have extended hours. Because the hours of operation are shorter than other retailers, and due to other efficiencies inherent in a warehouse-type operation, labor costs are lower relative to the volume of sales. Merchandise is generally stored on racks above the sales floor and displayed on pallets containing large quantities, reducing labor required. In general, with variations by country, our warehouses accept certain credit cards, including Costco co-branded cards, debit cards, cash and checks, co-brand cardholder rebates, executive member 2% reward certificates and our proprietary stored-value card (shop card).

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets reflects the pattern in which the assets' economic benefits are consumed over their estimated useful lives. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company reassessed the useful lives and amortization methods for acquired customer relationships and concluded the economic benefits would be consumed in greater proportion earlier in their life with gradual decline, accordingly we have changed the amortization method for these assets from the straight-line method to the sum of the years digits method effective October 1, 2021. This change was considered a change in estimate, was accounted for prospectively, and resulted in incremental amortization expense of $ 196 million. Amortization expense related to finite-lived intangible assets was $ 1.3 billion, $ 1.1 billion and $ 1.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
Amortization expense relating to intangible assets subject to amortization for each of the next five years and thereafter is estimated to be as follows (in millions).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our current loading capacity for LPG is approximately 545 MBPD. In September 2018, we announced a project to increase LPG loading capacity at EHT by 175 MBPD, or approximately 5 MMBbls per month. The expansion will bring our total LPG export capacity at EHT to 720 MBPD, or approximately 21 MMBbls per month. Upon completion of this expansion project, EHT will have the capability to load up to six Very Large Gas Carrier (“VLGC”) vessels simultaneously, while maintaining the option to switch between loading propane and butane. Once operational, the expansion will allow EHT to load a single VLGC in less than 24 hours, creating greater efficiencies and cost savings for our customers. The incremental loading capacity is expected to be available in the third quarter of 2019. 
The primary customer of EHT is our NGL marketing group, which uses EHT to meet the needs of export customers. NGL marketing transacts with these customers using long-term sales contracts with take-or-pay provisions and/or exchange agreements. In recent years, the U.S. has become the largest exporter of LPG in the world, with shipments originating from EHT playing a key role. 
Of the LPG cargoes we loaded for export at EHT during the year ended December 31, 2018, the destination markets were as follows: 55% to Asia; 18% to North America and the Caribbean; 13% to Central and South America; 12% to Europe and Africa; and 2% to other destinations, including Australia and the Middle East. Based on available information, our LPG sales to export customers represented the following percentage of each destination market’s approximate total supply: 51% for North America and the Caribbean; 43% for Asia; 34% for Central and South America; 21% for Europe and Africa; and 10% for other destinations, including Australia and the Middle East.
