ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
processes, maintaining clean facilities, contractor safety, and personal wellness. Energy Transfer’s goal is operational excellence, which means an injury- and incident-free workplace. To achieve this, we strive to hire and maintain the most qualified and dedicated workforce in the industry and make safety and safety accountability part of our daily operations. The OSHA Total Reportable Incident Rate (“TRIR”) is a key performance indicator by which we evaluate the success of our safety programs. TRIR provides companies with a look at their safety record performance for the year by calculating the number of recordable incidents per 200,000 hours worked. Out of more than 17 million hours worked, our TRIR was 0.87 for 2020, compared to 0.94 in 2019. We believe the Partnership’s low TRIR speaks to the investment in and focus on safety and environmental compliance as well as the reliability of our assets. 
Regarding COVID-19, as an essential business providing critical energy infrastructure, the safety of our employees and the continued operation of our assets are our top priorities, and we will continue to operate in accordance with federal, state and local health guidelines and safety protocols. We have implemented several new policies and provided employees with training to help maintain the health and safety of our workforce. 
For additional information on our Human Capital initiatives, please see our Community Engagement Report available on our website at http://www.energytransfer.com/corporate-responsibility/. Information contained on our website is not part of this report.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenue increase of 2.8% was driven by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 3.7% and the impact of acquisitions, mostly offset by unfavorable currency and the impact of a prior-year divestiture. Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Higher net pricing in all regions except Europe was due to the benefit of carryover pricing from 2019 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2020. Favorable volume/mix in North America and Europe, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in Latin America and AMEA, included strong volume gains tempered by unfavorable mix reflecting shifts in consumer purchases in response to the COVID-19 outbreak. The April 1, 2020 acquisition of Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $390 million and the July 16, 2019 acquisition of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks added incremental net revenues of $55 million in 2020. Unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $637 
million, due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies, including the Brazilian real, Argentinean peso, Russian ruble, Mexican peso, Indian rupee, South African rand and Turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, Philippine peso, British pound sterling, Egyptian pound and Swedish krona. The impact of the May 28, 2019 divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $55 million. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information. 
Operating Income – Operating income increased $10 million (0.3%) to $3,853 million in 2020, Adjusted Operating Income increased $137 million (3.2%) to $4,401 million and Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis increased $196 million (4.6%) to $4,460 million due to the following:

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Generally, distributions made in shares of Series A common stock, Series B common stock or Series C common stock will be made proportionally to all common stockholders. In the event of a reclassification, subdivision or combination of any series of common stock, the shares of the other series of common stock will be equally reclassified, subdivided or combined. 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of Discovery, after payment of Discovery’s debts and liabilities and subject to preferential rights of outstanding preferred stock, holders of Series A common stock, Series B common stock and Series C common stock and holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will share equally in any assets available for distribution to holders of common stock. 
The Company has two series of preferred stock authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021: Series A-1 convertible preferred stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. Series A-1 convertible preferred stock is convertible into nine shares of the Company's Series A common stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is convertible into 19.3648 shares of the Company's Series C common stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. Shares of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock may be independently converted into Series A common stock and Series C common, respectively.
