MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
0.06 0.03 0.03 Adjusted EPS $ 2.59   $ 2.46   $ 0.13   5.3   % Unfavorable currency translation 0.03 — 0.03 Adjusted EPS (constant currency) $ 2.62   $ 2.46   $ 0.16   6.5   % 
0.03 (0.01) 0.04 Adjusted EPS $ 2.46   $ 2.36   $ 0.10   4.2   % Unfavorable currency translation 0.16 — 0.16 Adjusted EPS (constant currency) $ 2.62   $ 2.36   $ 0.26   11.0   % 
(1) The tax expense/(benefit) of each of the pre-tax items excluded from our GAAP results was computed based on the facts and tax assumptions associated with each item, and such impacts have also been excluded from Adjusted EPS.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
Significant estimates and judgments inherent in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements include accounting for asset impairments, revenue recognition, estimated credit losses, content rights, leases, depreciation and amortization, the determination of ultimate revenues as they relate to amortization of capitalized content rights and accruals of participations and residuals, business combinations, share-based compensation, income taxes, other financial instruments, contingencies, estimated defined benefit plan liabilities, and the determination of whether the Company should consolidate certain entities. 
The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. Financial statements of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates for revenues and expenses for the respective periods. Translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Cash flows from the Company’s operations in foreign countries are generally translated at the weighted average rate for the respective periods.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
USAC provides compression services to its customers under fixed-fee contracts with initial contract terms typically between six months and five years, depending on the application and location of the compression unit. USAC typically continues to provide compression services at a specific location beyond the initial contract term, either through contract renewal or on a month-to-month or longer basis. USAC primarily enters into fixed-fee contracts whereby its customers are required to pay a monthly fee even during periods of limited or disrupted throughput, which enhances the stability and predictability of its cash flows. USAC is not directly exposed to commodity price risk because it does not take title to the natural gas or crude oil involved in its services and because the natural gas used as fuel by its compression units is supplied by its customers without cost to USAC. 
• Our marketing operations in which we market the natural gas that flows through our gathering and intrastate transportation assets, referred to as on-system gas. We also attract other customers by marketing volumes of natural gas that do not move through our assets, referred to as off-system gas. For both on-system and off-system gas, we purchase natural gas from natural gas producers and other suppliers and sell that natural gas to utilities, industrial consumers, other marketers and pipeline companies, thereby generating gross margins based upon the difference between the purchase and resale prices of natural gas, less the costs of transportation. For the off-system gas, we purchase gas or act as an agent for small independent producers that may not have marketing operations. 
• Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Dual Drive Technologies, Ltd. (“DDT”), which provides compression services to customers engaged in the transportation of natural gas, including our other segments.
