BOEING CO report:
BCA loss from operations was $6,657 million in 2019 compared with earnings from operations of $7,830 million in 2018. The decrease of $14,487 million is primarily due to lower 737 deliveries and earnings charges related to the 737 MAX. 
The 737 MAX grounding and the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to have a significant adverse impact on future earnings and margins until 737 MAX deliveries ramp up and wide-body deliveries return to historical levels. 
Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due and where no contingencies remain before we and the customer are required to perform. Backlog does not include prospective orders where customer controlled contingencies remain, such as the customer receiving approval from its board of directors, shareholders or government or completing financing arrangements. All such contingencies must be satisfied or have expired prior to recording a new firm order even if satisfying such conditions is highly certain. Backlog excludes options and BCC orders. A number of our customers may have contractual remedies, including rights to reject individual airplane deliveries if the actual delivery date is significantly later than the contractual delivery date. We address customer claims and requests for other contractual relief as they arise. The value of orders in backlog is adjusted as changes to price and schedule are agreed to with customers and is reported in accordance with the requirements of Topic 606.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately 96 percent  during fiscal 
As described in Note 1, subscription and support revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract. License revenue is recognized as the licenses are delivered. Under Topic 606, the timing and amount of revenue recognition may differ in certain situations from the revenue recognized under previous accounting guidance that limited subscription and support revenue to the customer invoice amount for the period of service (collectively billings). Under Topic 606, the Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings and unearned revenue when the billings on a contract exceed the revenue recognized. The Company's standard billing terms are annual in advance. Contract assets were $215 million  as of January 31, 2019  as compared to $81 million  as of January 31, 2018 . Approximately $122 million  of contract assets were acquired in connection with the May 2018 MuleSoft acquisition. Impairments of contract assets were immaterial in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017. 
The concept of unearned revenue under Topic 606 is substantially similar to deferred revenue under previous accounting guidance, except for the removal of the limitation on contingent revenue. The unearned revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition from subscription services, including software licenses, described above and is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred. The Company generally invoices customers in annual installments. The unearned revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The five highest contributing performance-based investments in 2018 and 2017 generated investment income of $159 million and $210 million, respectively. Performance-based results and income can vary significantly between periods and are influenced by economic conditions, equity market performance, comparable public company earnings multiples, capitalization rates, operating performance of the underlying investments and the timing of asset sales. 
Due to the adoption of the recognition and measurement accounting standard, equity securities are reported at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in valuation of equity investments and are no longer included in impairment write-downs, change in intent write-downs and sales. 
Impairment write-downs  totaled $14 million , $102 million  and $234 million  in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. Impairment write-downs on limited partnership interests and fixed income securities in 2018 and 2017 related to investment specific circumstances.
