ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Fluctuations in our expenditures for growth capital projects and investments in unconsolidated affiliates are explained in large part by increases or decreases in spending on major expansion projects. Our most significant growth capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2018 involved projects at our Mont Belvieu complex, Houston and Beaumont terminals, as well as projects to support crude oil, natural gas and NGL production from the Permian Basin. Fluctuations in expenditures for sustaining capital projects are explained in large part by the timing and cost of pipeline integrity and similar projects. 
Investments in growth capital projects supporting Permian Basin production increased $773.0 million year-to-year primarily due to increased expenditures for (i) the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline, which accounted for $839.1 million of the increase, (ii) conversion of a portion of our Seminole NGL Pipeline system to crude oil service (the Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline System), which accounted for an additional $223.4 million increase, partially offset by (iii) a $520.1 million 
Investments in growth capital projects to expand and support export activities at EHT increased $161.9 million year-to-year. Additionally, investments in projects that expand our refined products handling capabilities at the Beaumont marine terminal increased $93.9 million year-to-year.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• In March, the Partnership purchased the membership interests in Caliche Coastal Holdings, LLC (subsequently renamed Energy Transfer Spindletop LLC), which owns an underground storage facility near Mont Belvieu, Texas. 
Natural gas transportation pipelines receive natural gas from other mainline transportation pipelines, storage facilities and gathering systems and deliver the natural gas to industrial end-users, storage facilities, utilities, power generators and other third-party pipelines. Through our intrastate transportation and storage segment, we own and operate (through wholly-owned subsidiaries or through joint venture interests) approximately 11,600 miles of natural gas transportation pipelines with approximately 24 Bcf/d of transportation capacity, three natural gas storage facilities located in the state of Texas and two natural gas storage facilities located in the state of Oklahoma. 
Energy Transfer operates one of the largest intrastate pipeline systems in the United States providing energy logistics to major trading hubs and industrial consumption areas throughout the United States. Our intrastate transportation and storage segment focuses on the transportation of natural gas to major markets from various prolific natural gas producing areas in Texas and Louisiana (Permian Basin and Barnett, Haynesville and Eagle Ford shales) through our Oasis Pipeline, our ETC Katy Pipeline, our RIGS pipeline, our natural gas pipeline and storage systems that are referred to as the ET Fuel System, and our HPL System. In addition, we operate EOIT in Oklahoma, delivering natural gas from various shale plays in the Anadarko and Arkoma Basins, as further described in “Asset Overview.”

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In August 2020, the FASB issued guidance simplifying the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models available for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. The guidance amends the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity’s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions, requires the use of the if-converted method for calculating earnings per share for convertible instruments, and makes targeted improvements to the disclosures for convertible instruments and related earnings per share guidance. This guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021. The Company does not expect adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
In May 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with AT&T Inc. to combine with WarnerMedia’s ("WarnerMedia") entertainment, sports and news assets to create a standalone, global entertainment company. 
The proposed combination transaction will be executed through a Reverse Morris Trust type transaction, under which WarnerMedia will be distributed to AT&T’s shareholders via a pro rata distribution (i.e., a spin off). In connection with the combination transaction, AT&T will receive approximately $ 43 billion (subject to working capital and other adjustments) in a combination of cash, debt securities and WarnerMedia’s retention of certain debt. The Company has concluded that it will be considered the accounting acquirer. The Company established an interest rate derivative program to mitigate interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of future fixed-rate debt by WarnerMedia, which is expected to be guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company upon closing of the transaction. (See Note 10.)
