COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), increased in our U.S. segment, due to a smaller LIFO charge and increases in core merchandise categories, primarily foods and sundries, partially offset by the charges related to the discontinuation of our charter shipping activities discussed above and warehouse ancillary and other businesses. Gross margin percentage increased in our Canada segment, attributable to increases in core merchandise categories and warehouse ancillary and other businesses. Our Other International gross margin percentage decreased, largely due to decreases in core merchandise categories, partially offset by warehouse ancillary and other businesses. All segments were negatively impacted by increased 2% rewards. 
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 20 basis points compared to 2022. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation was 9.02%, an increase of 14 basis points. The comparison to last year was negatively impacted by 16 basis points in warehouse operations and other businesses, largely driven by wage increases effective in March and July 2022, and March 2023, as well as lower sales growth. Central operating costs were also higher by six basis points. SG&A was positively impacted by eight basis points due to the prior year's write-off of information technology assets and a charge related to granting our employees additional vacation. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar decreased SG&A expenses by approximately $281 compared to 2022, attributable to our Canadian and Other International Operations. 
Interest expense is primarily related to Senior Notes and financing leases. For more information on our debt arrangements, refer to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report.

BOEING CO report:
In February 2021, 2020 and 2019, we granted to our executives 980,077 , 325,108 and 233,582 restricted stock units (RSUs) as part of our long-term incentive program with grant date fair values of $ 215.70 , $ 319.04 and $ 428.22 per unit, respectively. During 2021, we also granted 47,430 RSUs as part of this long-term incentive program. The RSUs granted under this program will generally vest and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an executive terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability or death, the employee (or beneficiary) may receive a proration of stock units based on active employment during the three-year service period or all of their stock units depending on certain age and service conditions. In all other cases, the RSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. These RSUs are labeled executive long-term incentive program in the table below. 
In December 2020, we granted to our employees (excluding executives and certain union-represented employees), a one-time grant of 5,163,425 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $ 233.00 per unit. The RSUs granted under this program will vest and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an employee terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability or death, the employee (or beneficiary) may receive a proration of stock units based on active employment during the three-year service period. In all other cases, the RSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. These RSUs are labeled employee long-term incentive program in the table below. 
In addition to RSUs awarded under our long-term incentive programs, we grant RSUs to certain executives and employees to encourage retention or to reward various achievements. These RSUs are labeled other RSUs in the table below.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Novel Coronavirus Pandemic or COVID-19 (“Coronavirus ”) resulted in governments worldwide enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including travel restrictions, government-imposed shelter-in-place orders, quarantine periods, social distancing, and restrictions on large gatherings. These measures moderated in 2021 as vaccines have become more widely available in the United States and Canada. There is no way of predicting with certainty how long the pandemic might last. We continue to closely monitor and proactively adapt to developments and changing conditions. Currently, it is not possible to reliably estimate the impact to our operations, but the effects have been and could be material. 
Fixed income securities include bonds and asset-backed securities (“ABS”). ABS includes mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”) that were previously disclosed separately. Fixed income securities, which may be sold prior to their contractual maturity, are designated as available-for-sale (“AFS”) and are carried at fair value. The difference between amortized cost, net of credit loss allowances (“amortized cost, net”) and fair value, net of deferred income taxes and related life deferred policy acquisition costs (“DAC”), is reflected as a component of AOCI. The Company excludes accrued interest receivable from the amortized cost basis of its AFS fixed income securities. Cash received from calls and make-whole payments is reflected as a component of proceeds from sales and cash received from maturities and pay-downs is reflected as a component of investment collections within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
Equity securities primarily include common stocks, exchange traded and mutual funds, non-redeemable preferred stocks and real estate investment trust equity investments. Certain exchange traded and mutual funds have fixed income securities as their underlying investments. Equity securities are carried at fair value. Equity securities without readily determinable or estimable fair values are measured using the measurement alternative, which is cost less impairment, if any, and adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer.
