SALESFORCE INC report:
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning. Learning and development opportunities include Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees, in-person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks and more. We also encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations. For example, over 7,600 employees participated in at least one of our professional development training programs in fiscal 2022. 
We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of stock options, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local laws and to be competitive in the marketplace. 
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Regulation of Intrastate Crude Oil, NGL and Products Pipelines. Some of our crude oil, NGL and products pipelines are subject to regulation by the TRRC, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission and the Oklahoma Corporation Commission. The operations of our joint venture interests are also subject to regulation in the states in which they operate. The applicable state statutes require that pipeline rates be nondiscriminatory and provide no more than a fair return on the aggregate value of the pipeline property used to render services. State commissions generally have not initiated an investigation of rates or practices of 
petroleum pipelines in the absence of shipper complaints. Complaints to state agencies have been infrequent and are usually resolved informally. Although management cannot be certain that our intrastate rates ultimately would be upheld if challenged, we believe that, given this history, the tariffs now in effect are not likely to be challenged or, if challenged, are not likely to be ordered to be reduced. 
In addition, as noted above, the rates, terms and conditions for shipments of crude oil, NGLs or products on our pipelines could be subject to regulation by FERC under the ICA and the EPAct of 1992 if the crude oil, NGLs or products are transported in interstate or foreign commerce whether by our pipelines or other means of transportation. Since we do not control the entire transportation path of all crude oil, NGLs or products shipped on our pipelines, FERC regulation could be triggered by our customers’ transportation decisions.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Taxes – We continue to monitor existing and potential future tax reform. During the third quarter of 2019, we recorded the impact of Swiss tax reform and we will continue to monitor for any additional interpretative guidance that could result in changes to the amounts we have recorded. In the United States, while the 2017 U.S. tax reform reduced the U.S. corporate tax rate and included some beneficial provisions, other provisions have, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our results. 
Currency – As a global company with 73.2% of our net revenues generated outside the United States, we are continually exposed to changes in global economic conditions and currency movements. While we hedge significant forecasted currency exchange transactions as well as currency translation impacts from certain net assets of our non-U.S. operations, including the United Kingdom, we cannot fully predict or eliminate all adverse impacts arising from changes in currency exchange rates on our consolidated financial results. To partially offset currency translation impacts arising from our overseas operations, we enter into net investment hedges primarily in the form of local currency-denominated debt, cross-currency swaps and other financial instruments. While we work to mitigate our exposure to currency risks, factors such as continued global and local market volatility, actions by foreign governments, political uncertainty, limited hedging opportunities and other factors could lead to unfavorable currency impacts in the future and could adversely affect our results of operations or financial position. See additional discussion of Brexit and Argentina below and refer also to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , and Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information on how we manage currency and related risks. As currency movements can make comparison of year-over-year operating performance challenging, we isolate the impact of currency and also report growth on a constant currency basis, holding prior-year currency exchange rates constant, so that prior-year and current-year results can be compared on a consistent basis. 
Brexit – On December 24, 2020, the European Union and the United Kingdom reached an agreement on a new trade arrangement that became effective on January 1, 2021. Main trade provisions include the continuation of no tariffs or quotas on trade between the U.K. and E.U. so long as we meet prescribed trade terms. We will also need to meet product and labeling standards for both the U.K. and E.U. and we have already begun to introduce these changes gradually. The U.K. may also set its own trade policies with countries such as the United States, Australia and New Zealand that currently do not have free trade agreements with the E.U. Cross-border trade between the U.K. and E.U. will be subject to new customs regulations, documentation and reviews. To date, we have not experienced significant delays at U.K.-E.U. border crossings, however, we anticipate increased shipping costs and near-term delays because of the need for ongoing customs inspections and related procedures. Our supply chain in this market relies on imports of raw and packaging materials as well as finished goods. Volatility in foreign currencies and other markets may also arise as the U.K. and E.U. work though the new trade arrangements. Once the new rules are formalized, there could be other near- or long-term negative impacts. We have been taking protective measures to limit disruptions to our supply chain and sales to limit potential negative impacts on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We continue to increase our resources in customer service & logistics as well as in our factories and on our customs support teams. We are adapting our systems and processes for new and increased customs transactions. We continue to enhance resilience plans to aid in dealing with anticipated border delays. We are working to address new regulatory requirements such as packaging changes. Also, we continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the U.K. Any disagreements on trade terms or supply chain or distribution delays or other disruptions could negatively affect our U.K. business. In 2020, we generated 9.0% of our net revenues in the U.K.
