MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
2022 Change in net revenues (by percentage point) Total change in net revenues 9.7   % Removing the following items affecting comparability: Unfavorable currency 6.6 pp Impact of acquisitions (4.2) pp Impact of divestiture 0.2 pp 
Net revenue increase of 9.7% was driven by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 12.3% and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation and the impact of divestitures. Overall, we continued to see increased demand for our snack category products. Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Higher net pricing in all regions was due to the benefit of carryover pricing from 2021 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2022. Favorable volume/mix was driven by AMEA, Latin America and North America, primarily due to strong volume gains across our snack category products, while volume/mix was essentially flat in Europe. The November 1, 2022 acquisition of Ricolino added incremental net revenues of $98 million (constant currency basis), the August 1, 2022 acquisition of Clif Bar added incremental net revenues of $361 million, the January 3, 2022 acquisition of Chipita added incremental net revenues of $720 million (constant currency basis), the April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food added incremental net revenues of $15 million (constant currency basis) and the March 25, 2021 acquisition of Grenade added incremental net revenues of $22 million (constant currency basis). Unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $1,905 million, primarily due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies, including the euro, British pound sterling, Argentinean peso, Turkish lira, Australian dollar, Indian rupee, Polish zloty, Chinese yuan and Swedish krona, partially offset by the strength of a few currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the Russian ruble, Brazilian real and Mexican peso. The impact of divestitures resulted in a year-over-year reduction in net revenues of $56 million. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information. 
Operating Income – Operating income decreased $1,119 million (24.0%) to $3,534 million in 2022, Adjusted Operating Income (1) increased $264 million (5.5%) to $5,029 million and Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis increased $583 million (12.2%) to $5,348 million due to the following:

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
If assumptions used to estimate fair values are materially different, future earnings through depreciation and amortization expense could be impacted. In addition, if forecasts supporting the valuation of the long-lived assets, including intangibles, or goodwill are not achieved, impairments could arise. 
Revenue Recognition The majority of our consolidated revenues are generated through the sale of fuel and fuel-related products. We generally recognize fuel sales on a gross basis as we have control of the products before they are delivered to our customers. In drawing this conclusion, we consider various factors, including inventory risk management, latitude in establishing the sales price, discretion in the supplier selection and that we are normally the primary obligor in our sales arrangements. Our determination of whether to recognize revenue on a gross or net basis can materially impact the amount of revenue we report. Income Taxes 
We estimate total income tax expense based on statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in various jurisdictions in which we operate. Deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting using tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are recorded when it is likely a tax benefit will not be realized for a deferred tax asset. We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
On a weighted-average basis, overall utilization rates for our natural gas pipelines were approximately 60.4%, 57.2% and 60.0% during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These utilization rates represent actual natural gas volumes delivered as a percentage of our nominal delivery capacity and do not reflect firm capacity reservation agreements where capacity fees are earned whether or not the shipper actually utilizes such capacity.
We operate our natural gas pipelines and storage facilities with the exception of the White River Hub, Old Ocean Pipeline and certain segments of the Texas Intrastate System. The following information describes our principal natural gas pipelines:
 • The Texas Intrastate System is comprised of the 6,206-mile Enterprise Texas pipeline system and the 606-mile Channel pipeline system. The Texas Intrastate System gathers, transports and stores natural gas from supply basins in Texas including the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford and Barnett Shales for delivery to local gas distribution companies, electric utility plants and industrial and municipal consumers. The system is also connected to regional natural gas processing facilities and other intrastate and interstate pipelines. The Texas Intrastate System serves a number of commercial markets in Texas, including Corpus Christi, San Antonio/Austin, Beaumont/Orange and Houston, including the Houston Ship Channel industrial market.
