ALLSTATE CORP report:
There are no regulatory restrictions that limit the payment of dividends by the Corporation, except those generally applicable to corporations incorporated in Delaware. Dividends are payable only out of certain components of shareholders’ equity as permitted by Delaware law. However, the ability of the Corporation to pay dividends is dependent on business conditions, income, cash requirements of the Company, receipt of dividends from AIC and other relevant factors. 
The payment of shareholder dividends by AIC without the prior approval of the Illinois Department of Insurance (“IL DOI”) is limited to formula amounts based on net income and capital and surplus, determined in conformity with statutory accounting practices, as well as the timing and amount of dividends paid in the preceding twelve months. AIC paid dividends of $2.87 billion  in 2018 . The maximum amount of dividends AIC will be able to pay without prior IL DOI approval at a given point in time during 2019  is $2.73 billion , less dividends paid during the 
preceding twelve months measured at that point in time. The payment of a dividend in excess of this amount requires 30 days advance written notice to the IL DOI. The dividend is deemed approved, unless the IL DOI disapproves it within the 30 day notice period. Additionally, any dividend must be paid out of unassigned surplus excluding unrealized appreciation from investments, which for AIC totaled $11.15 billion  as of December 31, 2018 , and cannot result in capital and surplus being less than the minimum amount required by law.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Display Advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage a comprehensive set of proprietary data signals to identify and engage the right users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through Verizon Media platforms, we provide advertisers the ability to programmatically buy and measure advertising across all screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services; and to buy advertising inventory using traditional advertising sales methods. 
As the digital platform reshapes the delivery of media and entertainment content, there is an increasing need for a stable, high-quality video delivery platform. Verizon Digital Media Services (VDMS) offers a scalable platform for delivering content, including live broadcasts, video on demand, games, software and websites, to our customers on their devices at any time. This platform is targeted at media and entertainment companies and other businesses focused on delivering their digital products and services through the Internet. We also expect, through the VDMS platform, to support video initiatives and offerings, such as Fios and wireless, across the business. 
We have invested in converging technologies and services involving content delivery networks, video streaming and related consumer hardware to leverage new content models. Our wireless network enables us to move towards a unified video strategy that positions us to take advantage of this growth opportunity. We began using Multimedia Broadcast Multicast Service (MBMS) technology to develop our LTE Multicast service. MBMS has the potential to enhance our network efficiency and provide our customers with access to high-quality live streaming video content.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
• live events and original programming on Salesforce+, our streaming platform which launched in fiscal 2022, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the digital-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities;
