ALLSTATE CORP report:
Inclusive Diversity and Equity (“IDE”) We strive for a workforce where the breadth of our diversity makes us a better company. IDE is one of Allstate’s core values and serves as a foundation of Our Shared Purpose. 
• We track our workforce composition data over time to determine if we are making appropriate progress in advancing gender and racial representation in our employee population and we disclose our progress. In our Sustainability Report, we provide, among other things, five years of workforce composition data that shows a breakdown of salaried, hourly and management employees by gender and race. Beginning in 2021, we also disclose our EEO-1 data. 
• As part of our commitment to fair and equitable compensation practices, we complete an annual pay equity analysis. We partner with external law and data analytics firms to provide a more detailed analysis to identify potential pay gaps across substantially similar employee groups as well as identify policies, practices or systematic issues that may contribute to pay gaps now or over time. The external analyses found that Allstate’s results compared well to benchmarks for companies of similar size and scope.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Consumer and Business offer several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches. We permit customers to acquire equipment from us using device payment plans, which permit the customer to pay for the device in installments over time. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, Consumer sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis. Consumer also provides non-connectivity services including device protection, cloud storage, and other products. 
Residential Fixed Services . We provide residential fixed connectivity solutions to customers over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio, and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. As of December 31, 2021, fifth-generation (5G) fixed wireless technology for the home (5G Home) is available in parts of 65 U.S. cities . In addition, as of December 31, 2021, our Long-Term Evolution (LTE) Home fixed wireless access internet service is available in parts of all 50 states across the United States.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. 
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of family, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate and ensure the trust and customer success of our customers. 
We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies (2022 and for the eighth year in a row), Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work (2021 and for the 13th year in a row), Human Rights Campaign Best Places to Work For LGBTQ Equality (2022), and Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work in Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States (2022).
