ALLSTATE CORP report:
mechanisms that assess participating insurers for expected insured claims, reimburse participating insurers for qualifying paid claims and permit participating insurers to recoup amounts assessed directly from insureds. Indemnification recoverables are backed by the financial resources of the property and casualty insurance company market participants. 
The amounts reported as indemnification recoverables include amounts paid and due from indemnitors as well as estimates of amounts expected to be recovered from indemnitors on insurance liabilities that have been incurred but not yet paid. The design and function of these indemnification programs does not result in the retention of insurance or reinsurance risk by the indemnitor. Based on the Company’s evaluation of these programs on an individual basis, the establishment of credit loss allowances is not warranted at this time. The Company has not experienced any historical credit losses related to its indemnification programs. The Company continues to monitor these programs to determine whether any changes from historical experience have emerged or are expected to emerge or whether there have been any changes in the design or administration of the programs that would require establishment of credit loss allowances. 
Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired, less any impairment of goodwill recognized. The Company’s goodwill reporting units are equivalent to its reportable segments, Allstate Protection, Protection Services, Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits to which goodwill has been assigned.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe more traditional enterprise software application and platform vendors may become a greater competitive threat as they continue to shift more of their focus to cloud computing service offerings and customer experience management solutions. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The Act generally preempts regulation by state and local governments of the entry of, or the rates charged by, wireless carriers. The Act does not prohibit states from regulating the other "terms and conditions" of wireless service. For example, some states impose reporting requirements. Several states also have laws or regulations that address safety issues (e.g., use of wireless handsets while driving) and taxation matters. In addition, wireless tower and antenna facilities are often subject to state and local zoning and land use regulation, and securing approvals for new or modified facilities is often a lengthy and expensive process. 
Verizon offers many different broadband services. The FCC recognizes broadband internet access services as "information services" subject to a "light touch" regulatory approach rather than to the traditional, utilities-style regulations. However, a number of states have taken steps to regulate broadband and two of those cases related to regulations in California and Vermont are being litigated in the courts. Regardless of regulation, Verizon remains committed to the open internet, which provides consumers with competitive choices and unblocked access to lawful websites and content. Our commitment to our customers can be found on our website at https://www.verizon.com/about/our-company/verizon-broadband-commitment. 
Verizon offers many different wireline voice services, including traditional telephone service and other services that rely on technologies such as VoIP. For regulatory purposes, legacy telephone services are generally considered to be "common carrier" services. Common carrier services are subject to heightened regulatory oversight with respect to rates, terms and conditions and other aspects of the services. The FCC has not decided the regulatory classification of VoIP but has said VoIP service providers must comply with certain rules, such as 911 capabilities and law enforcement assistance requirements.
