SALESFORCE INC report:
Recruiting and Managing a Global, Diverse and Skilled Workforce: Our culture is driven by our core values of trust, customer success, innovation and equality. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of family, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent. We invest in programs designed to enhance employee success and create a safe, healthy and engaging working environment. Some examples include: 
• We review the salaries and bonuses of our global workforce on an annual basis to ensure everyone is paid equally for equal work and close any unexplained gaps. To date, we have spent $10.3 million intended to ensure equal pay for equal work. We also review differences in pay for not only gender, but also race and ethnicity in the United States; 
• We aspire to have 50 percent of our U.S. workforce made up of underrepresented groups (Women, Black, Latinx, Indigenous, Multiracial, Lesbian, Gay, Bi-Sexual, Trans, Queer, People with Disabilities, and Veterans) by 2023. As of October 31, 2019, 43.9 percent of our U.S. workforce was made up of underrepresented groups;

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The NAIC has adopted the Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act (“ORSA Model Act”), which has been enacted by our insurance subsidiaries’ domiciliary states. The ORSA Model Act requires that insurers maintain a risk management framework and conduct an internal own risk and solvency assessment of the insurer’s material risks in normal and stressed environments. Results of the assessment are filed annually. 
Allstate’s risk appetite is measured through our economic capital framework. The enterprise risk appetite is cascaded into individual risk limits which set boundaries on the amount of risk we are willing to accept from one specific risk category before escalating for further management discussion and action. Risk limits are established based upon expected returns, volatility, potential tail losses and impact on the enterprise portfolio. To effectively operate within risk limits and for risk-return optimization, business units establish risk limits and capital targets specific to their businesses. Allstate’s risk management strategies adapt to changes in business and market environments. 
Process Our ERRM framework establishes a basis for transparency and dialogue across the enterprise and for continuous learning by embedding our risk and return management culture of identifying, assessing,

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Pricing. With respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an important role in the wireless competitive landscape. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. Many wireless service providers also bundle wireless service offerings with other products and offer promotional pricing and incentives, some of which may be targeted specifically to customers of Verizon. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements. In addition, aggressive device promotions have become more common in an effort to gain a greater share of subscribers interested in changing carriers. With respect to wireline services, pricing is used by competitors to capture market share from incumbents, and it is a significant factor as non-traditional modes of providing communication services emerge and new entrants compete for customers. For example, VoIP and portal-based voice and video calling is often free or nearly free to customers and is often supported by advertising revenues. 
Customer service. We believe that high-quality customer service is a key factor in retaining customers and attracting new customers, including those of other providers. Our customer service, retention and satisfaction programs are based on providing customers with convenient and easy-to-use products and services and focusing on their needs in order to promote long-term relationships and minimize churn. The Verizon Up program, for example, was launched to promote long-term relationships with our Consumer customers. The program offers a variety of rewards to customers in exchange for points in connection with their account-related transactions. 
Customer service is highly valued by our Business customers. We provide Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other customers with ready access to their system and performance information, and we conduct proactive testing of our networks to identify issues before they affect our customers. We service our Small and Medium Business customers through service representatives and online support, as well as through store-based representatives for small business customers. For Wholesale customers, we pursue service improvement through continued system automation initiatives.
