ALLSTATE CORP report:
How reserve estimates are established and updated    Reserve estimates are developed at a very detailed level, and the results of these numerous micro-level best estimates are aggregated to form a consolidated reserve estimate. For example, over one thousand actuarial estimates of the types described above are prepared each quarter to estimate losses for each line of insurance, major components of losses (such as coverages and perils), major states or groups of states and for reported losses and IBNR. The actuarial methods described above are used to analyze the settlement patterns of claims by determining the development factors for specific data elements that are necessary components of a reserve estimation process. Development factors are calculated quarterly and periodically throughout the year for data elements such as claim counts reported and settled, paid losses, and paid losses combined with case reserves. The calculation of development factors from changes in these data elements also impacts claim severity trends. The historical development patterns for these data elements are used as the assumptions to calculate reserve estimates. 
Often, several different estimates are prepared for each detailed component, incorporating alternative analyses of changing claim settlement patterns and other influences on losses, from which we select our best estimate for each component, occasionally incorporating additional analyses and actuarial judgment, as described above. These micro-level estimates are not based on a single set of assumptions. Actuarial judgments that may be applied to these components of certain micro-level estimates generally do not have a material impact on the consolidated level of reserves. Moreover, this detailed 
micro-level process does not permit or result in a compilation of a company-wide roll up to generate a range of needed loss reserves that would be meaningful. Based on our review of these estimates, our best estimate of required reserves for each state/line/coverage component is recorded for each accident year, and the required reserves for each component are summed to create the reserve balance carried on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.109592 was applied to convert ClickSoftware's outstanding equity awards for ClickSoftware's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company's common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of ClickSoftware's field service management technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with ClickSoftware customers.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The following table summarizes the preliminary allocation of the consideration paid and payable to the identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the Acquisition Date. The purchase price allocation is preliminary and is subject to revision as additional information about the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including related deferred income taxes, become available. 
542   Total consideration $ 7,014   Assets acquired: Current assets $ 1,370   Property, plant and equipment, net 96   Goodwill 3,723   Other intangible assets 4,374   Other assets 731   Total assets acquired $ 10,294   Liabilities assumed: Current liabilities 1,433   Deferred income taxes 1,007   Other liabilities 840   Total liabilities assumed $ 3,280   Net assets acquired $ 7,014    
Other intangible assets include $ 2.3 billion related to customer relationships, with a weighted-average amortization period of 6 years, $ 1.3 billion related to distribution relationships, with a weighted-average amortization period of 5 years, $ 744 million related to trade names with a weighted-average amortization period of 16.5 years and $ 110 million related to acquired technology, with a weighted-average amortization period of 10 years. The intangible assets were assigned preliminary estimated fair values using an income approach. The valuations are considered Level 3 fair value measurements due to the use of significant inputs not observable in the market, which include the discount rate, royalty rate and amount and timing of future cash flows.
