VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the SEC, could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
an adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing; 
changes in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, including the SEC, may require or that result from changes in the accounting rules or their application, which could result in an impact on earnings.

SALESFORCE INC report:
(1) The Company's statutory rates were 21.0 percent  and 33.8 percent  for fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, respectively, which reflected the corporate tax rate reduction effective January 1, 2018 due to the Tax Act. 
In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act") was enacted into law, significantly changing income tax law that affects U.S. corporations. In fiscal 2018, due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity involved in applying the Tax Act, the Company recorded a provisional tax expense of $126 million  associated with the re-measurement of deferred taxes for the corporate rate reduction, which was offset by a reduction in valuation allowance of $136 million . Also, based on the Company's provisional assessment, the transition tax had no impact to its income tax provision. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company completed its analysis, based on the guidance, interpretations and data available, and recorded additional expense of $43 million . The adjustment was primarily due to the reversal of a foreign tax credit benefit associated with a one-time distribution. 
On January 22, 2018, the FASB released guidance on the accounting for tax on the global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”) provisions of the Tax Act. The GILTI provisions impose a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign corporations. The Company has elected to recognize any potential GILTI obligation as an expense in the period it is incurred.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
– $ 3.56 billion of placed limits attaching at $ 500 million, exhausting at $ 3.75 billion, with a 5 % co-participation. Coverage is provided in four contracts with one annual reinstatement of limits. 31.7 % of the first $ 250 million in excess of $ 500 million is retained by Allstate. 
– $ 331 million of placed limits in excess of a $ 3.75 billion retention, with a 5 % co-participation. Coverage is provided in two contracts, with one reinstatement of limits over each contract’s eight-year term. 
– Five contracts providing occurrence coverage of $ 950 million of placed limits, reinsuring losses in all states except Florida caused by named storms, earthquakes and fire following earthquakes, severe weather, wildfires, and other naturally occurring or man-made events determined to be a catastrophe by the Company.
