VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
As of January 2017, we no longer offer Consumer customers new fixed-term, subsidized service plans for phones; however, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program. 
Consumer and Business offer several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled Internet devices, such as tablets, laptop computers and netbooks, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches and other wearables . In certain cases, we permit customers to acquire equipment from us using device payment plans, which permit the customer to pay for the device in installments over time. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, Consumer sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including Internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, (% of municipal bond portfolio carrying value) 2021 2020 California 11.8   % 11.8   % Texas 8.7   9.5   Pennsylvania 5.4   5.8   New York 5.1   5.2   Colorado 4.4   5.5   Florida 4.2   5.5    
Short-term investments Short-term investments, including money market funds, commercial paper, U.S. Treasury bills and other short-term investments, are carried at fair value. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of short-term investments totaled $ 4.01 billion and $ 6.81 billion, respectively. 
Other investments Other investments primarily consist of bank loans, real estate, policy loans and derivatives. Bank loans are primarily senior secured corporate loans and are carried at amortized cost, net. Policy loans are carried at unpaid principal balances. Real estate is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Derivatives are carried at fair value.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards and convertible securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. 
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted earnings per share does not include the effect of the following potentially outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions): 
The Company has a 401(k) plan covering all eligible employees in the United States and a Registered Retirement Savings plan covering all eligible employees in Canada. Since January 1, 2006, the Company has been contributing to the plans. Total Company contributions during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, were $ 163 million, $ 127 million and $ 106 million, respectively.
