ALLSTATE CORP report:
The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using a binomial lattice model. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. In addition, separate groups of employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the binominal lattice model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility of the price of the underlying shares is implied based on traded options and historical volatility of the Company’s common stock. The expected dividends were based on the current dividend yield of the Company’s stock as of the date of the grant. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted was $17.03 , $14.60  and $12.25  during 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. The intrinsic value, which is the difference between the fair value and the exercise price, of options exercised was $72 million , $199 million  and $119 million  during 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively.  Changes in restricted stock units 
The fair value of restricted stock units is based on the market value of the Company’s stock as of the date of the grant. The market value in part reflects the payment of future dividends expected. The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted was $93.16 , $80.12  and $63.51  during 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested was $47 million , $58 million  and $29 million  during 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
• live events and original programming on our Salesforce+ streaming service, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the digital-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities; 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or

BOEING CO report:
We inquired of internal and external legal counsel to understand developments related to contractual obligations to customers, litigation and other claims relating to the 737 MAX Grounding and progression in potential settlement discussions. 
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2019 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 ) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019 of the Company, and our report dated January 31, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.
