WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Financial information with respect to our business segments, the geographic areas of our business and our customers is provided below and within Note 13. Business Segments, Geographic Information and Major Customers. 
We provide global aviation fuel supply and comprehensive service solutions to major commercial airlines, second and third-tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low-cost carriers, airports, fixed-based operators, corporate fleets, charter and fractional operators and private aircraft. Our aviation-related service offerings include fuel management, price risk management, ground handling, 24/7 global dispatch services, and trip planning services, including flight planning and scheduling, weather reports and overflight permits. We also supply fuel and provide services to U.S. 
and foreign government and military customers, such as the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency and North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") (collectively, "government customers"). In addition, we offer a growing suite of payment solutions and related processing services and technology, and we have developed and operate a web-based marketplace platform that facilitates aircraft charter arrangements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We are a party to various tax matter proceedings incidental to our business. These proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable outcomes could subject us to additional tax liabilities and could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial position. 
The following table summarizes the changes in the accumulated balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) attributable to Mondelēz International. Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) to net earnings (net of tax) were net losses/(gains) of $ 21 million in 2022, $( 44 ) million in 2021 and $ 285 million in 2020. 
   For the Years Ended December 31,   2022 2021 2020   (in millions) Currency Translation Adjustments: Balance at beginning of period $ ( 9,097 ) $ ( 8,655 ) $ ( 8,320 ) Currency translation adjustments ( 659 ) ( 481 ) ( 398 ) Reclassification to earnings related to: Equity method investment transactions (1)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We believe that these coming additions to petroleum production and consumption levels, along with favorable pricing trends, will create additional opportunities to provide midstream services to our customers while leveraging the strengths of our portfolio, which include:
Our Assets – Our people find innovative ways to optimize our large, integrated and diversified asset base to provide incremental services to customers and to respond to market opportunities. Additional production volumes could lead to higher demand for processing, transportation, fractionation and terminaling services. Storage services provide valuable flexibility for customers seeking to balance supply and demand while also allowing us to capture valuable contango and other marketing opportunities should they arise. U.S. energy and feedstock advantages position our assets well to compete globally for incremental production and processing volumes. To the extent a rising operating cost environment impacts our results, there are typically offsetting benefits either inherent in our business or that result from other steps we take proactively to reduce the impact of inflation on our operating results. These steps include revenue rate escalations based on inflation factors, fuel and electricity surcharges and additional volumetric throughputs often achieved during periods of higher prices.
Our Customers – We have contracted with a large number of quality customers in order to achieve revenue diversification. In 2022, our top 200 largest customers represented 95.3% of consolidated revenues. Based on their respective year-end 2022 debt ratings, 89.6% of revenues from our top 200 customers were either investment grade rated or backed by letters of credit. Additionally, less than 4% of our top 200 customer revenues were attributable to sub-investment grade or non-rated upstream producers.
