MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Mr. Valle became Executive Vice President and President, Latin America in February 2020. Before joining Mondelēz International, Mr. Valle served as Chief Executive Officer of Axia Plus, LLC, a management consulting firm, from February 2018 to January 2020. Prior to that he spent more than 20 years at Groupe Danone SA, a multinational provider of packaged water, dairy and baby food products, in a variety of leadership positions, most recently as Executive Vice President, Dairy Division Worldwide, from January 2015 to January 2018, and Vice President Dairy Division Europe, from January 2014 until December 2014. 
Mr. Walter became Executive Vice President and President, North America in November 2017. Before joining Mondelēz International, Mr. Walter worked at The Coca-Cola Company, a global beverage company, in a variety of leadership positions, most recently as Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Industries China from February 2014 to October 2017 and President and Chief Operating Officer of Cola-Cola Refreshments in North America from January 2013 to February 2014. 
We adopted the Mondelēz International Code of Conduct, which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The code applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics is available free of charge on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance and will be provided free of charge to any shareholder submitting a written request to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelēz International, Inc., 905 West Fulton Market, Suite 200, Chicago, IL 60607. We will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under our code of ethics, or certain amendments to the code of ethics, on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance .

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As of December 31, 2021, all senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and Scripps Networks, except for $ 23 million of un-exchanged Scripps Networks senior notes acquired in conjunction with the acquisition of Scripps Networks. 
In June 2021, DCL entered into a multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), replacing the existing $ 2.5 billion credit agreement, dated February 4, 2016, as amended. DCL has the capacity to initially borrow up to $ 2.5 billion under the Credit Agreement. Upon the closing of the proposed combination transaction with WarnerMedia and subject to certain conditions, the available commitments will increase by $ 3.5 billion, to an aggregate amount not to exceed $ 6 billion. The Credit Agreement includes a $ 150 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit. DCL may also request additional commitments up to $ 1 billion from the lenders upon satisfaction of certain conditions. Obligations under the Credit Agreement are unsecured and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Discovery, Inc. and Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc., and will also be guaranteed by the holding company of the WarnerMedia business upon the closing of the proposed combination transaction. The Credit Agreement will be available on a revolving basis until June 2026, with an option for up to two additional 364 -day renewal periods subject to the lenders' consent. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as affirmative and negative covenants. As of December 31, 2021, DCL was in compliance with all covenants and there were no events of default under the Credit Facility. 
Additionally, the Company's commercial paper program is supported by the Credit Facility. Under the commercial paper program, the Company may issue up to $ 1.5 billion, including up to $ 500 million of euro-denominated borrowings. Borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility is reduced by any outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We operate all of our natural gas processing facilities except for the Venice plant. On a weighted-average basis, utilization rates for our natural gas processing facilities were approximately 66.5%, 58.1% and 57.6% during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Midland Basin natural gas processing facility. The Midland Basin natural gas processing facility consists of five natural gas processing plants, which includes four natural gas processing plants (Newberry I, Newberry II, Trident and Taylor) that we acquired as part of our acquisition of Navitas Midstream Partners, LLC (“Navitas Midstream”) in February 2022 and a fifth natural gas processing plant (Leiker), which we completed construction of and placed into service in March 2022. See Part II, Item 7 of this annual report for additional information regarding our acquisition of Navitas Midstream.
During 2022, we announced plans to construct two new natural gas processing plants in the Midland Basin, Poseidon (previously referred to as Plant 6) and Leonidas (previously referred to as Plant 7), which are expected to be placed into service in the third quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively. Each of these plants will have the capacity to process 300 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract over 40 MBPD of NGLs and are supported by long-term acreage dedication agreements.
