ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our natural gas processing plants in South Texas decreased a net $9.9 million year-to-year primarily due to lower fee-based processing volumes, which accounted for a $21.7 million decrease, higher maintenance costs, which accounted for an additional $7.3 million decrease, partially offset by higher average processing margins, which accounted for an $18.6 million increase including the impact of hedging activities. Lower producer drilling activity in South Texas in 2017 contributed to a 352 MMcf/d decrease in fee-based natural gas processing volumes for these plants. 
Gross operating margin from our Permian Basin natural gas processing plants increased $2.0 million year-to-year, primarily due to gross operating margin from our South Eddy gas plant, which commenced operations in May 2016 and generated $3.9 million of the increase. Fee-based natural gas processing volumes and equity NGL production for our Permian Basin natural gas processing plants increased a combined 73 MMcf/d and 3 MBPD, respectively, year-to-year. 
Gross operating margin from our Seminole, Chaparral and affiliated NGL pipelines increased a combined net $77.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher transportation volumes of 123 MBPD, which accounted for a $72.7 million increase, and higher average transportation fees, which accounted for an additional $46.0 million increase, partially offset by higher pipeline offloading and capacity reservation costs paid to our other pipelines of $31.5 million. Gross operating margin from our Mid-America Pipeline System and related terminals increased a net $9.1 million primarily due to (i) higher transportation volumes of 50 MBPD, which accounted for a $26.8 million increase, (ii) higher blending, terminal and offloading revenues, which accounted for a $13.5 million increase, partially offset by (iii) lower average transportation fees, which accounted for an $18.5 million decrease, and (iv) higher pipeline offloading costs paid to affiliate pipelines, which accounted for an additional $16.3 million decrease. Gross operating margin from our equity investment in the Texas Express Pipeline increased $15.0 million year-to-year primarily due to higher transportation volumes of 15 MBPD (net to our interest) in 2018 attributable to contractual increases in committed shipper volumes and volumes offloaded from affiliate pipelines. Due to pipeline infrastructure constraints in the Permian Basin region, we have been using offloading arrangements to optimize available capacity on the Mid-American Pipeline System, Seminole Pipeline and Texas Express Pipelines to transport NGLs to our Mont Belvieu complex.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
A business combination occurs when an entity obtains control of a "business." To conclude if the definition of a business is met, we need to conclude whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets which requires significant judgment to determine the fair value. The determination of whether the acquired activities and assets constitute a business is critical because the accounting for a business combination differs significantly from that of an asset acquisition. Business combinations are accounted for using a fair value model. In contrast, asset acquisitions are accounted for using a cost accumulation and allocation model. 
Significant judgment is involved in the determination of fair values in the context of acquisitions as fair values are generally developed based on forecasted assumptions. Other factors affecting the concluded fair value are assumptions and estimates regarding the industry and economic factors as well as expected growth, profitability and risks embedded in the new acquired activities. 
If estimates or assumptions used to estimate fair values are materially incorrect, future earnings through depreciation and amortization expense could be impacted. In addition, if forecasts supporting the valuation of the long-lived assets, intangibles, or goodwill are not achieved, impairments could arise.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Year-end discount rates for our U.S., Canadian and U.K. plans were developed from a model portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments with durations that match the expected future cash flows of the benefit obligations. Year-end discount rates for our remaining non-U.S. plans were developed from local bond indices that match local benefit obligations as closely as possible. Changes in our discount rates were primarily the result of changes in bond yields year-over-year. Our expected health care cost trend rate is based on historical costs. 
For the periods presented, we measure service and interest costs for other postretirement benefits by applying the specific spot rates along a yield curve used to measure plan obligations to the plans’ liability cash flows. We believe this approach provides a good measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans’ liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. 
We made contributions to multiemployer medical plans totaling $ 19 million in 2021, $ 20 million in 2020 and $ 20 million in 2019. These plans provide medical benefits to active employees and retirees under certain collective bargaining agreements.
