MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We manage our global business and report operating results through geographic units. We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
On October 1, 2016, we integrated our EEMEA operating segment into our Europe and Asia Pacific operating segments to further leverage and optimize the operating scale built within the Europe and Asia Pacific regions. Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Belarus, Georgia and Kazakhstan were combined within our Europe operating segment, while the remaining Middle East and African countries were combined within our Asia Pacific region to form the AMEA operating segment. We have reflected the segment change as if it had occurred in all periods presented. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. Segment operating income excludes unrealized gains and losses on hedging activities (which are a component of cost of sales), general corporate expenses (which are a component of selling, general and administrative expenses), amortization of intangibles, net gain on divestitures and acquisition-related costs (which are a component of selling, general and administrative expenses) in all periods presented. We exclude these items from segment operating income in order to provide better transparency of our segment operating results. Furthermore, we centrally manage benefit plan non-service income and interest and other expense, net. Accordingly, we do not present these items by segment because they are excluded from the segment profitability measure that management reviews.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
To minimize fuel price risk, the Company enters into forward purchase commitments for a portion of its projected diesel fuel requirements. The Company had diesel fuel forward purchase commitments totaling $ 41 million through December 2023, as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company had electricity forward purchase commitments totaling $ 8 million through June 2024, as of December 31, 2022. The Company does not measure its forward purchase commitments for fuel and electricity at fair value, as the amounts under contract meet the physical delivery criteria in the normal purchase exception. 
Legal Proceedings —The Company is subject to a number of legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. These legal proceedings, whether pending, threatened or unasserted, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, may result in liabilities material to its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company has recognized provisions with respect to the proceedings, where appropriate, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. It is possible that the Company could settle one or more of these proceedings or could be required to make expenditures, in excess of the established provisions, in amounts that cannot be reasonably estimated. However, the Company, at present, believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
These condensed parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Under terms of the agreements governing its indebtedness, the net assets of USF are restricted from being transferred to US Foods in the form of loans, advances or dividends with the exception of income tax payments, share-based compensation settlements and minor administrative costs. USF had $ 1.6 billion of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $ 2.9 billion of its net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation, as of December 31, 2022. See Note 16, Share-Based Compensation, Common Stock Issuances and Common Stock, for a discussion of the Company’s equity-related transactions. In the condensed parent company financial statements below, the investment in the operating subsidiary, USF, is accounted for using the equity method.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• electrophysiology products, including the TactiFlex™ and TactiCath ® families of ablation catheters, and FlexAbility ® irrigated ablation catheters; EnSite ® family of cardiac mapping systems; Agilis ® NxT and Swartz™ introducer catheters; the Advisor ® HD Grid mapping catheter; and ViewFlex™ family of intracardiac echocardiography catheters; 
• heart failure related products, including the HeartMate ® left ventricular assist device family, the CardioMEMS ® HF System pulmonary artery sensor, a heart failure monitoring system, and the CentriMag ® System, an acute mechanical circulatory support system; 
• vascular products, including the XIENCE ® family of drug-eluting coronary stent systems developed on the Multi-Link Vision ® platform; StarClose SE ® , Perclose ProGlide ® and Perclose ProStyle ® vessel closure devices, TREK ® coronary balloon dilatation products, Hi-Torque Balance Middleweight Universal II ® guidewires, Supera ® Peripheral Stent System, a peripheral vascular stent system; Acculink ® /Accunet ® and Xact ® /Emboshield NAV6 ® , carotid stent systems; the OPTIS ® integrated systems with Ultreon™ 1.0 Software, compatible with the Dragonfly OPTIS ® imaging catheter and PressureWire ® fractional flow reserve measurement systems; and the JETi ® peripheral thrombectomy systems for clot removal;
