US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Goodwill and other intangible assets include the cost of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the tangible net assets recorded in connection with each acquisition. Other intangible assets include customer relationships, amortizable trade names, non- 
compete agreements, the brand names comprising our portfolio of private brands, and trademarks. We assess goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment each year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate an asset may be impaired. For goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, our policy is to assess for impairment as of the beginning of each fiscal third quarter. For other intangible assets with definite lives, we assess for impairment only if events occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
For goodwill, the reporting unit used in assessing impairment is the Company’s one business segment as described in Note 24, Business Information, in our consolidated financial statements. Our fiscal year 2021 assessment for impairment of goodwill was performed using a qualitative approach to determine, as of the date of the assessment, whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill was less than its carrying value. In performing the qualitative assessment, we identified and considered the significance of relevant key factors, events, and circumstances that affect the fair value of goodwill. These factors include external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as entity-specific factors, such as actual and planned financial performance. Based on our qualitative fiscal year 2021 annual impairment analysis for goodwill, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill exceeded its carrying value.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is identifiable to the Diagnostic Products reportable segment. The approximate value of the acquired tangible assets is $430 million of trade accounts receivable, $425 million of inventory, $225 million of other current assets, $540 million of property and equipment, and $210 million of other long-term assets. The approximate value of the acquired tangible liabilities is $675 million of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities and $145 million of other non-current liabilities. 
In the third quarter of 2017, Alere entered into agreements to sell its Triage MeterPro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and liabilities related to its B-type Natriuretic Peptide assay business run on Beckman Coulter analyzers to Quidel. The transactions with Quidel reflect a total purchase price of $400 million payable at the close of the transaction, $240 million payable in six annual installments beginning approximately six months after the close of the transaction, and contingent consideration with a maximum value of $40 million. In the third quarter of 2017, Alere entered into an agreement with Siemens Diagnostics Holding II B.V. (Siemens) to sell its subsidiary, Epocal Inc., for approximately $200 million payable at the close of the transaction. Alere agreed to divest these businesses in connection with the review by the Federal Trade Commission and the European Commission of Abbott's agreement to acquire Alere. The sale to Quidel closed on October 6, 2017, and the sale to Siemens closed on October 31, 2017. No gain or loss on these sales was recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
In 2017, consolidated Abbott results include $6.5 billion of sales and a pre-tax loss of approximately $1.3 billion related to the St. Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions, including approximately $1.5 billion of intangible amortization and $907 million of inventory step-up amortization. The pre-tax loss excludes acquisition, integration and restructuring-related costs.

SALESFORCE INC report:
service level penalties, the Company includes an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. 
Since the May 2018 acquisition of MuleSoft, subscription and support revenues also includes software licenses. These licenses for on-premises software provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Customers purchase these licenses through a subscription. Revenues from distinct licenses are generally recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer. In cases where the Company allocates revenue to software updates and support, primarily because the updates are provided at no additional charge, such revenue is recognized as the updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. 
The Company typically invoices its customers annually. Typical payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred.
