ALLSTATE CORP report:
Transfers into Level 3 during 2020, 2019 and 2018 included situations where a quote was not provided by the Company’s independent third-party valuation service provider and as a result the price was stale or had been replaced with a broker quote where the inputs had not been corroborated to be market observable resulting in the security being classified as Level 3. Transfers into Level 3 during 2019 also included derivatives embedded in equity-indexed universal life contracts due to refinements in the valuation modeling resulting in an increase in significance of non-market observable inputs. 
Transfers out of Level 3 during 2020, 2019 and 2018 included situations where a broker quote was used in the prior period and a quote became available from the Company’s independent third-party valuation service provider in the current period. A quote utilizing the new pricing source was not available as of the prior period, and any gains or losses related to the change in valuation source for individual securities were not significant. 
($ in millions) 2020 2019 2018 Assets Fixed income securities: Municipal $ 1   $ 1   $ —   Corporate - public ( 2 ) —   —   Corporate - privately placed 2   —   —   Total fixed income securities 1   1   —   Equity securities ( 3 ) 6   36   Free-standing derivatives, net —   ( 1 ) —   Total recurring Level 3 assets $ ( 2 ) $ 6   $ 36   Liabilities Contractholder funds: Derivatives embedded in life and annuity contracts $ ( 43 ) $ ( 61 ) $ 58   Total recurring Level 3 liabilities ( 43 ) ( 61 ) 58   Total included in net income $ ( 45 ) $ ( 55 ) $ 94   Components of net income Net investment income $ ( 24 ) $ ( 2 ) $ —   Realized capital gains (losses) 22   8   36   Life contract benefits ( 1 ) 7   ( 5 ) Interest credited to contractholder funds ( 42 ) ( 68 ) 63   Total included in net income $ ( 45 ) $ ( 55 ) $ 94   Assets Municipal $ 2   Corporate - public 1   Corporate - privately placed ( 11 ) ABS ( 1 ) Changes in unrealized net capital gains and losses reported in OCI (1)

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts with financial institutions to reduce foreign exchange risk associated with intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. The Company uses forward currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as hedging instruments, to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Japanese Yen. The Company’s derivative financial instruments program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes. The Company generally enters into master netting arrangements with the financial institutions with which it contracts for such derivatives, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty, thereby reducing risk of credit-related losses from a financial institutions' nonperformance. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the obligations of the Company to the counterparties. The notional amount of foreign currency derivative contracts as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 was $ 6.0 billion and $ 6.1 billion, respectively. 
Outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains or losses due to changes in the fair value of these derivative contracts, as well as realized gains or losses from their net settlement, are recognized as other expense consistent with the offsetting gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement or settlement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. 
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of those assets as follows:  Buildings and building improvements

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The FCC regulates some of the rates that carriers pay each other for the exchange of voice traffic (particularly traditional wireline traffic) over different networks and other aspects of interconnection for some voice services. The FCC also regulates some of the rates and terms and conditions for certain wireline "business data services" and other services and network facilities. Verizon is both a seller and a buyer of these services, and both makes and receives interconnection payments. In April 2017, the FCC issued an order, which is currently under appeal, that revised the regulatory structure for business data services, eliminating tariffing obligations and ex ante price regulations in markets the FCC determined to be competitive. The FCC has focused in recent years on whether changes in the rates, terms and conditions for both the exchange of traffic and for business data services may be appropriate. 
The Act generally preempts regulation by state and local governments of the entry of, or the rates charged by, wireless carriers. The Act does not prohibit states from regulating the other "terms and conditions" of wireless service. For example, some states attempt to regulate wireless customer billing matters and impose reporting requirements. Several states also have laws or regulations that address safety issues (e.g., use of wireless handsets while driving) and taxation matters. In addition, wireless tower and antenna facilities are often subject to state and local zoning and land use regulation, and securing approvals for new or modified facilities is often a lengthy and expensive process. 
State public utility commissions regulate Verizon’s telephone operations with respect to certain telecommunications intrastate matters. Verizon operates as an "incumbent local exchange carrier" in nine states and the District of Columbia. These incumbent operations are subject to various levels of pricing flexibility and other state oversight and requirements. Verizon also has other wireline operations that are more lightly regulated. In addition, as a video services operator in many states, Verizon has been required to obtain a cable franchise from local government entities, or in some cases a state-wide franchise, and comply with certain one-time and ongoing obligations, as a result.
