VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Product differentiation. As a result of pricing pressures, providers need to differentiate their products and services. Customers are shifting their focus from access to applications and are seeking ways to leverage their broadband and video connections. Converged features, such as integrated wireless and wireline functionality, are becoming similarly important, driven by both customer demand and technological advancement. 
Innovation. The delivery of new and innovative products and services has been accelerating. To compete effectively, providers need to continuously review, improve and refine their product portfolio and customer service experience and develop and rapidly deploy new products and services tailored to the needs of customers. 
In the Consumer Markets business, cable operators are significant competitors. Cable operators have increased the size and capacity of their networks in order to deliver digital products and services. We continue to market competitive bundled offerings that include Fios Internet, TV, and voice services and we have introduced market offers targeted to our Verizon Wireless customers. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We have historically provided and continue to provide our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also provide our services via cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. In fiscal 2022, we launched Hyperforce, a reimagination of our platform architecture built to securely and reliably deliver the Customer 360 platform on major public clouds, in select regions and with select offerings. We continue to invest in Hyperforce and look to make it available in more regions in fiscal 2023. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions, including our most recent acquisitions of Slack, Tableau, and MuleSoft. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
historical development patterns for these data elements are used as the assumptions to calculate reserve estimates, including the reserves for reported and unreported claims. Reserve estimates are regularly reviewed and updated, using the most current information available. Any resulting reestimates are reflected in current results of operations. 
The reserve for life-contingent contract benefits payable under insurance policies, including traditional life insurance, life-contingent immediate annuities and voluntary accident and health insurance products, is computed on the basis of long-term actuarial assumptions of future investment yields, mortality, morbidity, policy terminations and expenses. These assumptions, which for traditional life insurance are applied using the net level premium method, include provisions for adverse deviation and generally vary by characteristics such as type of coverage, year of issue and policy duration. The assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued and are generally not changed during the life of the policy. The Company periodically reviews the adequacy of reserves using actual experience and current assumptions. If actual experience and current assumptions are adverse compared to the original assumptions and a premium deficiency is determined to exist, any remaining unamortized DAC balance would be expensed to the extent not recoverable and the establishment of a premium deficiency reserve may be required for any remaining deficiency. In 2019 and 2018 , the Company’s reviews concluded that no premium deficiency adjustments were necessary. Prior to fourth quarter 2017, the Company evaluated traditional life insurance products and immediate annuities with life contingencies on an aggregate basis. In conjunction with the Company’s segment changes that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2017, traditional life insurance products, immediate annuities with life contingencies, and voluntary accident and health insurance are reviewed individually. The Company also reviews these policies for circumstances where projected profits would be recognized in early years followed by projected losses in later years. If this circumstance exists, the Company will accrue a liability, during the period of profits, to offset the losses at such time as the future losses are expected to commence using a method updated prospectively over time. To the extent that unrealized gains on fixed income securities would result in a premium deficiency if those gains were realized, the related increase in reserves for certain immediate annuities with life contingenci es is recorded net of tax as a reduction of unrealized net capital gains included in AOCI. 
Contractholder funds represent interest-bearing liabilities arising from the sale of products such as interest-sensitive life insurance and fixed annuities. Contractholder funds primarily comprise cumulative deposits received and interest credited to the contractholder less cumulative contract benefits, surrenders, withdrawals and contract charges for
