WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to or in excess of the closing market price of the Company’s Series A or Series C common stock on the date of grant. Substantially all stock options vest ratably over three to four years from the grant date based on continuous service and expire seven to ten years from the date of grant. Stock option awards generally provide for accelerated vesting upon retirement or after reaching a specified age and years of service. The Company received cash payments from the exercise of stock options totaling $ 17 million , $ 68 million and $ 42 million during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. As of December 31, 2019 , there was $ 89 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.5 years . 
The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the fair value of stock options as of the date of grant during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 were as follows. 
The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 was $ 8.43 , $ 7.95 and $ 7.99 , respectively, per option. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 was $ 4 million , $ 30 million and $ 26 million , respectively.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Seaway’s Texas City marine terminal features two docks, a 45-foot draft, an overall length of 1,125 feet, a 200-foot beam (width) and the capacity to load crude oil at a rate of 35,000 barrels per hour. We have used Seaway’s Texas City terminal to partially load Very Large Crude Carrier (“VLCC”) tankers, with the remaining volumes subsequently loaded on such vessels using lightering operations in the Gulf of Mexico.
 • The West Texas System connects crude oil gathering systems in West Texas and southeast New Mexico to our terminal facility located in Midland, Texas. The West Texas System, including the Loving County pipeline, is a key part of our strategic crude oil aggregation program designed to support Permian Basin producers with a transport capacity over 600 MBPD. At Midland, shippers have access to storage and terminal services, as well as connectivity to multiple transportation alternatives such as trucking and pipeline infrastructure that offer access to various downstream markets, including the Gulf Coast.
 • The South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System has the capacity to transport approximately 450 MBPD of crude oil and condensate originating in South Texas to customers in the Houston area. This system includes storage terminal assets located at Lyssy, Milton, Marshall and Sealy, Texas. The South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System also includes our Rancho II pipeline, which extends 89-miles from the Sealy terminal to our ECHO terminal. From ECHO, we have connectivity to refinery customers and our marine terminals along the Texas Gulf Coast.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. When assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider any carryback potential, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (including liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits), future taxable income and tax planning strategies. 
We recognize tax benefits in our financial statements from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. The amount we recognize is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon resolution. Future changes related to the expected resolution of uncertain tax positions could affect tax expense in the period when the change occurs. 
We monitor for changes in tax laws and reflect the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. When there is refinement to tax law changes in subsequent periods, we account for the new guidance in the period when it becomes known.
