COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The commitment to “Take Care of Our Employees” is also the foundation of our approach to diversity, equity and inclusion and creating an inclusive and respectful workplace. In 2021, we added training and communication for managers on topics of race, bias and equity, and greater visibility of our employee demographics. Embracing differences is important to the growth of our Company. It leads to more opportunities, innovation, and employee satisfaction and connects us to the communities where we do business. 
Costco is firmly committed to helping protect the health and safety of our members and employees and to serving our communities. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated challenges, we began providing premium pay to the majority of our hourly employees in March 2020 and continued for a full year through February 2021, at which time a portion of the premium was built permanently into our hourly wage scales in the U.S. In fall 2020, we also began offering employees additional paid time off to attend to child care and schooling needs through the 2021 school year. As the global effect of coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to evolve, we are closely monitoring the changing situation and complying with public health guidance. 
For more detailed information regarding our programs and initiatives, see “Employees” within our Sustainability Commitment (located on our website). This report and other information on our website are not incorporated by reference into and do not form any part of this Annual Report.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• a decrease of $89 million in terminal services margin primarily due to a $90 million decrease resulting from an expiration of a third-party contract at our Nederland Terminal in the second quarter of 2020, a $29 million decrease due to lower third-party and intercompany volumes feeding our Marcus Hook Terminal, a $16 million decrease due to lower expense reimbursements in 2020, and a $14 million decrease due to less domestic demand for jet fuel and other refined products. These decreases were partially offset by a $60 million increase due to higher throughput on our Mariner East system; and 
• a decrease of $56 million in marketing margin primarily due to an $87 million decrease due to lower margin from our butane blending business, a $37 million decrease in gasoline blending and optimization due primarily to unfavorable market conditions primarily attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic. These decreases were partially offset by a $47 million increase due to higher optimization gains from the sale of NGL component products at our Mont Belvieu facility and a $21 million increase in NGL export and rack volumes. 
Volumes. For the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the prior year, crude transportation volumes were lower on our Texas pipeline system and our Bakken pipeline, driven by lower production in these regions due to lower crude oil prices as well as lower refinery utilization caused by COVID-19 demand destruction, partially offset by contributions from assets acquired in 2019. Crude terminal volumes were higher due to contributions from assets acquired in 2019, partially offset by lower Permian and Bakken pipeline volumes, reduced refinery utilization, and reduced export demand at our Nederland Terminal.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Since the adoption of ASU 2016-01 on February 1, 2018, cumulative impairments and downward adjustments were $ 102 million and cumulative upward adjustments were $ 454 million through January 31, 2020. 
Realized gains on sales of equity securities, net reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the equity security at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. The cumulative net realized gain, measured as the sale price less the initial purchase price, for equity securities exited during fiscal 2020 is $ 353 million. 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets $ 28     $ 42     Derivative Liabilities Foreign currency derivative contracts Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 24     $ 17
