VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We offer telematics services including smart fleet management and optimization software. Telematics service revenue is generated primarily through subscription contracts. We recognize revenue over time for our subscription contracts. 
Costs for advertising products and services, as well as other promotional and sponsorship costs, are charged to Selling, general and administrative expense in the periods in which they are incurred. See Note 15 for additional information. 
Basic earnings per common share are based on the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Where appropriate, diluted earnings per common share include the dilutive effect of shares issuable under our stock-based compensation plans.

SALESFORCE INC report:
During fiscal 2021, the Company capitalized $ 1.6 billion of costs to obtain revenue contracts and amortized $ 1.1 billion to marketing and sales expense. During fiscal 2020, the Company capitalized $ 1.1 billion of costs to obtain revenue contracts and amortized $ 0.9 billion to marketing and sales expense. During fiscal 2021 the Company offered its direct sales force a partial minimum commission guarantee that would pay the greater of actual commissions earned or a fixed amount of their variable compensation that would have otherwise been paid during the three months ended April 30, 2020 if incremental new business had not been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. As these payments were guaranteed, and not a cost to obtain a revenue contract, the amounts were immediately expensed and are reflected in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations for fiscal 2021. Costs capitalized to obtain a revenue contract, net on the Company's consolidated balance sheets totaled $ 2.9 billion as of January 31, 2021 and $ 2.3 billion as of January 31, 2020. There were no impairments of costs to obtain revenue contracts for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
The Company considers all of its marketable debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classifies these securities within current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value, with the change in unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income until realized. Fair value is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are assessed to determine what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected credit losses, as required by new accounting pronouncement, Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13 (“ASU 2016-13”), discussed in further detail below. Expected credit losses on securities are recognized in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations, and any remaining unrealized losses, net of taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity. For the purposes of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses, the cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. Interest on securities classified as available for sale is included as a component of investment income within other expense. 
Privately held equity securities which the Company does not have a controlling financial interest in but does exercise significant influence over the investee are accounted for under the equity method. Privately held equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are recorded at cost and adjusted for observable transactions for same or similar investments of the same issuer (referred to as the measurement alternative) or impairment. All gains and losses on privately held equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recorded through gains on strategic investments, net on the consolidated statement of operations. Privately held debt securities are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through comprehensive income on the consolidated balance sheet.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Florida Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Agreement comprises five contracts, as described below, which reinsures Castle Key for personal lines property excess catastrophe losses in Florida. For the June 1, 2019 to May 31, 2020 term, the agreement includes two contracts placed in the traditional market, Castle Key’s reimbursement contracts with the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (“Mandatory FHCF contracts”), and the Sanders Re 2017-2 Contract (“Sanders Re 2017-2”) placed in the ILS markets. 
Below FHCF Contract reinsures personal lines property excess catastrophe losses caused by multiple perils in Florida. The contract provides three separate limits of $ 34 million in excess of a $ 20 million retention, each occurrence, and is 100 % placed. The contract includes two reinstatements of limits. The first reinstatement of limits is prepaid and the second or final reinstatement requires additional premium. Only the portion of the limit utilized to indemnify losses from an event mandatorily reinstates; the remaining reinstatement limit remains available and will be used as future events erode the per occurrence contract limit. Reinsurance premium is subject to redetermination for exposure changes. 
Mandatory FHCF Contracts indemnify qualifying personal lines property losses caused by storms the National Hurricane Center declares to be hurricanes. The contracts provide $ 151 million of limits in excess of a $ 54 million provisional retention and are 90 % placed (or $ 136 million in excess of a $ 54 million provisional retention), and also include reimbursement of up to 10 % of eligible loss adjustment expenses, which is part of and not in addition to the reinsurance limit provided, with no reinstatement of limits. For each of the two largest hurricanes, the provisional retention is $ 54 million and a retention equal to one-third of that
