SALESFORCE INC report:
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MapAnything was approximately $ 213 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 53 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of four to five years . The Company recorded approximately $ 152 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating MapAnything's technology with the Company's other offerings. The majority of the goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
The Company invested $ 23 million in a noncontrolling equity investment in MapAnything prior to the acquisition. The Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 9 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in MapAnything held before the business combination. The gain is included in gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
In August 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama"), which provides a platform for enterprises, agencies and publishers to integrate data across marketing channels and data sources.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Development during which extensive testing is performed to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design specifications conform to user needs and intended uses. 
The regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. In the U.S., the FDA classifies diagnostic products into classes (I, II, or III) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. While the Diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as Class I or Class II. Submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for Class I products. Class II devices typically require pre-market notification to the FDA through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. Most Class III products are subject to the FDA’s Premarket Approval (PMA) requirements. Other Class III products, such as those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a Biological License Application (BLA). 
In the European Union (EU), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the European In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Directive, depends upon the category, with certain product categories requiring review and approval by an independent company, known as a Notified Body, before the manufacturer can affix a CE mark to the product to declare conformity to the Directive. Other products only require a self-certification process. In 2017, the EU adopted the new In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replaced the existing directive in the EU for in vitro diagnostic products and imposed additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. In December 2021, the IVDR was amended to extend the regulation’s previous two-year transition period by a range of one to three years, with the transition period extending to May 2027 for certain classes of diagnostic devices. However, the amendment did not delay the date of application of the IVDR itself which took effect on May 26, 2022.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We believe that a broad array of value-added solutions offered by foodservice distributors makes customers more effective and efficient and can help foodservice distributors profitably grow their businesses. These services require distributors to invest in their capabilities, resulting in a higher cost-to-serve. When customers benefit from product and service solutions, they purchase a more attractive and profitable mix of items and tend to have stronger commercial relationships and loyalty. 
We believe that the customer types that we target, which include independent restaurants, small and regional chains, and healthcare and hospitality customers, have greater growth prospects and/or benefit from the types of value-added solutions we offer to a greater extent than other customer types. 
Evolving consumer tastes and preferences.  Consumers demand healthy and authentic food alternatives with fewer artificial ingredients, and they value locally harvested and sustainably manufactured products. In addition, many ethnic food offerings are becoming more mainstream as consumers show a greater willingness to try new flavors and cuisines. Changes in consumer preferences create opportunities for new and innovative products and for unique food-away-from-home destinations. This, in turn, is expected to create growth, expand margins, and produce better customer retention opportunities for those distributors with the flexibility to balance national scale and local preferences. We believe foodservice distributors will likely need broader product assortments, extended supplier networks, effective supply chain management capabilities, and strong food safety programs to meet these needs.
