MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Level 1 financial assets and liabilities consist of exchange-traded commodity futures and listed options. The fair value of these instruments is determined based on quoted market prices on commodity exchanges. 
Level 2 financial assets and liabilities consist primarily of over-the-counter (“OTC”) currency exchange forwards, options and swaps; commodity forwards and options; and interest rate swaps. Our currency exchange contracts are valued using an income approach based on observable market forward rates less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. Commodity derivatives are valued using an income approach based on the observable market commodity index prices less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount or based on pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as commodity prices. Our calculation of the fair value of interest rate swaps is derived from a discounted cash flow analysis based on the terms of the contract and the observable market interest rate curve. Our calculation of the fair value of financial instruments takes into consideration the risk of nonperformance, including counterparty credit risk. Our OTC derivative transactions are governed by International Swap Dealers Association agreements and other standard industry contracts. Under these agreements, we do not post nor require collateral from our counterparties. The majority of our derivative contracts do not have a legal right of set-off. We manage the credit risk in connection with these and all our derivatives by entering into transactions with counterparties with investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure with each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition of our counterparties. 
We recognized a gain of $ 10 million in 2018 in interest and other expense, net related to certain forward-starting interest rate swaps for which the planned timing of the related forecasted debt was changed. We also recorded pre-tax losses of $ 97 million within interest and other expense, net in the first quarter of 2016 related to amounts excluded from effectiveness testing. These amounts relate to interest rate swaps no longer designated as cash flow hedges due to changes in financing plans. Due to lower overall costs and our decision to hedge a greater portion of our net investments in operations that use currencies other than the U.S. dollar as their functional currencies, we changed our plans to issue U.S. dollar-denominated debt and instead issued euro and Swiss franc-denominated notes in 2016. Amounts excluded from effectiveness testing were not material for all other periods presented.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.These forward-looking statements are estimates and projections reflecting our best judgment and involve risks, uncertainties or other factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may prove to be incorrect. Our actual results may differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws (including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), interpretations of such laws, changes in the mix of taxable income among different tax jurisdictions, or adverse results of tax audits, assessments, or disputes; 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this 2019 10-K Report will be deemed to modify or supersede such forward-looking statements.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Changes in the FERC’s methodologies for approving rates could adversely affect us. In addition, challenges to our regulated rates could be filed with the FERC and future decisions by the FERC regarding our regulated rates could adversely affect our cash flows. We believe the transportation rates currently charged by our interstate liquids pipelines are in accordance with the ICA and applicable FERC regulations. However, we cannot predict the rates we will be allowed to charge in the future for transportation services by such pipelines.
Certain of our intrastate natural gas pipelines, including the Texas Intrastate System and Acadian Gas System, are subject to regulation by the FERC under the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (“NGPA”), in connection with the transportation and storage services they provide pursuant to Section 311 of the NGPA. Under Section 311, along with the FERC’s implementing regulations, an intrastate pipeline may transport gas “on behalf of” an interstate pipeline company or any local distribution company served by an interstate pipeline, without becoming subject to the FERC’s broader regulatory authority under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (“NGA”). These services must be provided on an open and nondiscriminatory basis, and the rates charged for these services may not exceed a “fair and equitable” level as determined by the FERC in periodic rate proceedings.
In July 2018, the FERC issued a final rule to address the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on cost-of-service rates for jurisdictional natural gas pipelines. The final rule primarily impacts interstate pipelines regulated under the NGA. With respect to intrastate pipelines regulated by the FERC under the NGPA, the rule requires an intrastate pipeline with rates on file with a state regulatory agency to file with the FERC a new rate election for its interstate rates if the state rates are reduced to reflect the reduced income tax rates adopted in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As of the filing date of this annual report, we have not been required to refile the rates for our intrastate systems as a result of this rule.
