BOEING CO report:
Industrial Revenue Bonds Industrial Revenue Bonds (IRB) issued by St. Louis County were used to finance the purchase and/or construction of real and personal property at our St. Louis site. Tax benefits associated with IRBs include a twelve-year property tax abatement and sales tax exemption from St. Louis County. We record these properties on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. We have also purchased the IRBs and therefore are the bondholders as well as the borrower/lessee of the properties purchased with the IRB proceeds. The liabilities and IRB assets are equal and are reported net in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the assets and liabilities associated with the IRBs were $ 271 . 
Other Indemnifications In conjunction with our sales of Electron Dynamic Devices, Inc. and Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power businesses and our BCA facilities in Wichita, Kansas and Tulsa and McAlester, Oklahoma, we agreed to indemnify, for an indefinite period, the buyers for costs relating to pre-closing environmental conditions and certain other items. We are unable to assess the potential number of future claims that may be asserted under these indemnifications, nor the amounts thereof (if any). As a result, we cannot estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnities and therefore, no liability has been recorded. To the extent that claims have been made under these indemnities and/or are probable and reasonably estimable, liabilities associated with these indemnities are included in the environmental liability disclosure in Note 13. 
In the first quarter of 2021, we issued $ 9,825 of fixed rate senior notes consisting of $ 1,325 due February 4, 2023 that bear an annual interest rate of 1.167 %, $ 3,000 due February 4, 2024 that bear an annual interest rate of 1.433 %, and $ 5,500 due February 4, 2026 that bear an annual interest rate of 2.196 %. The notes are unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The net proceeds of the issuance totaled $ 9,780 , after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. We used the net proceeds of these note issuances to repay $ 9,825 outstanding under our two-year delayed draw term loan credit agreement in the first quarter of 2021, and we repaid the remaining $ 4,000 in the fourth quarter of 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Customer 360 Platform. Acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. This process resulted in our acquisition of several companies in recent years, notably our acquisition of Slack in fiscal 2022. 
We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted geographies, businesses and technological initiatives. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. 
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Changes in our growth assumptions, including the risk of loss of key customers, or adverse changes in the discount rates could result in a decline in fair value and result in a goodwill impairment charge. 
Reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense estimation Reserves are established to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims and claims expenses under insurance policies we have issued. Underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense reserves. These reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including IBNR, as of the financial statement date. 
settle claims, less losses that have been paid. The significant lines of business are auto, homeowners, and other personal lines for Allstate Protection, and asbestos, environmental, and other discontinued lines for Discontinued Lines and Coverages. Allstate Protection’s claims are typically reported promptly with relatively little reporting lag between the date of occurrence and the date the loss is reported. Auto and homeowners liability losses generally take an average of about two years to settle, while auto physical damage, homeowners property and other personal lines have an average settlement time of less than one year. Discontinued Lines and Coverages involve long-tail losses, such as those related to asbestos and environmental claims, which often involve substantial reporting lags and extended times to settle.
