BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including the identification of our reporting units, identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, and determination of fair value. In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis, we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management’s strategic business plans. Changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in goodwill impairment charges. We believe the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. Estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used, where available. Critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include, but are not limited to, assumptions about variables such as commodity prices, crop throughput and production volumes, profitability, future capital expenditures and discount rates, all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment. 
During the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined the estimated fair values of each of our goodwill reporting units exceeded each of their carrying values. See Note 8- Goodwill, to our consolidated financial statements. During the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million related to what had been our Bunge Loders Croklaan reporting unit. 
Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. Property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. When facts and circumstances indicate the carrying values of these assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. If it appears the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we compare the carrying value of the assets to the discounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal, and if the carrying value is greater, recognize an impairment loss for the difference between the discounted projected future cash flows and the carrying value of the assets as a charge against results of operations. Our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. As we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets, changes in these factors could cause us to realize material impairment charges. We recorded impairment charges of $180 million for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2019, primarily related to portfolio rationalization initiatives.

BOEING CO report:
In December 2020, we granted to our employees (excluding executives and certain union-represented employees), a one-time grant of 5,163,425 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $ 233.00 per unit. The RSUs granted under this program will vest and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an employee terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability, or death, the employee (or beneficiary) will receive a proration of stock units based on active 
employment during the three-year service period. In all other cases, the RSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. These RSUs are labeled employee long-term incentive program in the table below. 
In addition to RSUs awarded under our long-term incentive program, we grant RSUs to certain executives and employees to encourage retention or to reward various achievements. These RSUs are labeled other RSUs in the table below. The fair values of all RSUs are estimated using the average of the high and low stock prices on the date of grant.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Short-term: Comprise U.S. Treasury bills valued based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets in active markets that the Company can access and actively traded money market funds that have daily quoted net asset values for identical assets that the Company can access. 
Separate account assets:   Comprise actively traded mutual funds that have daily quoted net asset values that are readily determinable for identical assets that the Company can access. Net asset values for the actively traded mutual funds in which the separate account assets are invested are obtained daily from the fund managers. 
 U.S. government and agencies: The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields and credit spreads.
