ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The business of providing natural gas gathering, compression, treating, transportation, storage and marketing services is highly competitive. Since pipelines are generally the only practical mode of transportation for natural gas over land, the most significant competitors of our transportation and storage segment are other pipelines. Pipelines typically compete with each other based on location, capacity, price and reliability. 
We face competition with respect to retaining and obtaining significant natural gas supplies under terms favorable to us for the gathering, treating and marketing portions of our business. Our competitors include major integrated oil and gas companies, interstate and intrastate pipelines and other companies that gather, compress, treat, process, transport and market natural gas. Many of our competitors, such as major oil and gas and pipeline companies, have capital resources and control supplies of natural gas substantially greater than ours. 
In marketing natural gas, we have numerous competitors, including marketing affiliates of interstate pipelines, major integrated oil and gas companies, and local and national natural gas gatherers, brokers and marketers of widely varying sizes, financial resources and experience. Local utilities and distributors of natural gas are, in some cases, engaged directly, and through affiliates, in marketing activities that compete with our marketing operations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Houston Ship Channel   Pipeline System connects our Mont Belvieu area assets to our marine terminals on the Houston Ship Channel and to area petrochemical plants, refineries and other pipelines. 
The Rio Grande Pipeline transports mixed NGLs from near Odessa, Texas to a pipeline interconnect at the Mexican border south of El Paso, Texas. We own a 70% consolidated interest in the Rio Grande Pipeline through our majority owned subsidiary, Rio Grande Pipeline Company. 
The Panola Pipeline transports mixed NGLs from injection points near Carthage, Texas to the Mont Belvieu hub and supports the Haynesville and Cotton Valley oil and gas production areas. We own a 55% consolidated interest in the Panola Pipeline through our majority owned subsidiary, Panola Pipeline Company, LLC.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration service offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings are suited to meet the needs of our customers in certain industries, such as solutions for financial services, healthcare and life sciences and education and non-profit, as well as customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small business. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee commerce and enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;
