ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Years Ended December 31, 2020 2019 Change Revenues $ 667 $ 698 $ (31) Cost of products sold 82 91 (9) Segment margin 585 607 (22) Operating expenses, excluding non-cash compensation expense 
Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to last year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our investment in USAC segment increased due to the net impacts of the following: 
• a decrease of $22 million in segment margin primarily driven by a decrease in revenues primarily due to a decrease in average revenue generating horsepower as a result of a decline in demand for compression services primarily driven by a decrease in U.S. crude oil and natural gas activities and a reduction of ancillary maintenance work, offset by a decrease in costs of products sold of $9 million.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on July 1. We assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill reporting units. We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as significant changes in the organization occur. Annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. In our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit’s estimated fair value with its carrying value. We estimate a reporting unit’s fair value using a discounted cash flow method that incorporates planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. This year, for our Europe and North America reporting units, we used a market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 5.9 % to discount the projected cash flows of those operations. For our Latin America and AMEA reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 8.9 % . Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future 
plans, industry and economic conditions, and our actual results and conditions may differ over time. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s net assets exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. 
Annually we assess non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. If significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. We determine estimated fair value using estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, we consider the asset impaired and reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair value. We amortize definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives and evaluate them for impairment as we do other long-lived assets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
estimated fair values, the Company recorded $851 million  of intangible assets and $3.4 billion  of goodwill. The majority of the goodwill balance associated with these business combinations is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations reflects the fair value of future billings of amounts that are contractually committed by acquired companies' existing customers as of the acquisition date. Customer contract assets are amortized over the corresponding contract terms. Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations at January 31, 2019  and January 31, 2018  were $121 million  and $159 million , respectively, which is included in “Other assets” on the consolidated  balance sheets. 
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets   acquired. Goodwill amounts are not amortized, but rather tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter.
