US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
MADE EASY is aimed at providing operators reliability and flexibility in our service model supported by tools and resources to support them in running their businesses. This means on-time and complete orders and customer choice via the multi-channel offering we have to serve our customers. These offerings are supported with technology and expertise that make it easier to transact with us and run their businesses. Our mobile technology platform provides customers with a personalized e-commerce ordering experience and easy-to-use business analytics tools. Our portfolio of value-added services helps customers address key pain points like food 
waste, back-of-house operations and diner traffic. By delivering our products and services through a differentiated team-based selling approach, we provide customers access to a diverse team of experts including chefs, center of the plate and produce specialists and restaurant operations consultants. Customers utilizing these solutions tend to purchase more and have stronger commercial relationships with us. 
As noted above, our strategy of making it easier for our customers including servicing our customers through multiple channels. We have nearly 80 cash and carry locations to provide more customers with a retail option in between deliveries and to cost effectively serve more price-conscious and smaller customers. The cash and carry offering was significantly enhanced by our acquisition in 2020 of Smart Foodservice, a company that operated 70 small-format cash and carry stores across California, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Utah and Washington that serve small and mid-sized restaurants and other food business customers with a broad assortment of products. In addition, US Foods Direct™, an online ordering platform, more than doubles our product assortment and provides customers with access to thousands of specialty products which ship directly to them from the supplier. More recently, we expanded our US Foods Pronto™ service in select markets to let restaurant operators receive smaller orders more frequently. Truly giving our customers options to shop their way.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. 
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart and neuromodulation products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Arrhythmias & Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation and Structural Heart divisions are aggregated and reported as the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation segment. 
Abbott's underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment's assets. 
The following segment information has been prepared in accordance with the internal accounting policies of Abbott, as described above, and are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied to the consolidated financial statements.
