ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Our subsidiaries are involved in the management of coal and natural resources properties and the related collection of royalties. We also earn revenues from other land management activities, such as selling standing timber, leasing coal-related infrastructure facilities, and collecting oil and gas royalties. These operations also include end-user coal handling facilities. 
The descriptions below include summaries of significant assets within the Partnership’s reportable segments. Amounts, such as capacities, volumes and miles included in the descriptions below are approximate and are based on information currently available; such amounts are subject to change based on future events or additional information. 
100 % 750 2.0 — HPL System 100 % 3,920 5.3 52.5 ETC Katy Pipeline 100 % 460 2.9 — Regency Intrastate Gas 100 % 450 2.1 — Comanche Trail Pipeline 16 % 195 1.1 — Trans-Pecos Pipeline 16 % 143 1.4 — Old Ocean Pipeline, LLC 50 % 240 0.2 — Red Bluff Express Pipeline 70 % 108 1.4 —

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related economic effects may disrupt our global supply chain, operations and routes to market or those of our suppliers, their suppliers, our co-manufacturers, distributors or other business partners. These disruptions or our failure to effectively respond to them could increase product or distribution costs and prices and continue to negatively affect operations and results. 
• During the pandemic, we have incurred higher operating costs primarily for labor, customer service and logistics, security, personal protective equipment and cleaning. While we have not had long-term, severe supply chain disruptions, we do not know whether or how our supply chain or operations may be negatively 
affected if the pandemic continues. We intend to continue to execute on our strategic operating plans as the situation evolves. Disruptions, higher operating costs or uncertainties like those noted above could result in delays or modifications to our plans and initiatives.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We plan to continue to reinvest a significant portion of our income from operations in future periods to grow and innovate our business and service offerings and expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We drive innovation organically and, to a lesser extent, through acquisitions. We regularly evaluate acquisitions and investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings and to nurture the overall ecosystem for our offerings. Past acquisitions have enabled us to deliver innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics and integration. We continue to evaluate investment opportunities and expect to continue to make investments and acquisitions in the future, such as our pending acquisition of Slack. Slack has an integrated value proposition across all of our service offerings and, upon close of the transaction and successful product integration, we believe it will further enable companies to grow and succeed in an all-digital, work-from-anywhere era. 
As a result of our aggressive growth plans and integration of our previously acquired businesses, we have incurred significant expenses for equity awards and amortization of purchased intangibles, which have reduced our operating income. 
We periodically make changes to our sales organization to position us for long-term growth, which has in the past and could again in the future result in temporary disruptions to our sales productivity. In addition, we have experienced, and may at times in the future experience, more variation from our forecasted expectations of new business activity due to longer and less predictable sales cycles and increasing complexity of our business, which includes an expanded mix of products and various revenue models resulting from acquisitions and increased enterprise solution selling activities. Slower growth in new business in a given period could negatively affect our revenues in future periods, as well as remaining performance obligation in current or future periods, particularly if experienced on a sustained basis.
