MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On June 27, 2017, a global malware incident impacted our business. The malware affected a significant portion of our global sales, distribution and financial networks. Following the incident, we executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages and restore our systems environment. We also restored our main operating systems and processes and enhanced our system security. To date, we have not found, nor do we expect to find, any instances of Company or personal data released externally. 
During 2017, we estimated the malware incident had a negative impact of 0.4% on our net revenue and Organic Net Revenue growth as we recognized the majority of delayed second quarter shipments in our third quarter 2017 results and we also permanently lost some revenue. We incurred total incremental expenses of $84 million predominantly during the second half of 2017 as part of the recovery effort. The recovery from the incident was largely resolved by the end of 2017 and we continued efforts to strengthen our security measures and enhance general information technology, business process and disclosure controls. 
Net revenues were approximately $25.9 billion in both 2019 and 2018 , a decrease of 0.3% in 2019 and an increase of 0.2% in 2018 . In 2019, net revenues declined due to the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of the divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa. Net revenues were positively affected by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix, as well as the acquisitions of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks in 2019 and a U.S. premium biscuit company, Tate's Bake Shop, in 2018. In 2018, net revenues grew due to higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Net revenues were also positively affected by the acquisition of Tate's Bake Shop. Net revenue growth was negatively affected by the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of several business divestitures that occurred in 2017 which reduced net revenues in 2018 as compared to the prior year.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our compensation philosophy is to pay for performance, encourage excellence and reward employees who innovate and deliver high-quality results. Our compensation programs are designed to implement our compensation philosophy by: 
• on-site wellness centers in our New York, Silver Spring, Sterling, Knoxville and London offices, a fully-equipped fitness center in our Knoxville office, and access to virtual fitness classes and wellbeing programs; 
• family support programs, including on-site childcare in our Knoxville and Warsaw offices, childcare locator services, back-up childcare, maternity/paternity leave, adoption assistance and elder care;

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Like many publicly traded partnerships, we have no employees. All of our management, administrative and operating functions are performed by employees of EPCO pursuant to an administrative services agreement (the “ASA”) or by other service providers.
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of gross operating margin, a non-generally accepted accounting principle (“non-GAAP”) financial measure, for us. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold.
Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to certain risks. For information regarding such risks, see “Risk Factors” included under Part I, Item 1A of this annual report.
