ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Hog Island wharf is located next to the Fort Mifflin terminal on the Delaware River and receives crude oil via two ship docks. The Darby Creek tank farm is a primary crude oil storage terminal that receives crude oil from the Fort Mifflin terminal and Hog Island wharf via our pipelines and has a total storage capacity of approximately 2.7 MMBbls 
• Eagle Point. The Eagle Point terminal is located in Westville, New Jersey and consists of docks, truck loading facilities and a tank farm. The docks are located on the Delaware River and can accommodate three marine vessels (ships or barges) to receive and deliver crude oil, intermediate products and refined products to outbound ships and barges. The tank farm has a total active storage capacity of approximately 1.8 MMBbls and can receive crude oil via barge and rail and deliver via ship and barge, providing customers with access to various markets. The terminal generates revenue primarily by charging fees based on throughput, blending services and storage. 
• Midland. The Midland terminal is located in Midland, Texas and was acquired in November 2016 from Vitol. The facility includes approximately 1 MMBbls of crude oil storage, a combined 20 lanes of truck loading and unloading, and provides access to the Permian Express 2 transportation system.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment includes our (i) propylene production facilities, which include propylene fractionation units and a PDH facility, and related pipelines and marketing activities, (ii) butane isomerization complex and related deisobutanizer (“DIB”) operations, (iii) octane enhancement, iBDH and HPIB production facilities, (iv) refined products pipelines, terminals and related marketing activities, (v) an ethylene export terminal and related operations; and (vi) marine transportation business.
We evaluate segment performance based on our financial measure of gross operating margin. Gross operating margin is an important performance measure of the core profitability of our operations and forms the basis of our internal financial reporting. We believe that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that our management uses in evaluating segment results. 
The following table presents gross operating margin by segment and total gross operating margin, a non-generally accepted accounting principle (“non-GAAP”) financial measure, for the years indicated (dollars in millions):

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our current objectives in managing exposure to interest rate changes are to limit the impact of interest rates on earnings and cash flows. To achieve these objectives, we may enter into variable interest rate swaps, effectively converting fixed rate borrowings to variable rate borrowings indexed to LIBOR in order to reduce the amount of interest paid. We may also enter into fixed rate forward starting swaps to limit the impact of volatility in interest rates for future issuances of fixed rate debt. As of December 31, 2020, we had entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements with a notional value of $2 billion for the future issuances of fixed rate debt. 
As of December 31, 2020, the fair value of our outstanding public senior notes was $18.7 billion. The fair value of our long-term debt may vary as a result of market conditions and other factors. A change in market interest rates will impact the fair market value of our fixed rate debt. The potential change in fair value of these senior notes from a 100 basis-point increase in quoted interest rates across all maturities, often referred to as a parallel shift in the yield curve, would be a decrease in fair value of approximately $1.7 billion as of December 31, 2020. 
We transact business globally and are subject to risks associated with changing foreign currency exchange rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows and future earnings. Our International Networks segment operates from hubs in EMEA, Latin America and Asia. Cash is primarily managed from five global locations with net earnings reinvested locally and working capital requirements met from existing liquid funds. To the extent such funds are not sufficient to meet working capital requirements, drawdowns in the appropriate local currency are available from intercompany borrowings or drawdowns from our revolving credit facility. The earnings of certain international operations are expected to be reinvested in those businesses indefinitely.
