BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We are subject to various legal proceedings and risks globally in the course of our business, including claims, suits, and government investigations or proceedings involving competition, tax, labor and employment, environmental, commercial disputes and other matters. Although we cannot accurately predict the amount of any liability that may ultimately arise with respect to any of these matters, we make provisions for potential liabilities when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. These provisions are based on current information and legal advice and are adjusted from time to time according to developments. We do not expect the outcome of these proceedings, net of established reserves, to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Due to their inherent uncertainty, however, there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of current or future litigation, proceedings, investigations or claims and it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in judgments, awards, fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. 
For a discussion of certain legal and tax matters relating to Argentina and Brazil, see Notes 14  - Income Taxes and 21 - Commitments and Contingencies  to our consolidated financial statement included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, we are a party to a large number of labor and civil claims relating to our Brazilian operations. We have reserved an aggregate of $70 million  and $66 million  for labor and civil claims, respectively, as of December 31, 2018 . The labor claims primarily relate to dismissals, severance, health and safety, salary adjustments and supplementary retirement benefits. The civil claims relate to various legal proceedings and disputes, including disputes with suppliers and customers and include approximately 126 million  Brazilian reais  (approximately $33 million  as of December 31, 2018 ) related to a legacy environmental claim in Brazil. 
  The following should be read in conjunction with "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements" and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The changes in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the table above during 2021 compared to 2020, were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses. 
We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Consumer and Business. We measure and evaluate our segments based on segment operating income. The use of segment operating income is consistent with the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance. 
To aid in the understanding of segment performance as it relates to segment operating income, management uses the following operating statistics to evaluate the overall effectiveness of our segments. We believe these operating statistics are useful to investors and other users of our financial information because they provide additional insight into drivers of our segments’ operating results, key trends and performance relative to our peers. These operating statistics may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to those statistics of other companies.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested stock options and restricted stock awards with an estimated fair value of $ 1.5 billion. Of the total consideration, $ 292 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 1.2 billion was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
The amounts of revenue and earnings of Tableau included in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations from the acquisition date of August 1, 2019 to January 31, 2020 are as follows (in millions): 
The following pro forma financial information summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company and Tableau, as though the companies were combined as of the beginning of the Company’s fiscal 2019.
