ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Following this exchange, approximately $194.2 million of existing St. Jude Medical notes remained outstanding across the five series of existing notes which have the same coupons and maturities as those listed above. There were no significant costs associated with the exchange of debt. In addition, during the 
On January 4, 2017, as part of funding the cash portion of the St. Jude Medical acquisition, Abbott borrowed $2.0 billion under a 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility. This facility was repaid during the first quarter of 2017. 
In 2017, Abbott issued 364-day yen-denominated debt, of which $199 million and $195 million was outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In 2017, Abbott also paid off a $479 million yen-denominated short-term borrowing during the year.

SALESFORCE INC report:
On the lease commencement date, the Company also establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are included in property and equipment and are amortized over the lease term to operating expense. 
The Company has entered into subleases or has made decisions and taken actions to exit and sublease certain unoccupied leased office space. Similar to other long-lived assets discussed below, management tests ROU assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. For leased assets, such circumstances would include the decision to leave a leased facility prior to the end of the minimum lease term or subleases for which estimated cash flow do not fully cover the costs of the associated lease. 
Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Each period, the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful life of its intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Management tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company records its interest rate swaps in its Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value, based on projections of cash flows and future interest rates. The determination of fair value includes the consideration of any credit valuation adjustments necessary, giving consideration to the creditworthiness of the respective counterparties and the Company. The following table presents t he balance sheet location and fair value of the interest rate swaps as of December 28, 2019 and December 29, 2018 : 
Gains and losses on the interest rate swaps are initially recorded in accumulated o ther comprehensive loss and reclassified to interest expense during the period in which the hedged transaction affects income. The following table presents the effect of the Company’s interest rate swaps in its Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended December 28, 2019 , December 29, 2018 , and December 30, 2017: 
The fair value of the Company’s total debt approximated its carrying value of $ 4.7 billion and $ 3.5 billion as of December 28, 2019 and December 29, 2018 , respectively. The fair value of the Company’s 5.875 % unsecured Senior Notes due June 15, 2024 (the “Senior Notes”) was $ 0.6 billion as of both December 28, 2019 and December 29, 2018 , based upon the closing market prices of the Senior Notes on both dates, and is classified under Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the balance of the Company’s debt is primarily classified under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, with fair value estimated based upon a combination of the cash outflows expected under these debt facilities, interest rates that are currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms, and estimates of the Company’s overall credit risk.
