WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Before we apply the acquisition method, we determine whether a transaction meets the definition of a business combination. For a transaction to meet the definition of a business combination, the entity or net assets acquired must meet the definition of a business in ASC 805. If the assets acquired are not a business, we account for the transaction or other event as an asset acquisition. We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, under which the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to all identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest at the fair value as of the acquisition date. We generally calculate the fair value using the income approach. The estimated future cash flows are based on the best information available to us at the time, acquisition-related costs incurred in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred. 
Goodwill arises because the purchase price paid reflects numerous factors, including the strategic fit and expected synergies these acquisitions bring to our existing operations. Goodwill is recorded at fair value and is reviewed at least annually at year-end (or more frequently under certain circumstances) for impairment. 
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level and is initially based on an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any individual reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Such events or circumstances could include limited market volatility, which adversely impacts our supply and trading activities, or material and sustained adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or in the industries and markets where we operate, overall financial performance, and our market capitalization, among others. There was significant volatility in the stock market during the fourth quarter 2018 including a significant decline in the Company’s market capitalization which was below book value at December 31, 2018. Management conducts an impairment test as of December 31 of each year, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired, as further described below. Based on the quantitative impairment test as of December 31, 2018, there were no impairments recorded for any of our reporting units.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
For the periods presented, we measure service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along a yield curve used to measure plan obligations to the plans’ liability cash flows. We believe this approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans’ liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. 
Settlement losses include $ 5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 , $ 11 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 and $ 15 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 of pension settlement losses for employees who elected lump- 
sum payments in connection with our Simplify to Grow Program. Retired employees who elected lump-sum payments resulted in net settlement losses of $ 31 million for our U.S. plans and $ 4 million for our non-U.S. plans in 2018 , $ 21 million for our U.S. plans and $ 6 million for our non-U.S. plans in 2017 and $ 15 million for our U.S. plans and $ 6 million for our non-U.S. plans in 2016 . See Note 7, Restructuring Program , for more information.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The White River Hub is a natural gas hub facility serving producers in the Piceance Basin. The facility enables producers to access six interstate natural gas pipelines and has a gross throughput capacity of 3 Bcf/d of natural gas. Our 50% ownership interest in White River Hub is held indirectly through our equity method investment in White River Hub, LLC. 
The Haynesville Gathering System consists of the 214-mile State Line gathering system, the 73-mile Southeast Mansfield gathering system, and the 70-mile Southeast Stanley gathering system. The Haynesville Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the Haynesville and Bossier Shale supply basins and the Cotton Valley and Taylor Sand formations in Louisiana and eastern Texas for delivery to regional markets, including (through an interconnect with the Haynesville Extension pipeline) markets served by our Acadian Gas System. 
The BTA Gathering System , which is located in East Texas, gathers and treats natural gas from the Haynesville Shale and Bossier, Cotton Valley and Travis Peak formations. We acquired this system, along with our Panola and Fairway natural gas processing plants, in April 2017 for $191.4 million. For information regarding this acquisition, see Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
