ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to CE marking of the device. For other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the CE mark to the product. Outside the U.S. and the EU, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions. 
After approval and commercial launch of some medical devices, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority. 
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Pro Forma Financial Information — The following table presents the Company’s unaudited pro forma consolidated net sales, net income and earnings per share (“EPS”) for fiscal year 2020. The unaudited pro forma financial information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisition and related financing of Smart Foodservice had occurred as of December 30, 2018 which date represents the first day of the Company’s fiscal year that preceded the year of acquisition. 
The unaudited pro forma financial information above includes adjustments for: (1) incremental depreciation expense related to fair value increases of certain acquired property and equipment, (2) amortization expense related to the fair value of amortizable intangible assets acquired, (3) interest expense related to the term loan facilities and revolving credit facilities used to finance the acquisitions, (4) the elimination of acquisition-related costs that were included in the Company’s historical results, and (5) adjustments to the income tax provision based on pro forma results of operations. No effect has been given to potential synergies, operating efficiencies or costs arising from the integration of Smart Foodservice with our previously existing operations or the standalone cost estimates and estimated costs incurred by their former respective parent companies. Accordingly, the unaudited pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have been achieved had the pro forma events taken place on the date indicated. Further, the pro forma financial information does not purport to project the Company’s future consolidated results of operations following the acquisitions. 
Since mid-March 2020, our business has been significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic was expected to have on our customers, particularly our restaurant and hospitality customers, and to reflect the increased collection risk associated with our customers, we significantly increased our allowance for doubtful accounts in 2020. Since that initial charge in 2020, due to more favorable than anticipated collections on our pre-COVID-19 accounts receivable, we reduced our allowance for doubtful accounts. All pre-COVID-19 accounts receivable have been collected or written off by the end of fiscal year 2022.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. 
Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings to customers for our subscription service. Over 90 percent of the value of our billings to customers is for our subscription and support service. We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or in revenue depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. In general, we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period. We typically issue renewal invoices in advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and services contract and the subsequent renewal invoice may occur in different quarters. There is a disproportionate weighting toward annual billings in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of large enterprise account buying patterns. Our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year-on-year compounding effect of this seasonality in both billing patterns and overall new and renewal business causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter for both new business and renewals to increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. Accordingly, because of this billing activity, our first quarter is typically our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. Conversely, our third quarter has historically been our smallest operating cash flow quarter. In response to COVID-19, we offered temporary financial flexibility to some customers in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and changed billing frequencies for other customers throughout fiscal 2021, which has delayed payments to periods later than expected. We also have accelerated our investments in our go-to-market and product efforts throughout fiscal 2021, which resulted in increased expenses and a negative impact to operating cash flow. These efforts have affected and may continue to affect trends related to the seasonal nature of unearned revenue, accounts receivable and operating cash flow. Unearned revenues, accounts receivable and operating cash flow may also be impacted by acquisitions. For example, operating cash flows may be adversely impacted by acquisitions due to transaction costs, financing costs such as interest expense and lower operating cash flows from the acquired entity. 
The sequential quarterly changes in accounts receivable and the related unearned revenue and operating cash flow during the first quarter of our fiscal year are not necessarily indicative of the billing activity that occurs for the following quarters as displayed below (in millions).
