ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Primary marketing efforts for nutritional products are directed toward consumers or to securing the recommendation of Abbott’s brand of products by physicians or other health care professionals. In addition, certain nutritional products sold as Similac ® , Gain™, Grow™, Eleva™, PediaSure ® , PediaSure SideKicks ® , Pedialyte ® , Ensure ® , Zone Perfect ® , and Glucerna ® are also promoted directly to the public by consumer marketing efforts in select markets where appropriate.
Competition for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising, formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers’ products may increase competitive pressure.
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes care products for people with diabetes, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. Medical devices are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, depending upon the product, medical devices are generally marketed and sold directly to wholesalers, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, physicians’ offices, and distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $23 million in operating expenses primarily due to a $30 million increase in throughput-related costs on existing assets, partially offset by a $14 million decrease in management fees as well as the impact of certain intrasegment transactions discussed above; and 
 Years Ended December 31,   2019 2018 Change Revenues $ 16,596 $ 16,994 $ (398) Cost of products sold 15,380 15,872 (492) Segment margin 1,216 1,122 94 Unrealized (gains) losses on commodity risk management activities 
Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to the Investment in Sunoco LP segment increased due to the net impacts of the following:

SALESFORCE INC report:
Data subscription and support revenues include revenues from term and perpetual software licenses, which are recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Therefore, we expect Data to experience greater volatility in revenues period to period compared to our other service offerings. Additionally, as we transition customers within the Data offering from perpetual and term software licenses to subscription based services, revenue associated with such customers will generally be recognized ratably over the contract term, resulting in potentially less revenue in the period the customer transitions but potentially increasing revenues over the remaining term. 
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. The increase in revenues across all regions was due primarily to the continued execution of our business and growth strategy, including increasing our geographic reach primarily through extending our go-to-market capabilities globally. During fiscal 2023, revenues outside of the Americas were negatively impacted by foreign currency fluctuations by approximately ten percent compared to fiscal 2022. 
For fiscal 2023, the increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase of $638 million in employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. We have increased our headcount associated with our data centers, customer support and professional services by 27 percent since fiscal 2022 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers as well as from our fiscal 2023 acquisition of Traction on Demand. Fiscal 2023 cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, were consistent to that of fiscal 2022.
