ALLSTATE CORP report:
Unfavorable reserve reestimates for personal auto are primarily from bodily injury and physical damage coverages. Increases in injury coverages reflect recent data and updated assumptions related to severity of third-party bodily injury claims, increased claims with attorney representation, litigation costs, increased medical treatment utilization and higher medical 
inflation. Increases in physical damage reflect the ongoing inflationary factors and supply chain shortages impacting used vehicle and parts prices, labor rates and length of claim resolution. Delays in the receipt of claims, including third-party carrier claims also contributed to the adverse development of claims reported in prior years. The estimate of the year-to- 
Favorable results for homeowners insurance in 2021 were primarily due to catastrophe reserve reestimates driven by estimated recoveries related to our aggregate reinsurance coverage and wildfire subrogation settlements. Unfavorable reserve reestimates for auto and commercial lines in 2021 primarily related to auto liability coverages.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Aaron Buettner, 48- Mr. Buettner has served as President, Food Solutions since January 1, 2022, having previously served as President, Bunge Loders Croklaan (Loders) since May 2019. Mr. Buettner joined Bunge in September 2015 serving as Vice President, Global Oils. Prior to joining Bunge, Mr. Buettner worked at Cargill for 19 years in a variety of commercial, finance and general management leadership roles in the United States, Russia and Asia-Pacific refined oils businesses. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting and Computer Science from the University of Northern Iowa and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. 
Robert Coviello, 53 -Mr. Coviello has served as Chief Sustainability Officer and Government Affairs since May 2019. As a member of the Bunge team for more than 18 years, Mr. Coviello has held a variety of commercial leadership positions in Asia, Europe and the U.S. Prior to joining Bunge, Mr. Coviello served in trading roles at Cargill in the U.S. He holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Mr. Coviello also serves on the Board of Directors of Lamb Weston, a New York Stock Exchange company. 
Christos Dimopoulos, 48 -Mr. Dimopoulos has served as President, Global Supply Chains since May 2019. Mr. Dimopoulos joined Bunge in 2004 as a grain trader and subsequently held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility in the Agribusiness Segment, most recently serving as Senior Vice President Global Grains and Oilseeds. Prior to Bunge, Mr. Dimopoulos held roles in Europe and the United States with Tradigrain and Intrade Risk Management. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Management and Marketing from HEC Lausanne in Switzerland.

BOEING CO report:
Hedge fund NAVs are generally based on the valuation of the underlying investments. This is primarily done by applying a market or income valuation methodology depending on the specific type of security or instrument held. 
Investments in private equity, private debt, real estate, real assets and hedge funds are primarily calculated and reported by the General Partner, fund manager or third party administrator. Additionally, some investments in fixed income and equity are made via commingled vehicles and are valued in a similar fashion. Pension assets invested in commingled and limited partnership structures rely on the NAV of these investments as the practical expedient for the valuations. 
 January 1 2021 Balance Net Realized and Unrealized Gains/(Losses) Net Purchases, Issuances and Settlements Net Transfers Into/(Out of) Level 3 December 31 2021 Balance Fixed income securities: Corporate
