ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
​ 
Equities that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per month, with a required 7 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Fixed income securities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly, with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.
Absolute return funds and commodities are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Investments in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 90 days . For approximately $ 235 million and $ 100 million of the absolute return funds, redemptions are subject to a 33 percent gate and a 25 percent gate, respectively, and $ 45 million is subject to a lock until 2022. For commodities, investments in the private energy funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2020 to 2022. Abbott’s unfunded commitments in these funds as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 were not significant. Investments in the private funds (excluding private energy funds) cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2020 to 2029. Abbott’s unfunded commitment in these funds was $ 571 million and $ 518 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Trade Accounts Receivable —Trade accounts receivable are stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. We establish allowances for uncollectible trade accounts receivable based on lifetime expected credit losses using an aging schedule for each pool of trade accounts receivable. Pools are determined based on risk characteristics such as the type of customer and geography. A default rate is derived using a provision matrix based on Bunge's historical receivables data. The default rate is then applied to the pool to determine the allowance for expected credit losses. Given the short term nature of our trade accounts receivable, the default rate is only adjusted if significant changes in the credit profile of the portfolio are identified (e.g., poor crop years, credit issues at the country level, systematic risk), resulting in historic loss rates that are not representative of forecasted losses. Uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount that is less than the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection of the balance is unlikely. 
Specifically, in establishing appropriate default rates as of December 31, 2021, we took into consideration expected impacts on our customers and other debtors in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors, which did not result in a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
We record and report accrued interest receivable within the same line item as the related receivable. The allowance for expected credit losses is estimated on the amortized cost basis of the trade accounts receivable, including accrued interest receivable. We recognize credit loss expense when establishing an allowance for accrued interest receivable.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, which offers proactive monitoring and instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self service offerings. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.
