SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. 
Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings to customers for our subscription service. Over 90 percent of the value of our billings to customers is for our subscription and support service. We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or in revenue depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. In general, we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period. We typically issue renewal invoices in advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and services contract and the subsequent renewal invoice may occur in different quarters. There is a disproportionate weighting toward annual billings in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of large enterprise account buying patterns. Our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year-on-year compounding effect of this seasonality in both billing patterns and overall new and renewal business causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter for both new business and renewals to increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. Accordingly, because of this billing activity, our first quarter is typically our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. Conversely, our third quarter has historically been our smallest operating cash flow quarter. In response to COVID-19, we offered temporary financial flexibility to some customers in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and changed billing frequencies for other customers throughout fiscal 2021, which has delayed payments to periods later than expected. We also have accelerated our investments in our go-to-market and product efforts throughout fiscal 2021, which resulted in increased expenses and a negative impact to operating cash flow. These efforts have affected and may continue to affect trends related to the seasonal nature of unearned revenue, accounts receivable and operating cash flow. Unearned revenues, accounts receivable and operating cash flow may also be impacted by acquisitions. For example, operating cash flows may be adversely impacted by acquisitions due to transaction costs, financing costs such as interest expense and lower operating cash flows from the acquired entity. 
The sequential quarterly changes in accounts receivable and the related unearned revenue and operating cash flow during the first quarter of our fiscal year are not necessarily indicative of the billing activity that occurs for the following quarters as displayed below (in millions).

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The following discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand the Company, our financial condition and results of operations and our present business environment. It should be read together with Item 6 of Part II, “Selected Financial Data,” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion and analysis contain certain financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful supplemental information about our operating performance, because they exclude amounts that our management does not consider part of core operating results when assessing our performance and underlying trends. Information regarding reconciliations of and the rationale for these measures is discussed in “Non-GAAP Reconciliations” in Item 6 of Part II, “Selected Financial Data.” 
Case growth — Case growth, by customer type (e.g., independent restaurants) is reported as of a point in time. Customers periodically are reclassified, based on changes in size or other characteristics, and when those changes occur, the respective customer’s historical volume follows its new classification. 
Within the foodservice distribution industry, there have recently been mixed sales results among different customer types having varying sizes and growth profiles and differing product and service requirements. Independent restaurants, a customer type of strategic focus for us, grew during 2018. We believe we have capitalized on innovative product offerings and our e-commerce and technology solutions to grow our mix with independent restaurants, and have made gains in this area. National chain restaurants experienced mild industry growth during 2018; however, we experienced declines with this customer type from strategically planned exits from certain national chain business.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Debt — Principal payments required on long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 are $2.3 billion in 2023, $1.1 billion in 2024, $1.5 billion in 2025, $2.9 billion in 2026, $0.6 billion in 2027 and $8.7 billion in 2028 and thereafter. Interest payments required on long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 are $567 million in 2023, $525 million in 2024, $493 million in 2025, $462 million in 2026, $391 million in 2027 and $5.4 billion in 2028 and thereafter. 
In addition, Abbott enters into purchase commitments in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital expenditure requirements. The majority of outstanding purchase commitments generally do not extend past one year. 
Abbott’s primary markets are highly competitive and subject to substantial government regulations throughout the world. Abbott expects debate to continue over the availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services. It is not possible to predict the extent to which Abbott or the health care industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. A more complete discussion of these factors is contained in Item 1, Business, and Item 1A, Risk Factors.
