ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The primary customer of EHT is our NGL marketing group, which uses the terminal to meet the needs of export customers. NGL marketing transacts with these customers using long-term sales contracts with take-or-pay provisions and/or exchange agreements. In recent years, the U.S. has become the largest exporter of LPG in the world, with shipments originating from EHT playing a key role.
EHT also includes an NGL import terminal. This import terminal can offload NGLs from tanker vessels at rates up to 8,000 barrels per hour depending on the product. Our NGL import volumes for the last three years were minimal.
EHT also provides terminaling services involving crude oil, propylene and refined products. EHT’s assets and activities associated with crude oil terminaling and storage are a component of our Crude Oil Pipelines & Services business segment. EHT’s activities involving propylene and refined products are a component of our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• Our most widely distributed ad-supported cable network in the U.S., Food Network had approximately 82 million subscribers in the U.S. and approximately 112 million subscribers and viewers in international markets as of December 31, 2021. 
• Food Network programming content attracts audiences interested in food-related entertainment, including competition and travel, as well as food-related topics such as recipes, food preparation, entertaining, and dining out. 
• In the U.S., Food Network audiences can enjoy their favorite programming anytime, anywhere through the Discovery GO app, which features live and on-demand access, as well as on the Food Network Kitchen app.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost and depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets with the expense recorded in cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses depending on the nature of the long-lived assets. Machinery and equipment are depreciated over periods ranging from 3 to 20 years and buildings and building improvements over periods up to 40 years. 
We review long-lived assets, including definite-life intangible assets, for realizability on an ongoing basis. Changes in depreciation, generally accelerated depreciation, are determined and recorded when estimates of the remaining useful lives or residual values of long-term assets change. We amortize definite-life intangible assets over their estimated useful lives and evaluate them for impairment as we do other long-lived assets. We review for impairment when conditions exist that indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. In those circumstances, we perform undiscounted operating cash flow analyses for asset and liability groups at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable to determine if an impairment exists. Any impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its estimated fair value. Fair value is estimated based on 
We determine whether a contract is or contains a lease at contract inception. For short-term operating leases with terms of 12 months or less, we do not recognize right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and lease liabilities. ROU assets are recognized at commencement date at the value of the lease liability, adjusted for any prepayments, lease incentives received and initial direct costs incurred. Lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. The non-recurring fair value measurement is classified as Level 3 as no fair value inputs are observable. As the implicit interest rate in the lease is not readily determinable, we use our country-specific incremental borrowing rate to discount the lease liabilities.
