ALLSTATE CORP report:
Packaged insurance product with one premium, one bill, one policy deductible and one renewal date. Broad coverage options include customizable features such as enhanced accident forgiveness, new-car replacement coverage, walk-away home coverage option should the insured decide not to rebuild, flexible additional living expense coverage, water-sewer backup coverage options and roadside assistance. This product is offered in 36 states and the District of Columbia (“D.C.”) as of December 31, 2019. 
Offers auto (6-months), homeowner and specialty lines products, pricing, services and support designed to provide flexibility and be customized based on consumer needs. Offered exclusively in four states for Encompass as of December 31, 2019. 
Telematics-based program, available in 50 states and the District of Columbia as of December 31, 2019, that uses a mobile application or an in-car device to capture driving behaviors and encourage safe driving. It provides customers with information and tools, incentives and driving challenges. For example, in most states, Allstate Rewards ® provides reward points for safe driving.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Under the quantitative assessment, the fair value of the reporting unit is calculated using a market approach and a discounted cash flow method, as a form of the income approach. The market approach includes the use of comparative multiples to complement discounted cash flow results. The discounted cash flow method is based on the present value of two components-projected cash flows and a terminal value. The terminal value represents the expected normalized future cash flows of the reporting unit beyond the cash flows from the discrete projection period. The fair value of the reporting unit is calculated based on the sum of the present value of the cash flows from the discrete period and the present value of the terminal value. The discount rate represented our estimate of the WACC, or expected return, that a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date. The application of our goodwill impairment test required key assumptions underlying our valuation model. 
The discounted cash flow analysis factored in assumptions on discount rates and terminal growth rates to reflect risk profiles of key strategic revenue and cost initiatives, as well as revenue and EBITDA growth relative to history and market trends and expectations. The market multiples approach incorporated significant judgment involved in the selection of comparable public company multiples and benchmarks. The selection of companies and multiples was influenced by differences in growth and profitability, and volatility in market prices of peer companies. These valuation inputs are inherently judgmental, and an adverse change in one or a combination of these inputs could trigger a goodwill impairment loss in the future. 
During the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment for our Consumer reporting unit. Our qualitative assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our Consumer reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third-party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason.
