ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Environmental Remediation Activities. The Partnership’s accrual for environmental remediation activities reflects anticipated work at identified sites where an assessment has indicated that cleanup costs are probable and reasonably estimable. The accrual for known claims is undiscounted and is based on currently available information, estimated timing of remedial actions and related inflation assumptions, existing technology and presently enacted laws and regulations. It is often extremely difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs due to changing regulations, changing technologies and their associated costs, and changes in the economic environment. Engineering studies, historical experience and other factors are used to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated accruals for environmental remediation activities. 
Losses attributable to unasserted claims are generally reflected in the accruals on an undiscounted basis, to the extent they are probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. We have established a wholly-owned captive insurance company to bear certain risks associated with environmental obligations related to certain sites that are no longer operating. The premiums paid to the captive insurance company include estimates for environmental claims that have been incurred but not reported, based on an actuarially determined fully developed claims expense estimate. In such cases, we accrue losses attributable to unasserted claims based on the discounted estimates that are used to develop the premiums paid to the captive insurance company. 
In general, each remediation site/issue is evaluated individually based upon information available for the site/issue and no pooling or statistical analysis is used to evaluate an aggregate risk for a group of similar items (e.g., service station sites) in determining the amount of probable loss accrual to be recorded. The Partnership’s estimates of environmental remediation costs also frequently involve evaluation of a range of estimates. In many cases, it is difficult to determine that one point in the range of loss estimates is more likely than any other. In these situations, existing accounting guidance requires that the minimum of the range be accrued. Accordingly, the low end of the range often represents the amount of loss which has been recorded. The Partnership’s consolidated balance sheet reflected $282 million and $293 million in environmental accruals as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis are non-GAAP financial measures. We use these measures as they provide improved year-over-year comparability of our underlying results (see the definition of Adjusted EPS and our reconciliation with diluted EPS within Non-GAAP Financial Measures appearing later in this section). 
We seek to achieve profitable, long-term growth and manage our business to attain this goal using our key operating metrics: Organic Net Revenue, Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted EPS. We use these non-GAAP financial metrics and related computations, particularly growth in profit dollars, to evaluate and manage our business and to plan and make near-and long-term operating and strategic decisions. As such, we believe these metrics are useful to investors as they provide supplemental information in addition to our U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“U.S. GAAP”) financial results. We believe it is useful to provide investors with the same financial information that we use internally to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and evaluate our business. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures should always be considered in relation to our GAAP results. We have provided reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures in Non-GAAP Financial Measures, which appears later in this section. 
COVID-19 – We continue to monitor and respond to the COVID-19 outbreak. While its full impact is not yet known, it has had a material negative effect on economic conditions globally and could have a material negative effect on our business and results in the future, particularly if there are significant adverse changes to consumer demand or significant disruptions to the supply, production or distribution of our products or the credit or financial stability of our customers and other business partners. An economic or credit crisis could occur and impair credit availability and our ability to raise capital when needed. A disruption in the financial markets may also have a negative effect on our derivative counterparties and could also impair our banking or other business partners, on whom we rely for access to capital and as counterparties for a number of our derivative contracts. Any of these and other developments could materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We will continue to prioritize the safety of our employees and consumers. As we manage operations during the pandemic, we may continue to incur increased labor, customer service, logistics and other costs. As consumer demand for our products evolves, we could see continued shifts in product mix that could have a negative impact on our results. As discussed in Recent Developments and Significant Items Affecting Comparability , we are working to mitigate any negative impacts to our business from the COVID-19 outbreak, but we may not be able to fully predict or respond to all impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- and long-term adverse impacts to our results.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In addition to our solution specific service offerings, we have specialized solutions that work across all offerings to support the capabilities our customers’ business needs. These additional service offerings include: 
Customer Data Cloud. At Dreamforce 2022, we announced the Genie Customer Data Cloud (“Genie”), a hyperscale real-time data platform that powers the entire Salesforce Customer 360 platform. With Genie, companies can power seamless, highly personalized experiences across sales, service, marketing and commerce that continuously adapt to changing customer information and needs in real time. Genie ingests and stores real-time data streams at scale and combines it with Salesforce transactional data and includes built-in connectors that bring in data from every channel, legacy data through MuleSoft, and historical data from proprietary data lakes. With Tableau for Genie, customers in every business can visualize, automate, explore and act on data in real time. 
Industry Verticals. Our industry vertical service offerings are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. They include out-of-the-box capabilities that provide the speed and flexibility to keep up with changing times and customer demands, accelerating time to value.
