SALESFORCE INC report:
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs. 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2019  and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions ): 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2018  and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions ):

BOEING CO report:
We provide various forms of share-based compensation to our employees. For awards settled in shares, we measure compensation expense based on the grant-date fair value net of estimated forfeitures. For awards settled in cash, or that may be settled in cash, we measure compensation expense based on the fair value at each reporting date net of estimated forfeitures. The expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award. 
Provisions for U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. income taxes are calculated on reported Loss before income taxes based on current tax law and also include, in the current period, the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those used previously in determining deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such provisions differ from the amounts currently receivable or payable because certain items of income and expense are recognized in different time periods for financial reporting purposes than for income tax purposes. Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and evaluating tax positions. 
The accounting for uncertainty in income taxes requires a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We record a liability for the difference between the benefit recognized and measured for financial statement purposes and the tax position taken or expected to be taken on our tax return. To the extent that our assessment of such tax positions changes, the change in estimate is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. Tax-related interest and penalties are classified as a component of Income tax benefit.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
To compensate for the shrinking market for traditional copper-based products, we continue to build fiber-based networks supporting data, video and advanced business services - areas where demand for reliable high-speed connections is growing. We are evolving the architecture of our networks to a next-generation multi-use platform, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support both our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We call this the Intelligent Edge Network. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost efficient manner. 
In September 2020, Cellco Partnership (Cellco), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Verizon, filed an application to participate in FCC Auction 107, which relates to mid-band wireless spectrum known as C-Band. The auction commenced on December 8, 2020. On February 24, 2021, the FCC issued a final notice announcing the conclusion and results of the auction. In its final notice, the FCC announced that Cellco was the winning bidder with respect to approximately $45.5 billion of licenses. Down payments, in the amount of 20% of the cost of the spectrum licenses less the amount of the upfront payment made by bidders in October 2020, with respect to the auction are due on March 10, 2021, and final payments in the amount of 80% of the cost of the spectrum licenses are due on March 24, 2021. In accordance with the rules applicable to the auction, licensees also must pay their allocable shares of an estimated $13.1 billion in associated clearing and incentive costs at the times contemplated by the auction rules. 
In this section, we discuss our overall results of operations and highlight special items that are not included in our segment results. Our revenues and expenses in 2020 were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic as a result of the actions we took to care for our employees and keep our customers connected and as a result of our customers’ changing activities, restrictions on activities and the global economic slowdown. See "Overview" for more information. In "Segment Results of Operations," we review the performance of our two reportable segments in more detail. A detailed discussion of 2018 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019.
