BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions which are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars and barges. These guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. These leases expire at various dates from 2019 through 2024 . At December 31, 2018 , our recorded obligation related to these guarantees was $1 million . 
 We have provided a Guaranty to the Director of the Illinois Department of Agriculture as Trustee for Bunge North America, Inc. ("BNA"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by BNA, to grain producers and/or depositors in the State of Illinois who have delivered commodities to BNA's Illinois facilities. 
In addition, we have provided full and unconditional parent level guarantees of the outstanding indebtedness under certain credit facilities entered into and senior notes issued by, our subsidiaries. At December 31, 2018 , our consolidated balance sheet includes debt with a carrying amount of $5,011 million  related to these guarantees. This debt includes the senior notes issued by two of our 100% owned finance subsidiaries, Bunge Limited Finance Corp. and Bunge Finance Europe B.V. There are largely no restrictions on the ability of Bunge Limited Finance Corp. and Bunge Finance Europe B.V. or any other Bunge subsidiary to transfer funds to Bunge Limited.

BOEING CO report:
Our cash flow hedges include foreign currency forward contracts, commodity swaps and commodity purchase contracts. We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage currency risk associated with certain transactions, specifically forecasted sales and purchases made in foreign currencies. Our foreign currency contracts hedge forecasted transactions through 2025 . We use commodity derivatives, such as fixed-price purchase commitments and swaps to hedge against potentially unfavorable price changes for items used in production. Our commodity contracts hedge forecasted transactions through 2023 . 
Interest rate swaps under which we agree to pay variable rates of interest are designated as fair value hedges of fixed-rate debt. The net change in fair value of the derivatives and the hedged items is reported in Boeing Capital interest expense. As of December 31, 2019 , there are no fair value hedges reported on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
We have entered into agreements to purchase and sell aluminum to address long-term strategic sourcing objectives and non-U.S. business requirements. These agreements are derivative instruments for accounting purposes. The quantities of aluminum in these agreements offset and are priced at prevailing market prices. We also hold certain foreign currency forward contracts which do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
ABS in an unrealized loss position were evaluated based on actual and projected collateral losses relative to the securities’ positions in the respective securitization trusts, security specific expectations of cash flows, and credit ratings. This evaluation also takes into consideration credit enhancement, measured in terms of (i) subordination from other classes of securities in the trust that are contractually obligated to absorb losses before the class of security the Company owns, and (ii) the expected impact of other structural features embedded in the securitization trust beneficial to the class of securities the Company owns, such as overcollateralization and excess spread. Municipal bonds in an unrealized loss position were evaluated based on the underlying credit quality of the primary obligor, obligation type and quality of the underlying assets. 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not made the decision to sell and it is not more likely than not the Company will be required to sell fixed income securities with unrealized losses before recovery of the amortized cost basis. 
Loans The Company establishes a credit loss allowance for mortgage loans and bank loans when they are originated or purchased, and for unfunded commitments unless they are unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The Company uses a probability of default and loss given default model for mortgage loans and bank loans to estimate current expected credit losses that considers all relevant information available including past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts over the life of an asset. The Company also considers such factors as historical losses, expected prepayments and various economic factors. For mortgage loans the Company considers origination vintage year and property level information such as debt service coverage, property type, property location and collateral value. For bank loans the Company considers the credit rating of the borrower, credit spreads and type of loan. After the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company’s model reverts to historical loss trends.
