BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, where you may obtain a copy of all information we file publicly with the SEC. The SEC website address is www.sec.gov. 
Gregory Heckman, 59 -Mr. Heckman has served as Chief Executive Officer since January 2019 and as a member of our Board of Directors since October 2018. Mr. Heckman is the founding partner of Flatwater Partners, a private investment firm, and has over 30 years of experience in the agriculture, energy and food processing industries. He served as Chief Executive Officer of The Gavilon Group from 2008 to 2015. Prior to Gavilon, he served as Chief Operating Officer of ConAgra Foods Commercial Products and President and Chief Operating Officer of ConAgra Trade Group. Mr. Heckman serves as a non-executive director on the board of OCI N.V., a global producer of fertilizer and chemicals. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Agricultural Economics and Marketing from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. 
Deborah Borg, 45 -Ms. Borg has served as Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer since January 2016. Prior to joining Bunge in November 2015, she was President Dow USA at Dow Chemical, a role in which she was responsible for regional business strategy and external relationships with customers, government organizations and joint venture partners. She started her career at Dow in 2000 as Human Resources Manager for Australia / New Zealand and went on to hold regional and business HR roles in Asia, Europe and North America. She also served as Global HR Director, Marketing and Sales, and led the Human Capital Planning and Development function for Dow, focusing on talent acquisition, retention, diversity and development. Previously, Ms. Borg served in HR and talent development roles with General Motors Australia. Ms. Borg serves on the Board of Directors of Schweitzer-Mauduit International, Inc., a leading global performance materials company. She holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Management in Human Resources and a master’s degree in Training and Change Management from Victoria University, Australia.

BOEING CO report:
We have entered into various industrial participation agreements with certain customers outside of the U.S. to facilitate economic flow back and/or technology or skills transfer to their businesses or government agencies as the result of their procurement of goods and/or services from us. These commitments may be satisfied by our local operations there, placement of direct work or vendor orders for supplies, opportunities to bid on supply contracts, transfer of technology or other forms of assistance. However, in certain cases, our commitments may be satisfied through other parties (such as our vendors) who purchase supplies from our non-U.S. customers. In certain cases, penalties could be imposed if we do not meet our industrial participation commitments. During 2022, we incurred no such penalties. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding industrial participation agreements 
totaling $24.8 billion that extend through 2034. Purchase order commitments associated with industrial participation agreements are included in purchase obligations. To be eligible for such a purchase order commitment from us, a non-U.S. supplier must have sufficient capability to meet our requirements and must be competitive in cost, quality and schedule. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements including certain guarantees. For discussion of these arrangements, see Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The increase  in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase of $156 million  in employee-related costs, an increase  of $31 million  in stock-based expenses, an increase of $326 million  in service delivery costs, primarily due to our efforts to increase data center capacity, an increase  of amortization of purchased intangible assets of $49 million  and an increase of $26 million  in allocated overhead. We have increased our headcount by 16 percent  since January 31, 2018  to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, of which a component was also due to the acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2018. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. The timing of these expenses will affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in future periods. 
The cost of professional services and other revenues was $847 million  during fiscal 2019  resulting in positive  gross margin of $22 million . The cost of professional services and other revenues was $740 million  during fiscal 2018  resulting in positive  gross margins of $34 million . We expect the cost of professional services to be approximately in line with revenues from professional services in future fiscal quarters. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. 
The increase  in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase of approximately $216 million  in employee-related costs, an increase  of $47 million  in stock-based expenses, an increase in our development and test data center costs and allocated overhead. We increased our research and development headcount by 19 percent  since January 31, 2018  in order to improve and extend our service offerings, develop new technologies, and integrate acquired companies, including our acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2018. Additionally, a component of our increased headcount was also due to the acquisition of MuleSoft. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies.
