ALLSTATE CORP report:
Indemnification Programs We are a participant in state-based industry pools, facilities or associations, mandating participation by insurers offering certain coverage in their state, including the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association (“MCCA”), the New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association, the North Carolina Reinsurance Facility and the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund. We also participate in the Federal Government National Flood Insurance Program. 
• On August 6, 2020, member companies of the MCCA were notified of the ratification of amendments to the MCCA’s Plan of Operation. The amendments were designed to align the Plan of Operation with Public Acts 21 and 22, which passed in 2019. 
• On July 2, 2021, legislation passed in 2019 became effective, setting fee schedules for personal injury protection claims. Such fee schedules were set at 200% of Medicare rates in 2021, declining to 195% in 2022 and 190% in 2023, for any providers other than certain unique categories of providers and applying to treatment on existing and new claims.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Wireless Service Plan Receivables Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 472   $ 156   Opening balance sheet adjustment related to Topic 326 adoption 265   —   Adjusted opening balance, January 1, 2020 737   156   Current period provision for expected credit losses 780   340   Write-offs charged against the allowance ( 621 ) ( 303 ) Recoveries collected 44   69   Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 940   $ 262   
We monitor delinquency and write-off experience based on the quality of our device payment plan agreement and wireless service receivables portfolios. The extent of our collection efforts with respect to a particular customer are based on the results of our proprietary custom internal scoring models that analyze the customer’s past performance to predict the likelihood of the customer falling further delinquent. These custom scoring models assess a number of variables, including origination characteristics, customer account history and payment patterns. Since our customers’ behaviors may be impacted by general economic conditions, we analyzed whether changes in macroeconomic conditions impact our credit loss experience and have concluded that our credit loss estimates are generally not materially impacted by reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. Based on the score derived from these models, accounts are grouped by risk category to determine the collection strategy to be applied to such accounts. For device payment plan agreement receivables, we consider an account to be delinquent and in default status if there are unpaid charges remaining on the account on the day after the bill’s due date. For wireless service receivables, an account is considered delinquent 34 days after the bill cycle date. The risk class determines the speed and severity of the collections effort including initiatives taken to facilitate customer payment. 
As of December 31, 2020, our allowance for credit losses considered the current and potential future impacts caused by the COVID-19 pandemic based on available information to date. The impacts also include the Company's commitment to the FCC's "Keep Americans Connected" pledge, through which we pledged to waive late fees for, and not terminate service to, any of our consumer or small business customers who informed us that they had been impacted financially by the COVID-19 pandemic through May 13, which we extended to June 30, 2020. Starting July 1, customers who had notified us that they had been financially impacted by the pandemic and had an unpaid balance were automatically enrolled in our "Stay Connected" repayment program, which allows customers to pay off their service balance over six months and extends any unpaid device payment plan agreements by the number of months unpaid.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is or may be involved in various legal or regulatory proceedings, claims or purported class actions related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage and hour and other claims. The Company has been, and may in the future be put on notice or sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, including patent infringement. 
In general, the resolution of a legal matter could prevent the Company from offering its service to others, could be material to the Company’s financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect the Company’s operating results. 
The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. At this time, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the amount
