WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Costs of produced and coproduced content consist of development costs, acquired production costs, direct production costs, certain production overhead costs and participation costs. The Company’s coproduction arrangements generally provide for the sharing of production costs. The Company records its costs but does not record the costs borne by the other party as the Company does not share any associated economics of exploitation. 
Licensed content is comprised of films or series that have been previously produced by third parties and the Company retains limited airing rights over a contractual term. Program licenses typically have fixed terms and require payments during the term of the license. The cost of licensed content is capitalized when the cost is known or reasonably determinable, the license period for the programs has commenced, the program materials have been accepted by the Company in accordance with the license agreements, and the programs are available for the first showing. The Company pays in advance of delivery for television series, specials, films and sports rights. Payments made in advance of when the right to air the content is received are recognized as prepaid licensed content. Participation costs are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs. Content distribution, advertising, marketing, general and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. 
Linear content amortization expense for each period is recognized based on the revenue forecast model, which approximates the proportion that estimated distribution and advertising revenues for the current period represent in relation to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues. Digital content amortization for each period is recognized based on estimated viewing patterns as there are no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets and therefore, number of views is most representative of the use of the title. Judgment is required to determine the useful lives and amortization patterns of the Company’s content assets.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In markets served by our crude oil and refined products pipelines, we face competition from other pipelines as well as rail and truck transportation. Generally, pipelines are the safest, lowest cost method for long-haul, overland movement of products and crude oil. Therefore, the most significant competitors for large volume shipments in the areas served by our pipelines are other pipelines. In addition, pipeline operations face competition from rail and trucks that deliver products in a number of areas that our pipeline operations serve. While their costs may not be competitive for longer hauls or large volume shipments, rail and trucks compete effectively for incremental and marginal volume in many areas served by our pipelines. 
With respect to competition from other pipelines, the primary competitive factors consist of transportation charges, access to crude oil supply and market demand. Competitive factors in crude oil purchasing and marketing include price and contract flexibility, quantity and quality of services, and accessibility to end markets. 
Our refined product terminals compete with other independent terminals with respect to price, versatility and services provided. The competition primarily comes from integrated petroleum companies, refining and marketing companies, independent terminal companies and distribution companies with marketing and trading operations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income decreased $154 million ( 27.3% ), primarily due to lapping last year's benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian indirect tax matter of $153 million, higher raw material costs, unfavorable currency, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of the benefit from a VAT-related settlement in 2018), unfavorable volume/mix and a loss from the remeasurement of the net monetary position in Argentina. These unfavorable items were partially offset by higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs, the 2018 benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian tax matter of $26 million, lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and the lapping of the 2017 intangible asset impairment charges. 
Net revenues increased $174 million ( 5.1% ), due to higher net pricing (7.7 pp) and favorable currency (1.9 pp), partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix (4.2 pp) and the impact of a divestiture (0.3 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. Favorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of several currencies in the region relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the Brazilian real, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Argentinean peso and Mexican peso. Unfavorable volume/mix, which occurred across most of the region, was largely due to the impact of pricing-related elasticity. In addition, only a portion of the shipments delayed at the end of the second quarter due to the malware incident was recovered. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in all categories except chocolate and candy. On December 1, 2016, we sold a small confectionery business in Costa Rica. 
Segment operating income increased $292 million ( 107.4% ), primarily due to higher net pricing, the benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian indirect tax matter of $153 million, lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, favorable currency and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, unfavorable volume/mix and higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of prior-year VAT-related settlements).
