ALLSTATE CORP report:
Prior year reserve reestimates included in catastrophe losses totaled $25 million  unfavorable, $18 million  favorable and $6 million  unfavorable in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. 
Net investment income  decreased 0.9% or $14 million to $1.46 billion  in 2018  from $1.48 billion  in 2017  after increasing 18.0% in 2017  compared to 2016 . The 2018 decrease was primarily due to lower performance-based investment results, primarily from limited partnerships, partially offset by higher market-based portfolio income. The 2017 increase benefited from strong performance-based results, primarily from limited partnerships, an increase in invested assets and stable market-based yields, partially offset by higher employee-related expenses. Limited partnership income includes asset appreciation and sales of underlying investments. 
Due to the adoption of the recognition and measurement accounting standard, limited partnerships previously reported using the cost method are now reported at fair value   with changes in fair value recognized in net investment income .

SALESFORCE INC report:
Encouraging the development of third-party applications on our cloud computing platform.  The Lightning Platform enables customers, ISVs and third-party developers to create and deliver cloud-based apps. It is a platform on which apps can be created, tested, published and run. In addition, these apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange or sold directly by software vendors. We believe our ecosystem of developers and software vendors will help address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
In addition to the key elements of our growth strategy described above, from time to time, we evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights. These evaluations resulted in our acquisition of several companies in fiscal 2019, including MuleSoft, Inc. ("MuleSoft") and Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama") which expanded our integration and marketing capabilities. 
We deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable, cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. We also offer integration capabilities in the cloud, as well as on-premises, to provide our customers more options to integrate their data. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality.

BOEING CO report:
While our principal operations are in the United States, Canada and Australia, some key suppliers and subcontractors are located in Europe and Japan. Revenues, including foreign military sales, are reported by customer location and consisted of the following: 
Revenues from the U.S. government (including foreign military sales through the U.S. government), primarily recorded at BDS and BGS, represented 40 %, 49 % and 51 % of consolidated revenues for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Approximately 4 % of operating assets were located outside the United States as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
The following tables present BCA, BDS and BGS revenues from contracts with customers disaggregated in a number of ways, such as geographic location, contract type and the method of revenue recognition. We believe these best depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors.
