BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
As a Bermuda exempted company, we are not subject to income taxes on income in our jurisdiction of incorporation. However, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 35%. The jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are Brazil, the United States, Argentina and Bermuda. Determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events. 
Total segment earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT") is an operating performance measure used by Bunge's management to evaluate segment operating activities. Bunge's management believes total segment EBIT is a useful measure of operating profitability, since the measure allows for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to its financing methods or capital structure. In addition, EBIT is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in Bunge's industries. Total Segment EBIT is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure and is not intended to replace net income attributable to Bunge, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure. 
For the year ended December 31, 2019, net income attributable to Bunge decreased by $1,547 million to a loss of $1,280 million from income of $267 million in 2018 . This decrease resulted from lower segment EBIT from our reportable segments of $1,721 million , predominantly in Sugar and Bioenergy, where we recorded charges of $1,673 million associated with the sale of our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, in Edible Oils Products, due to a $108 million goodwill impairment charge, and in Agribusiness, primarily from lower results in our oilseed processing, grain origination, and grain trading and distribution businesses.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Purchase orders are not included in the table above. Our purchase orders represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. The contractual commitment amounts in the table above are associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum services to be used; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in the table above. 
During fiscal 2020 and in future fiscal years, we have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. Additionally, we expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars and remain consistent as a percentage of total revenues in future periods as a result of such investments and continued office build-outs, other leasehold improvements and data center investments. 
In November 2019, we entered into an agreement to purchase two real estate assets in San Francisco, California for approximately $150 million. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, subject to customary closing conditions.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
​ 
Equities that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per month, with a required 7 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Fixed income securities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly, with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.
Absolute return funds and commodities are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Investments in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 90 days . For approximately $ 235 million and $ 100 million of the absolute return funds, redemptions are subject to a 33 percent gate and a 25 percent gate, respectively, and $ 45 million is subject to a lock until 2022. For commodities, investments in the private energy funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2020 to 2022. Abbott’s unfunded commitments in these funds as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 were not significant. Investments in the private funds (excluding private energy funds) cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2020 to 2029. Abbott’s unfunded commitment in these funds was $ 571 million and $ 518 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
