WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As of December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , the Company had accrued approximately $ 58 million , $ 51 million and $ 21 million , respectively, of total interest and penalties payable related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 
In calculating earnings per share, the Company follows the two-class method, which distinguishes between classes of securities based on the proportionate participation rights of each security type in the Company's undistributed income. The Company's Series A, B and C common stock is treated as one class and the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is treated as a separate class for purposes of applying the two-class method. The Company's Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is an in-substance common stock equivalent as it has substantially equal rights and shares equally on an as-converted basis with respect to income available to Discovery, Inc. The Company's Series A-1 convertible preferred stock is also a separate class but is not considered a common stock equivalent and therefore is not presented separately in the calculation of earnings per share. Series A-1 convertible preferred stock is currently convertible into 9 shares of our Series A common stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is convertible into 19.3648 shares of our Series C common stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. During the year ended December 31, 2019 , Advance Newhouse Programming Partnership converted 1.1 million of its Series C-1 convertible preferred stock into 22.0 million shares of Series C common stock. 
Net income allocated to Discovery, Inc. Series C-1 convertible preferred stockholders for diluted net income per share is included in net income allocated to Discovery, Inc. Series A, B and C common stockholders for diluted net income per share. The weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding adjusts the weighted average number of shares of Series A, B and C common stock outstanding for the potential dilution that would occur if common stock equivalents, including convertible preferred stock and share-based awards, were converted into common stock or exercised, calculated using the treasury stock method. The computation of the diluted earnings per share of Series A, B and C common stockholders assumes the conversion of Series A-1 and C-1 convertible preferred stock, while the diluted earnings per share amounts of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock does not assume conversion of those shares.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Under the terms of the new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, EPO may borrow up to $2.0 billion (which may be increased by up to $200 million to $2.2 billion at EPO’s election, provided certain conditions are met) at a variable interest rate for a term of up to 364 days, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. To the extent that principal amounts are outstanding at the maturity date, EPO may elect to have the entire principal balance then outstanding continued as a non-revolving term loan for a period of one additional year, payable in September 2020. Borrowings under this revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general company purposes. 
The new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants (affirmative and negative) and events of default, the occurrence of which would permit the lenders to accelerate the maturity date of any amounts borrowed under this credit agreement. The credit agreement also restricts EPO’s ability to pay cash distributions to its parent, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., if an event of default (as defined in the credit agreement) has occurred and is continuing at the time such distribution is scheduled to be paid or would result therefrom. 
In June 2018, EPO increased the aggregate principal amount of short-term notes that it could issue (and have outstanding at any time) under its commercial paper program from $2.5 billion to $3.0 billion. The commercial paper program enables us to access typically lower short-term interest rates, which allows us to manage working capital and our overall cost of capital. As a back-stop to the commercial paper program, we intend to maintain a minimum available borrowing capacity under EPO’s Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility equal to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of EPO’s commercial paper notes. All commercial paper notes issued under the program are senior unsecured obligations of EPO that are unconditionally guaranteed by Enterprise Products Partners L.P. At December 31, 2018, we had no commercial paper notes outstanding.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The discount rate is established by using a hypothetical portfolio of high-quality debt instruments that would provide the necessary cash flows to pay the benefits when due. Net periodic benefit cost and benefit obligation increases and equity correspondingly decreases as the discount rate is reduced. 
The expected rate of return on plan assets is based on long-term expectations given current investment objectives and historical results. Net periodic benefit cost increases as the expected rate of return on plan assets is correspondingly reduced. 
Legal Matters.   We are subject to litigation and regulatory proceedings as a result of our business operations and transactions. We utilize both internal and external counsel in evaluating our potential exposure to adverse outcomes from claims, orders, judgments or settlements. To the extent that actual outcomes differ from our estimates, or additional facts and circumstances cause us to revise our estimates, our earnings will be affected. We expense legal costs as incurred, and all recorded legal liabilities are revised as required as better information becomes available to us. The factors we consider when recording an accrual for contingencies include, among others: (i) the opinions and views of our legal counsel; (ii) our previous experience; and (iii) the decision of our management as to how we intend to respond to the complaints.
