ALLSTATE CORP report:
We are aligning agent compensation to emphasize growth, improve customer service and lower costs. Agent compensation in 2023 will increase the emphasis on bundling multiple lines of business when acquiring new customers. Additionally, new business written by exclusive agents in 2023 will renew at a lower base commission rate with variable compensation available based on bundling. 
When an Allstate product is not available, agents have the ability to earn commissions and additional bonuses on non-proprietary products provided to customers through Ivantage, a leading provider of property and casualty brokerage services, and arrangements with other companies, agencies, and brokers. As of December 31, 2022, Ivantage had $1.99 billion non-proprietary premiums under management, consisting of approximately $1.77 billion of 
Additionally, we offer a homeowners product through our excess and surplus lines carrier, North Light Specialty Insurance Company, in certain areas with higher risk of catastrophes or where customers do not meet the Allstate brand standard underwriting profile.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In Asia, we offer a range of consumer and B2B products. In India, our consumer brands include Dalda , Ginni  and Chambal  in edible oils; Dalda  and Gagan  in vanaspati; and Masterline  in professional bakery fats. In China, we offer consumer edible oil products under the Dou Wei Jia brand. The Bunge Loders Croklaan product line also includes bakery, culinary, confectionary and infant nutrition product offerings. 
Customers —Our customers include baked goods companies, snack food producers, confectioners, restaurant chains, foodservice operators, infant nutrition companies and other food manufacturers who use vegetable oils and shortenings as ingredients in their operations, as well as grocery chains, wholesalers, distributors and other retailers who sell to consumers under our brand names or under private labels. These customers include global and national food processors and manufacturers, many of which are leading brand owners in their product categories. 
Competition —Competition is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capabilities and cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, innovation, technical support, new product introductions, composition and nutritional value and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised, well-

BOEING CO report:
At BGS, we are seeing a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights and more aircraft retirements result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings. Additionally, our commercial customers are curtailing discretionary spending, such as modifications and upgrades and focusing on required maintenance. Similar to BCA, we expect a multi-year recovery period for the commercial services business. The demand outlook for our government services business, which in 2019 accounted for just under half of BGS revenue, remains stable. 
At BDS, we continue to see a healthy market with solid demand for our major platforms and programs both domestically and internationally. However, we experienced near-term production impacts associated with our temporary suspension of operations at various locations in 2020 . 
In March and April of 2020, as a result of COVID-19, we temporarily suspended operations at multiple locations including the Puget Sound area, South Carolina and Philadelphia. Operations in Puget Sound and Philadelphia resumed during the week of April 20, while operations in South Carolina resumed beginning on May 3. We have implemented procedures to promote employee safety in our facilities, including more frequent and enhanced cleaning and adjusted schedules and work flows to support physical distancing. These actions have resulted, and will continue to result, in increased operating costs. In addition, a number of our suppliers have suspended or otherwise reduced their operations, and we are experiencing some supply chain shortages. Our suppliers are also experiencing liquidity pressures and disruptions to their operations as a result of COVID-19. We also continue to have large numbers of employees working from home. These measures and disruptions have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in 2020. We expect further adverse impacts in future quarters.
