ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $24 million in 2020 and $39 million in 2018. The 2020 tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to Abbott’s developed markets branded generic pharmaceuticals business which was sold to Mylan Inc. (Mylan) in 2015. The tax positions relate to years prior to the sale to Mylan. The 2018 tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to the operations of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) for years prior to the separation. Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie, which was formed to hold Abbott’s research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business, in January 2013. Abbott retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation.
In the Established Pharmaceuticals segment, the development process focuses on the geographic expansion and continuous improvement of the segment’s existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers. As Established Pharmaceuticals does not actively pursue primary research, development usually begins with work on existing products or after the acquisition of an advanced stage licensing opportunity.
The specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. The process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as China.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
The applicable margin for advances bearing interest based on LIBOR is a percentage determined by quotations from Markit Group Ltd. for our one-year credit default swap spread, subject to a minimum rate of 0.10 % and a maximum rate of 0.75 % per annum. The rate is interpolated for a period of time from the date of determination of such credit default swap spread in connection with a new interest period until the latest maturity date of the facility then in effect (but not less than a period of one year). 
The applicable margin for advances bearing interest based on the prime rate is 1.00 % below the applicable margin for LIBOR advances (but not lower than 0 %). We are also able to request advances under these facilities based on competitive bids for the applicable interest rate. There were no amounts outstanding under these facilities as of December 31, 2020. 
Our existing debt instruments and credit facilities subject us to certain financial covenants. As of December 31, 2020 and for all prior periods presented, we have satisfied these financial covenants. These covenants limit the amount of secured indebtedness that we may incur, and limit the amount of attributable debt in sale-leaseback transactions, to 10 % of net tangible assets. As of December 31, 2020, 10 % of net tangible assets is equivalent to $ 4.0 billion; however, we have no covered sale-leaseback transactions or secured indebtedness outstanding. We do not expect these covenants to have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Restructuring, related to the January 2023 Plan, consist primarily of charges related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and share-based compensation as well as exit charges associated with office space reductions. The actions associated with the employee restructuring under the Plan are expected to be substantially complete by the end of our fiscal 2024, subject to local law and consultation requirements. The actions associated with the real estate restructuring under the Plan are expected to be fully complete in fiscal 2026. Restructuring excludes allocated overhead. 
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity.
