ALLSTATE CORP report:
The costs assigned to the right to receive future cash flows from certain business purchased from other insurers are also classified as DAC in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The costs capitalized represent the present value of future profits expected to be earned over the lives of the contracts acquired. These costs are amortized as profits emerge over the lives of the acquired business and are periodically evaluated for recoverability. The present value of future profits was $45 million  and $47 million  as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively. 
Reinsurance     In the normal course of business, the Company seeks to limit aggregate and single exposure to losses on large risks by purchasing reinsurance. The Company has also used reinsurance to effect the disposition of certain blocks of business. Reinsurance does not extinguish the Company’s primary liability under the policies written. Therefore, the Company regularly evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers, including their activities with respect to claim settlement practices and commutations, and establishes allowances for uncollectible reinsurance as appropriate. 
Indemnification     The Company also participates in various indemnification mechanisms, including industry pools and facilities, which are backed by the financial resources of the property and casualty insurance company market participants. Indemnification recoverables are considered collectible based on the industry pool and facility enabling legislation.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue recognized over time primarily includes Cloud Services subscription and support revenue, which is generally recognized ratably over time, and professional services and other revenue, which is generally recognized ratably or as delivered. 
Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation is based on SSP. Remaining performance obligation is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of software license deliveries, average contract terms and foreign currency exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is subject to future economic risks, including bankruptcies, regulatory changes and other market factors. 
Remaining performance obligation consisted of the following (in billions):

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Commingled funds not traded on national exchanges are priced by the custodian or fund's administrator at their net asset value (NAV). Commingled funds held by third-party custodians appointed by the fund managers provide the fund managers with a NAV. The fund managers have the responsibility for providing this information to the custodian of the respective plan. 
The investment manager of the entity values venture capital, corporate finance and natural resource limited partnership investments. Real estate investments are valued at amounts based upon appraisal reports prepared by either independent real estate appraisers or the investment manager using discounted cash flows or market comparable data. Loans secured by mortgages are carried at the lesser of the unpaid balance or appraised value of the underlying properties. The values assigned to these investments are based upon available and current market information and do not necessarily represent amounts that might ultimately be realized. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, estimated fair values might differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the securities existed. These differences could be material. 
Forward currency contracts, futures, and options are valued by the trustee at the exchange rates and market prices prevailing on the last business day of the year. Both exchange rates and market prices are readily available from published sources. These securities are classified by the asset class of the underlying holdings.
