BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Merchandising, Net sales increased $6,464 million primarily due to significantly higher average sales prices and volumes, primarily in our global corn, global oil and global wheat businesses, driven by higher commodity prices, and higher sales in our ocean freight business driven by increased global freight demand and related sales prices. 
Cost of goods sold increased by $12,948 million, or 46%, to $41,133 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to $28,185 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to the following: 
• In Processing, Cost of goods sold increased by $6,492 million due to higher global commodity prices and related sales as noted above, as well as increased industrial input costs driven by inflation, in particular energy, partially offset by favorable mark-to-market results in our global soybean processing businesses.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Either a declining or a level percentage charge generally over ten years or less. Additionally, approximately 12.0% of fixed annuities are subject to market value adjustment for discretionary withdrawals 
The Company offered various guarantees to variable annuity contractholders. In 2006, the Company disposed of substantially all of its variable annuity business through reinsurance agreements with Prudential. Liabilities for variable contract guarantees related to death benefits are included in the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits and the liabilities related to the income, withdrawal and accumulation benefits are included in contractholder funds. All liabilities for variable contract guarantees are reported on a gross basis on the balance sheet with a corresponding reinsurance recoverable asset for those contracts subject to reinsurance. 
Absent any contract provision wherein the Company guarantees either a minimum return or account value upon death, a specified contract anniversary date, partial withdrawal or annuitization, variable annuity and variable life insurance contractholders bear the investment risk that the separate accounts’ funds may not meet their stated investment objectives. The account balances of variable annuity contracts’ separate accounts with guarantees included $ 2.68 billion and $ 2.47 billion of equity, fixed income and balanced mutual funds and $ 253 million and $ 245 million of money market mutual funds as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively.

BOEING CO report:
BCA develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Revenue on commercial aircraft contracts is recognized at the point in time when an aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. 
BDS engages in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems, surveillance and engagement, strategic defense and intelligence systems, satellite systems and space exploration. BDS revenue is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred. 
BGS provides parts, maintenance, modifications, logistics support, training, data analytics and information-based services to commercial and government customers worldwide. BGS segment revenue and costs include certain products and services provided to other segments. Revenue on commercial spare parts contracts is recognized at the point in time when a spare part is delivered to the customer. Revenue on other contracts is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.
