US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
• Generational shifts with millennials and baby boomers. Given their purchasing power and diverse taste profiles, millennials, Generation Z and baby boomers will continue to significantly influence food consumption and the food away from home market. According to recent U.S. Census Bureau statistics, there were 89 million individuals born between 1982 and 2002 in the U.S., making millennials and Generation Z the largest demographic cohorts. When it comes to food, millennials and Generation Z are open-minded and curious, and willing to seek out new flavors, dining experiences and diverse menu offerings, while also demanding customization, convenience and sustainable products. Independent restaurants are well positioned to capitalize on these preferences. As millennials’ and Generation Z’s disposable income increases, we believe this demographic will be key to driving growth in the broader U.S. food industry. We also expect that baby boomers will continue to shape the industry as they remain in the workplace longer, which is expected to prolong their contribution to food away from home expenditures. 
• Growing importance of technology. We see significant future growth being driven by the increased utilization of, and reliance on technology by foodservice distributors, customers and diners. E-commerce solutions streamline the purchasing process and increase customer retention. They also deepen the relationship between foodservice distributors and customers, creating personalized insights and services that can make both more efficient. We believe foodservice distributors with deeper, technology-enabled relationships with customers are better able to accelerate their customers’ adoption of new products and increase customer loyalty, giving them a competitive edge. Technology is also growing in importance and helping to level the playing field for independent restaurants. Mobile food delivery and social media apps make independent restaurants more competitive with larger restaurant chains, and help this customer type attract more diners at a relatively low cost. We believe these technology trends will accelerate, as millennials and Generation Z place a greater reliance on technology and become key influencers and decision-makers within the food industry, including at the customer level. Consequently, we believe foodservice distributors which are focused on strengthening their technology, data analytics, and related capabilities will be well-positioned to capitalize on these trends. 
We believe that we have the scale, foresight and agility required to proactively address these trends and, in turn, benefit from higher sales growth, greater customer retention, increased private label penetration, and improved profitability.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The following table summarizes the activity for foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges, debt designated as a hedge of net investment in a foreign subsidiary and certain other derivative financial instruments, as well as the amounts and location of income (expense) and gain (loss) reclassified into income. 
A gain of $ 19 million, a loss of $ 171 million and a gain of $ 75 million were recognized in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedges. These amounts are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line.
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding into new horizontal markets.  As part of our growth strategy, which is driven both organically and through acquisitions, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, commerce, IoT and integration, and expect to continue this type of horizontal expansion in the future. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in top industries and major regions globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have steadily increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ, and we intend to develop additional distribution channels for our solutions around the globe. 
Promoting strong customer adoption. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, as well as advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and accelerate digital transformation.
