ALLSTATE CORP report:
The following cases are currently pending against the Company: Olberg v. Allstate Insurance Company, Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company, and CCC Information Services, Inc. (W.D. Wash., filed April 2018); Bloomgarden v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (S.D. Fla., filed July 2018, dismissed August 2019, refiled on September 2019, remanded to 17th Judicial Circuit, Broward County October 2020); Erby v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (E.D. Pa., filed October 2018); Kronenberg v. Allstate Insurance Company and Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (E.D. N.Y., filed December 2018); Ryan v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (7th Judicial Circuit, Volusia County, Fla.; filed May 2019, dismissed and refiled October 2019); Durgin v. Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company (W.D. LA, filed June 7, 2019); Anderson v. Allstate Insurance Company (20th Judicial Circuit, Collier County, Fla.; filed August 2019); Cody v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and Allstate County Mutual Insurance Company (N.D. Tex., filed August 2019); Williams v. Esurance Property and Casualty Insurance Company (C.D. Cal,; filed September 2020); Cotton v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (Cir. Ct. of Cook County, Chancery Div., Ill.; filed October 2020); Romaniak v. Esurance Property and Casualty Insurance Company (N.D. Ohio, filed December 2020); Gosa v. Esurance Property and Casualty Insurance Company (S.D. Ill., filed December 2020). 
Other proceedings The stockholder derivative actions described below are disclosed pursuant to SEC disclosure requirements for these types of matters. The putative class action alleging violations of the federal securities laws is disclosed because it involves similar allegations to those made in the stockholder derivative actions. 
Biefeldt / IBEW Consolidated Action. Two separately filed stockholder derivative actions have been consolidated into a single proceeding that is pending in the Circuit Court for Cook County, Illinois, Chancery Division. The original complaint in the first-filed of those actions, Biefeldt v. Wilson, et al. , was filed on August 3, 2017, in that court by a plaintiff alleging that she is a stockholder of the Company. On June 29, 2018, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss that complaint for failure to make a pre-suit demand on the Allstate Board but granted plaintiff permission to file an amended complaint. The original complaint in IBEW Local No. 98 Pension Fund v. Wilson, et al. , was filed on April 12, 2018, in the same court by another plaintiff alleging to be a stockholder of the Company. After the court issued its dismissal decision in the Biefeldt action, plaintiffs agreed to consolidate the two actions and filed a consolidated amended complaint naming as defendants the Company’s chairman, president and chief executive officer, its former president, and certain present or former members of the board of directors. In that complaint, plaintiffs allege that the directors and officer defendants breached their fiduciary duties to the Company in connection with allegedly material misstatements or omissions concerning the Company’s automobile insurance claim frequency statistics and the reasons for a claim frequency increase for Allstate brand auto i nsurance between October 2014 and August 3, 2015. The factual allegations are substantially similar to those at issue in In re The Allstate Corp. Securities Litigation . Plaintiffs further allege that a senior officer and several outside directors engaged in stock option exercises allegedly while in possession of material nonpublic information. Plaintiffs seek, on behalf of the Company, an unspecified amount of damages and various forms of equitable relief. Defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated complaint on September 24, 2018 for failure to make a demand on the Allstate Board. On May 14, 2019, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint, but allowed plaintiffs leave to file a second consolidated amended complaint which they filed on September 17, 2019. Defendants moved to dismiss the complaint on November 1, 2019 for failure to make a demand on the Allstate Board. The court subsequently requested supplemental briefing on the motion which concluded on February 1, 2021. A ruling is expected at a status conference scheduled for February 24, 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Income Taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character, for example, ordinary income or capital gain, within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
Strategic Investments.  Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. Privately held

BOEING CO report:
Industrial Revenue Bonds (IRB) issued by St. Louis County were used to finance the purchase and/or construction of real and personal property at our St. Louis site. Tax benefits associated with IRBs include a twelve-year property tax abatement and sales tax exemption from St. Louis County. We record these properties on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. We have also purchased the IRBs and therefore are the bondholders as well as the borrower/lessee of the properties purchased with the IRB proceeds. The liabilities and IRB assets are equal and are reported net in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the assets and liabilities associated with the IRBs were $ 271 . 
Our final incurred costs for each year are subject to audit and review for allowability by the U.S. government, which can result in payment demands related to costs they believe should be disallowed. We work with the U.S. government to assess the merits of claims and where appropriate reserve for amounts disputed. If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve disputed costs, we could be required to record an earnings charge and/or provide refunds to the U.S. government. 
Substantially all contracts at BDS and the majority of contracts at BGS Government are long-term contracts. Long-term contracts that are contracted on a fixed-price basis could result in losses in future periods. Certain of the fixed-price contracts are for the development of new products, services and related technologies. This development work scope is inherently uncertain and subject to significant variability in estimates of the cost and time required to complete the work by us and our suppliers. The operational and technical complexities of fixed-price development contracts create financial risk, which could trigger additional earnings charges, termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure.
