ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• adult and other pediatric nutritional products, including Ensure ® , Ensure Plus ® , Ensure ® Enlive ® , Ensure ® (with NutriVigor ® ), Ensure ® Max Protein, Ensure ® High Protein, Glucerna ® , Glucerna Hunger Smart ® , ProSure™, PediaSure ® , PediaSure SideKicks ® , PediaSure ® Peptide, Juven ® , Abound™, Pedialyte ® and Zone Perfect ® ; and 
• nutritional products used in enteral feeding in health care institutions, including Jevity ® , Glucerna ® 1.2 Cal, Glucerna ® 1.5 Cal, Osmolite ® , Oxepa ® , Freego™ (Enteral Pump) and Freego™ sets, Nepro ® , and Vital ® . 
Primary marketing efforts for nutritional products are directed toward consumers or to securing the recommendation of Abbott’s brand of products by physicians or other health care professionals. In addition, nutritional products are also promoted directly to the public by consumer marketing efforts in markets where permitted.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(2) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses (including the partial or full sale of an equity method investment) and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, any KDP or JDE Peet’s ownership reductions are reflected as divestitures within our non-GAAP results the following quarter. See Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , and Note 7, Equity Method Investments, for information on acquisitions and divestitures impacting the comparability of our results. 
(3) Constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. 
(4) Non-GAAP adjustments related to the Simplify to Grow Program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. Costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-GAAP adjustments.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
As of December 29, 2018 , our Senior Notes had a carrying value of $595 million , net of $5 million  of unamortized deferred financing costs. The Senior Notes bear interest at 5.875% and mature on June 15, 2024. On or after June 15, 2019, the Senior Notes are redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part at a price of 102.938% of their remaining principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. On or after June 15, 2020 and June 15, 2021, the optional redemption price for the Senior Notes declines to 101.469% and 100.0%, respectively, of their remaining principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. Prior to June 15, 2019, up to 40% of the Senior Notes may be redeemed with the aggregate proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption premium of 105.875%. 
The   ABL Facility and   the ABS Facility mature in 2020.    The Term Loan Facility and the Senior Notes mature in 2023 and 2024, respectively, with scheduled principal payments of $2.1 billion  and $600 million, respectively. As economic conditions permit, we will consider further opportunities to repurchase, refinance or otherwise reduce our debt obligations on favorable terms. Any further potential debt reduction or refinancing could require significant use of our other available liquidity and capital resources. 
We believe that the combination of cash generated from operations, together with availability under the agreements governing our indebtedness and other financing arrangements, will be adequate to permit us to meet our debt service obligations, ongoing costs of operations, working capital needs, and capital expenditure requirements for the next 12 months.
