MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On June 30, 2016, we entered into agreements with AHBV and its affiliates to establish a new stock-based compensation arrangement tied to the issuance of JDE equity compensation awards to JDE employees. This arrangement replaced a temporary equity compensation program tied to the issuance of AHBV equity compensation to JDE employees. New Class C, D and E JDE shares were authorized and issued for investments made by, and vested stock-based compensation awards granted to, JDE employees. Under these arrangements, share ownership dilution from the JDE Class C, D and E shareholders was limited to 2 % . 
On July 19, 2016, the Supreme Court of Spain reached a final resolution on a challenged JDE tax position held by a predecessor DEMB company that resulted in an unfavorable tax expense of € 114 million . As a result, our share of JDE’s equity earnings during the third quarter of 2016 was negatively affected by € 30 million ( $ 34 million ). 
On March 3, 2016, a subsidiary of AHBV completed a $ 13.9 billion acquisition of all of the outstanding common stock of Keurig through a merger transaction. On March 7, 2016, we exchanged with a subsidiary of AHBV a portion of our equity interest in JDE with a carrying value of € 1.70 billion (approximately $ 2.0 billion as of March 7, 2016) for an interest in Keurig with a fair value of $ 2.0 billion based on the merger consideration per share for Keurig. We recorded the difference between the fair value of Keurig and our basis in JDE shares as a $ 43 million gain on the equity method investment exchange in March 2016. Immediately following the exchange, our ownership interest in JDE was 26.5 % and our interest in Keurig was 24.2 % .

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
After being relatively moderate in recent years, inflation in the United States increased significantly in late 2021 into 2022. This rise in inflation, coupled with supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and increased commodity prices, has generally resulted in higher costs in 2022. However, to the extent that a rising cost environment impacts our results, there are typically offsetting benefits either inherent in our business or that result from other steps we take proactively to reduce the impact of inflation on our net operating results. These benefits include: (1) provisions included in our long-term fee-based revenue contracts that offset cost increases in the form of rate escalations based on positive changes in the U.S. Consumer Price Index, Producer Price Index for Finished Goods or other factors; (2) provisions in other revenue contracts that enable us to pass through higher energy costs to customers in the form of gas, electricity and fuel rebills or surcharges; and (3) higher commodity prices, which generally enhance our results in the form of increased volumetric throughput and demand for our services. Additionally, we take measures to mitigate the impact of cost increases in certain commodities, including a portion of our electricity needs, using fixed-price, term purchase agreements. For these reasons, the increased cost environment, caused in part by inflation, has not had a material impact on our historical results of operations for the periods presented in this report. However, a significant or prolonged period of high inflation could adversely impact our results if costs were to increase at a rate greater than the increase in the revenues we receive.
See “ Capital Investments ” within this Part II, Item 7 for a discussion of the impact of inflation on our capital investment decisions. Additionally, see Part I, Item 1A “ Risk Factors -   Changes in price levels could negatively impact our revenue, our expenses, or both, which could adversely affect our business. ”
Revenues from the marketing of NGLs, crude oil and natural gas increased a combined $17.0 billion year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales prices, which accounted for a $12.0 billion increase, and higher sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $5.0 billion increase.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We may also be affected by increasingly stringent U.S. federal and foreign environmental laws and regulations that will apply to us or our customers in the future, some of which could increase the cost or reduce the demand for our products and services. For example, due to concern over the risk of climate change, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In other countries, proposed regulations include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Although the ultimate impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, they could make our products more expensive or reduce demand for petroleum products, as well as shift demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources. This, in turn, could affect our operations, earnings and competitive position. 
This 2019 10-K Report and the information incorporated by reference in it, or made by us in other reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, teleconferences, industry conferences or otherwise, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “plan,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. Specifically, this 2019 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements about (i) our expectations regarding the conditions in the aviation, land, and marine markets and the impact on our business, including volume, fuel prices, and the impact of the coronavirus outbreak on us and our customers, (ii) our expectations about the financial impact of portfolio rationalization and our ability to redeploy such capital into activities with sustainable revenue and expected returns, (iii) our expectations regarding sales to government customers,particularly NATO in Afghanistan, and the related impact on our profitability , 
(iv) our beliefs regarding our competitive advantages and our ability to capitalize on these to drive growth, (v) estimates regarding the short and long-term savings and synergies from our cost-savings initiatives and the benefits of our restructuring plan, (vi) our expectations regarding our working capital, liquidity, capital expenditure requirements, (vii) our expectations and estimates regarding certain tax, legal and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, (viii) our expectations regarding the financial and operational impact of our investments in automation and technology, including transaction processing costs, (ix) our expectations regarding the financial impact of acquisitions and divestitures, including estimates of future expenses and our ability to realize estimated synergies, and (x) estimates regarding the financial impact of our derivative contracts. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosures contained in our SEC filings.
