BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. Instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. We perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. If events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses, we perform an impairment analysis at that date. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant asset. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) verify there are no changes to our reporting units with goodwill balances; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value, or book value, of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge for such amount, but not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including the identification of our reporting units, identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, and determination of fair value. In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis, we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management’s strategic business plans. Changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in further goodwill impairment charges. We believe that the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. Estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used, where available. Critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include, but are not limited to, assumptions about variables such as commodity prices, crop throughput and production volumes, profitability, future capital expenditures and discount rates, all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment. 
During the fourth quarter of 2019, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined that the estimated fair values of our goodwill reporting units, except our Loders reporting unit, were substantially in excess of each of their carrying values. See Note 8, Goodwill, to our consolidated financial statements, for additional information relating to a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million recorded in 2019 related to our Loders reporting unit.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2021, the Company has U.S. federal and foreign net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards, some of which will expire on various dates from 2024 through 2037 as indicated in the table below. In assessing the realizability of gross deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the gross deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment, as well as limitations on use in future periods. Accordingly, management believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain NOL carryforwards from recent acquisitions will not be realized. The Company had a valuation allowance of $ 24 million on the deferred tax assets related to these NOL carryforwards. 
The provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the 20-year carryforward period and made it indefinite for federal net operating losses generated in tax years after December 31, 2017. For such amounts generated prior to 2018, the 20-year carryforward period continues to apply. 
($ in millions) 20-Year Carryforward Expires in 2024-2037 Indefinite Carryforward Period Total US Federal $ 195   $ 9   $ 204   Foreign —   218   218   Total $ 195   $ 227   $ 422

BOEING CO report:
Investment Strategy The overall objective of our pension assets is to earn a rate of return over time to satisfy the benefit obligations of the pension plans and to maintain sufficient liquidity to pay benefits and address other cash requirements of the pension fund. Specific investment objectives for our long-term investment strategy include reducing the volatility of pension assets relative to pension liabilities, achieving a competitive total investment return, achieving diversification between and within asset classes and managing other risks. Investment objectives for each asset class are determined based on specific risks and investment opportunities identified. 
We periodically update our long-term, strategic asset allocations. We use various analytics to determine the optimal asset mix and consider plan liability characteristics, liquidity characteristics, funding requirements, expected rates of return and the distribution of returns. A key element of our strategy is to de-risk the plan as the funded status of the plan increases. During 2022, the funded status of the plans increased as compared to 2021, and additional assets were reallocated to fixed income. The changes in the asset allocation are reflected in the table below. We identify investment benchmarks to evaluate performance for the asset classes in the strategic asset allocation that are market-based and investable where possible. Actual allocations to each asset class vary from target allocations due to periodic investment strategy changes, market value fluctuations, the length of time it takes to fully implement investment allocation positions, and the timing of benefit payments and contributions. Short-term investments and exchange-traded derivatives are used to rebalance the actual asset allocation to the target asset allocation. The asset allocation is monitored and rebalanced frequently. The actual and target allocations by asset class for the pension assets at December 31 were as follows: 
Fixed income securities are invested primarily in a diversified portfolio of long duration instruments as well as Emerging Market, Structured, High Yield and Private Debt. Global equity securities are invested in a diversified portfolio of U.S. and non-U.S. companies, across various industries and market capitalizations.
