SALESFORCE INC report:
We have historically provided and continue to provide our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also provide our services via cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. In December 2020, we announced Hyperforce, a reimagination of our platform architecture built to securely and reliably deliver the Customer 360 platform on major public clouds. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services, as well as integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.

BOEING CO report:
Unbilled receivables (contract assets) arise when the Company recognizes revenue for amounts which cannot yet be billed under terms of the contract with the customer. Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities) arise when the Company receives payments from customers in advance of recognizing revenue. The amount of Unbilled receivables or Advances and progress billings is determined for each contract . 
Lease and financing revenue arrangements are included in Sales of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For sales-type/finance leases, we record an asset at lease inception. This asset is recorded at the aggregate of future minimum lease payments, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and deferred incremental direct costs less unearned income. Income is recognized over the life of the lease to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. Residual values, which are reviewed periodically, represent the estimated amount we expect to receive at lease termination from the disposition of the leased equipment. Actual residual values realized could differ from these estimates. 
For operating leases, revenue on leased aircraft and equipment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Operating lease assets, included in Customer financing, are recorded at cost and depreciated over the period that we project we will hold the asset to an estimated residual value, using the straight-line method. We periodically review our estimates of residual value and recognize forecasted changes by prospectively adjusting depreciation expense.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the postretirement health care plans. A one percentage-point increase in assumed health care cost trend rates would increase net periodic benefit cost for other postretirement benefits by $27 million . A one 
Target funding levels  are established in accordance with applicable regulations, including those under the Internal Revenue Code for U.S. pension plans, and generally accepted actuarial principles. Our funding levels were within our targeted range as of December 31, 2018 . In 2018 , we contributed $16 million  to our unfunded non-qualified plans and zero to the qualified funded pension plans. We expect to contribute $26 million  and zero to these plans, respectively, for the 2019  fiscal year. This estimate could change significantly based on market conditions. 
Shareholders’ equity  decreased in 2018, primarily due to decreased net unrealized capital gains on investments, common share repurchases and dividends paid to shareholders, partially offset by net income and issuance of preferred stock. In 2018 , we paid dividends of $614 million and $134 million related to our common and preferred shares, respectively. Shareholders’ equity increased in 2017, primarily due to net income, increased unrealized net capital gains on investments and lower unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs, partially offset by common share repurchases and dividends paid to shareholders.
