VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Partner Solutions business competes with traditional carriers for long-haul, voice and IP services. In addition, mobile video and data needs are driving a greater need for wireless backhaul. Network providers, cable companies and niche players are competitors for this new revenue opportunity. 
In Business Markets, customer purchasing behaviors and preferences continue to evolve. Solution speed and simplicity with a consumer-like "look and feel" are becoming key differentiators for both our SMB and SLED customers. SMB customers are seeking full life-cycle offers that simplify the process of starting, running and growing their businesses, while SLED customers want similar services that are high quality and secure, and that enable material improvement in citizen outreach, public safety and city infrastructure performance. 
In April 2016, we completed the sale (Access Line Sale) of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas, including Fios Internet and video customers, switched and special access lines and high-speed Internet service and long distance voice accounts in these three states to Frontier Communications Corporation (Frontier) for approximately $10.5 billion (approximately $7.3 billion net of income taxes), subject to certain adjustments and including the assumption of $0.6 billion of indebtedness from Verizon by Frontier. The transaction, which included the acquisition by Frontier of the equity interests of Verizon’s incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) in California, Florida and Texas, did not involve any assets or liabilities of Verizon Wireless.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The pro forma financial information for all periods presented above has been calculated after adjusting the results of MuleSoft to reflect the business combination accounting effects resulting from this acquisition, including the amortization of fair value adjustments to unearned revenue, the amortization expense from acquired intangible assets and the stock-based compensation expense for unvested stock options and restricted stock awards assumed as well as the interest expense associated with the Company's issuance of debt prior to the acquisition as though the acquisition occurred as of the beginning of the Company’s fiscal year 2018. The historical consolidated financial statements have been adjusted in the pro forma combined financial statements to give effect to pro forma events that are directly attributable to the business combination and factually supportable. The pro forma financial information is for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the Company’s fiscal 2018. 
The pro forma financial information for fiscal 2019  and 2018  combines the historical results of the Company for fiscal 2019  and 2018 , the adjusted historical results of MuleSoft for fiscal 2019  and 2018 , due to differences in reporting periods and considering the date the Company acquired MuleSoft, and the effects of the pro forma adjustments listed above. Prior to being acquired, MuleSoft's fiscal year concluded on December 31. Net income for fiscal 2018 above includes a discrete tax benefit of $136 million , resulting from a partial release of valuation allowance in connection with the acquisition. The net deferred tax liability from the acquisition of MuleSoft provided a source of additional income to support the realizability of the Company's pre-existing deferred tax assets. The deferred tax liability considered the 21 percent corporate tax rate enacted by the Tax Act. 
In April 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of CloudCraze LLC ("CloudCraze"), for consideration consisting of cash and equity awards assumed. CloudCraze is a commerce platform that allows businesses to generate online revenue and scale for growth. CloudCraze delivers interactions across commerce, sales, marketing and service. The Company has included the financial results of CloudCraze in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition, which have not been material to date. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Compensation expense $ 93   $ 120   $ 124   Income tax benefits 16   18   18   Cash received from exercise of options 130   151   111   Tax benefit realized on options exercised and release of stock restrictions 44   37   53    
The Company records compensation expense related to awards under these plans over the shorter of the period in which the requisite service is rendered or retirement eligibility is attained. Compensation expense for performance stock awards with no market condition is based on the probable number of awards expected to vest using the performance level most likely to be achieved at the end of the performance period. Compensation expense for performance stock awards with a market condition is based on the number of awards expected to vest as estimated at the grant date and does not change if the market condition is not met. 
($ in millions) Unrecognized compensation Weighted average vesting period Nonqualified stock options $ 16   1.66 Restricted stock units 47   1.9 Performance stock awards 20   1.55 Total $ 83
