WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Discovery has a fair value call right exercisable during 30-day  windows beginning on each of March 25, 2021 , September 25, 2022  and March 25, 2024 , that requires Discovery to either purchase all of GoldenTree's noncontrolling 32.5%  interest in the joint venture at fair value or participate in an initial public offering for the joint venture. GoldenTree's 32.5%  noncontrolling interest in the joint venture is presented as redeemable noncontrolling interest outside of permanent equity on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. The opening balance sheet value of redeemable noncontrolling interest recognized upon closing was $82 million  based on GoldenTree's ownership interest in the book value of Velocity and fair value of GoldenTree's contribution. The balance was subsequently increased by $38 million to adjust the redemption value to fair value of $120 million . (See Note 11.) 
On March 2, 2018 , the Company acquired a sports broadcaster in Turkey for $5 million . On September 1, 2017 , the Company exercised its call right for the remaining outstanding equity in an equity method investment in a FTA company in Poland for $4 million . The operations of these entities were consolidated upon their acquisition dates. 
The following unaudited pro forma information has been presented as if the acquisition of Scripps Networks occurred on January 1, 2017  and the OWN and MTG transactions occurred on January 1, 2016 . The information is based on the historical results of operations of the acquired businesses, adjusted for:

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations are subject to various environmental and safety requirements and potential liabilities under extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. These include, without limitation: CERCLA; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (“RCRA”); the Federal Clean Air Act (“CAA”); the Clean Water Act (“CWA”); the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (“OPA”); the OSHA; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act; the National Historic Preservation Act; and comparable or analogous state and local laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations affect many aspects of our present and future operations, and generally require us to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental registrations, licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals with respect to air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges and solid and hazardous waste management. Failure to comply with these requirements may expose us to fines, penalties and/or interruptions in our operations that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
If a leak, spill or release of hazardous substances occurs at any facilities that we own, operate or otherwise use, or where we send materials for treatment or disposal, we could be held liable for all resulting liabilities, including investigation, remedial and clean-up costs. Likewise, we could be required to remove previously disposed waste products or remediate contaminated property, including situations where groundwater has been impacted. Any or all of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
We believe our operations are in material compliance with existing environmental and safety laws and regulations and that our compliance with such regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. However, environmental and safety laws and regulations are subject to change. The trend in environmental regulation has been to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may be perceived to impact the environment, and thus there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for environmental regulation compliance or remediation. New or revised regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs are not fully recoverable from our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Volatility of Global Markets – Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in emerging markets. Some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. See below for a discussion of Brexit as well as Argentina, which was designated a highly inflationary economy in 2018. In addition, the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities and potential changes in U.S. trade programs, trade relations, regulations, taxes or fiscal policies might negatively affect our sales or profitability. To help mitigate adverse effects of ongoing volatility across markets, we aim to protect profitability through the management of costs (including hedging) and pricing as well as targeted investments in our brands and new routes to market. 
Coronavirus – We have been monitoring the outbreak of a new coronavirus that originated in China. We believe it could have a negative impact on our results in the short term and we are taking steps to protect our employees, consumers and business. 
Competition – We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, product innovation and high standards of product quality. We
