MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Historically we have made grants of deferred stock units, performance share units and restricted stock. Beginning in 2016, we only grant deferred stock units and performance share units and no longer grant restricted stock. Deferred stock units granted to eligible employees have most shareholder rights, except that they may not sell, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber the shares and our deferred stock units do not have voting rights until vested. Shares of deferred stock units are subject to forfeiture if certain employment conditions are not met. Deferred stock units generally vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. Performance share units granted under our 2005 Plan vest based on varying performance, market and service conditions. The unvested performance share units have no voting rights and do not pay dividends. Dividend equivalents accumulated over the vesting period are paid only after the performance share units vest. 
The fair value of the deferred stock units, performance share units and restricted stock at the date of grant is amortized to earnings over the vesting period. The fair value of our deferred stock units and restricted stock is measured at the market price of our Common Stock on the grant date. Performance share unit awards generally have targets tied to both performance and market-based conditions. For market condition components, market volatility and other factors are taken into consideration in determining the grant date fair value and the related compensation expense is recognized regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied, provided that the requisite service has been provided. For performance condition components, we estimate the probability that the performance conditions will be achieved each quarter and adjust compensation expenses accordingly. The grant date fair value of performance share units is determined based on the Monte Carlo simulation model for the market-based total shareholder return component and the market price of our Common Stock on the grant date for performance-based components. The number of performance share units that ultimately vest ranges from 0 - 200 percent of the number granted, based on the achievement of the performance and market-based components. 
We recorded compensation expense related to deferred stock units, performance share units and restricted stock of $ 98 million in 2020, $ 97 million in 2019 and $ 85 million in 2018 in our results from continuing operations. The deferred tax benefit recorded related to this compensation expense was $ 15 million in 2020, $ 16 million in 2019 and $ 12 million in 2018. The unamortized compensation expense related to our deferred stock units, performance share units and restricted stock was $ 107 million at December 31, 2020 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company maintains various short-term bank credit facilities, with a borrowing capacity of $ 1,234 and $ 1,257 , in 2023 and 2022. Short-term borrowings outstanding were immaterial at the end of 2023 and 2022. 
The Company's long-term debt consists primarily of Senior Notes, described below. The Company at its option may redeem the Senior Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption price plus accrued interest. The redemption price is equal to the greater of 100 % of the principal amount or the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity. Additionally, upon certain events, a holder has the right to require a repurchase at a price of 101 % of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Interest on all outstanding long-term debt is payable semi-annually. The estimated fair value of Senior Notes is valued using Level 2 inputs. 
Other long-term debt consists of Guaranteed Senior Notes issued by the Company's Japanese subsidiary, valued using Level 3 inputs. In May 2023, the Japanese subsidiary repaid $ 75 of its Guaranteed Senior Notes.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Net cash from operating activities amounted to $7.9 billion, $6.1 billion and $6.3 billion in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2020 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings, lower payments related to interest, integration expenses, and restructuring actions, and the proceeds from a litigation settlement partially offset by an increased investment in working capital and higher income tax payments. The decrease in Net cash from operating activities in 2019 was primarily due to an increased investment in working capital, timing of pension contributions relative to 2018 and higher income tax payments, partially offset by the favorable cash flow impact of improved segment operating earnings and lower interest and acquisition-related expenses.
While a significant portion of Abbott’s cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2020, are reinvested in foreign subsidiaries, Abbott does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. Due to the enactment of the TCJA, if these funds were needed for operations in the U.S., Abbott does not expect to incur significant additional income taxes in the future to repatriate these funds.
Abbott funded $400 million in 2020, $382 million in 2019 and $114 million in 2018 to defined benefit pension plans. Abbott expects pension funding of approximately $410 million in 2021 for its pension plans. Abbott expects annual cash flow from operating activities to continue to exceed Abbott’s capital expenditures and cash dividends.
