BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Interest earned on secured advances to suppliers of $31 million, $26 million and $30 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, is included in Net sales in the consolidated statements of income. 
The table below shows details of prepaid commodity contracts and secured advances to suppliers outstanding at our Brazilian operations as of the dates indicated. See Note 6- Other Current Assets and Note 12- Other Non-Current Assets, to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
(30) (9) Net 485   425 Secured advances to suppliers (non-current) 81   134 Total (current and non-current) 566   559 Allowance for uncollectible amounts (current and non-current) $ (43) $ (65)

BOEING CO report:
We provide various forms of share-based compensation to our employees. For awards settled in shares, we measure compensation expense based on the grant-date fair value net of estimated forfeitures. For awards settled in cash, or that may be settled in cash, we measure compensation expense based on the fair value at each reporting date net of estimated forfeitures. The expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award. 
Provisions for U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. income taxes are calculated on reported Loss before income taxes based on current tax law and also include, in the current period, the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those used previously in determining deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such provisions differ from the amounts currently receivable or payable because certain items of income and expense are recognized in different time periods for financial reporting purposes than for income tax purposes. Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and evaluating tax positions. 
The accounting for uncertainty in income taxes requires a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We record a liability for the difference between the benefit recognized and measured for financial statement purposes and the tax position taken or expected to be taken on our tax return. To the extent that our assessment of such tax positions changes, the change in estimate is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. Tax-related interest and penalties are classified as a component of Income tax benefit.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Other revenue represents fees collected from policyholders relating to premium installment payments, commissions on sales of non-proprietary products, sales of identity protection services, fee-based services and other revenue transactions. Other revenue is recognized when performance obligations are fulfilled. 
Costs that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal policies or contracts are deferred and recorded as DAC. These costs are principally agent and broker remuneration, premium taxes and certain underwriting expenses. All other acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and included in operating costs and expenses. 
For property and casualty insurance, DAC is amortized into income as premiums are earned, typically over periods of six or twelve months for personal lines policies or generally one to five years for protection plans and other contracts (primarily related to finance and insurance products), and is included in amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs. DAC associated with property and casualty insurance is periodically reviewed for recoverability and adjusted if necessary. Future investment income is considered in determining the recoverability of DAC.
