BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
On December 8, 2022, we announced our intention to change the place of incorporation of our ultimate parent company from Bermuda to Switzerland (the "Redomestication"). Over the past few years, we have undertaken an extensive review of our 
business operations and the emerging trends in the global tax environment. As part of this review, we performed a substantial analysis of alternative jurisdictions to which we might redomesticate. Following completion of this analysis, we determined that Switzerland was the best jurisdiction in which to redomesticate because it allows us to better align our corporate legal structure with our commercial operations. Switzerland is also a jurisdiction that is well-suited for global companies like Bunge and offers a well-developed corporate, legal, and regulatory environment. Additionally, Bunge has conducted substantial business operations in Switzerland for decades. 
If the Redomestication is approved, the place of incorporation and principal executive office of our ultimate parent company will be in Geneva, Switzerland. The corporate headquarters of the Bunge Group will remain in Chesterfield, Missouri. We would continue to be subject to the ongoing reporting requirements of a public company under U.S. securities laws and our shares would continue to be listed exclusively on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol “BG.” The Redomestication is subject to various approvals and conditions, including shareholder approval. The Redomestication involves a number of risks and uncertainties, please see “Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Redomestication” for more information.

BOEING CO report:
During 2019, we entered into agreements with Embraer S.A. (Embraer) to establish joint ventures that included the commercial aircraft and services operations of Embraer, of which we were expected to acquire an 80 percent ownership stake for $ 4,200 , as well as a joint venture to promote and develop new markets for the C-390 Millennium. In 2020, we exercised our contractual right to terminate these agreements based on Embraer’s failure to meet certain required closing conditions. Embraer has disputed our right to terminate the agreements, and the dispute is currently in arbitration. We cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, that may result from the arbitration. 
Effective at the beginning of 2020, certain programs were realigned between our BDS segment and Unallocated items, eliminations and other. Business segment data for 2019 and 2018 has been adjusted to reflect the realignment. 
Our primary profitability measurements to review a segment’s operating results are Earnings/(loss) from operations and operating margins. We operate in four reportable segments: BCA, BDS, BGS, and BCC. All other activities fall within Unallocated items, eliminations and other. See page 67 for the Summary of Business Segment Data, which is an integral part of this note.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Catastrophe reinsurance Our catastrophe reinsurance program is designed to address our exposure to catastrophes nationwide, utilizing our risk management methodology. Our program is designed to provide reinsurance protection for catastrophes resulting from multiple perils including hurricanes, windstorms, hail, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, and fires following earthquakes. These reinsurance agreements are part of our catastrophe management strategy, which is intended to provide our shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business, while providing protection to our customers. 
We anticipate completing the placement of our 2023 nationwide catastrophe reinsurance program in the first half of 2023. For further details of the existing 2022 program, see Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements. 
Allstate Health and Benefits offers employer voluntary benefits, group health and individual health products, including life, accident, critical illness, hospital, short-term disability and other health products. Allstate Health and Benefits results include National General’s accident and health business, starting in the first quarter of 2021. Results prior to 2021 reflect historical Allstate Benefits results only.
