SALESFORCE INC report:
In August 2018, we moved to a co-chief executive officer model with the promotion of our vice chairman and chief operating officer, Keith Block. We determined that both co-chief executive officers also serve as chief operating decision makers for the purposes of segment reporting. Despite the change in the chief operating decision maker, we determined no change to segment reporting was necessary as there was no change in the components for which separate financial information is regularly evaluated. 
We derive our revenues from two sources: (1) subscription revenues, which are comprised of subscription fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, "Cloud Services"), software licenses, and from customers paying for additional support beyond the standard support that is included in the basic subscription fees; and (2) related professional services such as process mapping, project management, implementation services and other revenue. “Other revenue” consists primarily of training fees. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 93 percent  of our total revenues for fiscal 2019 . Subscription revenues are driven primarily by the number of paying subscribers, varying service types, and the price of our service and renewals. We define a “customer” as a separate and distinct buying entity (e.g., a company, a distinct business unit of a large corporation, a partnership, etc.) that has entered into a contract to access our enterprise cloud computing services. 
Subscription and support revenues for Cloud Services are recognized ratably over the contract terms beginning on the commencement dates of each contract. Subscription revenues for software licenses are generally recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer. The typical subscription and support term is 12 to 36 months, although terms range from one to 60 months. Our subscription and support contracts are non-cancelable, though customers typically have the right to terminate their contracts for cause if we materially fail to perform.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Contractual commitments represent investment commitments such as private placements, limited partnership interests and other loans. Limited partnership interests are typically funded over the commitment period which is shorter than the contractual expiration date of the partnership and as a result, the actual timing of the funding may vary. 
We have agreements in place for services we conduct, generally at cost, between subsidiaries relating to insurance, reinsurance, loans and capitalization. All material intercompany transactions have been appropriately eliminated in consolidation. Intercompany transactions among insurance subsidiaries and affiliates have been approved by the appropriate departments of insurance as required. 
that are performed on an integrated, enterprise-wide basis, following our risk and return principles. Our legal and capital structures are designed to manage capital and solvency on a legal entity basis. Our risk-return principles define how we operate and guide risk and return decision making. These principles state that our priority is to maintain a strong foundation by protecting solvency, complying with laws and acting with integrity. We strive to build strategic value and optimize risk and return.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the SEC, could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
an adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing; 
changes in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, including the SEC, may require or that result from changes in the accounting rules or their application, which could result in an impact on earnings.
