BOEING CO report:
Due to the size, duration and nature of many of our long-term contracts, the estimation of total sales and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Total sales estimates are based on negotiated contract prices and quantities, modified by our assumptions regarding contract options, change orders, incentive and award provisions associated with technical performance, and price adjustment clauses (such as inflation or index-based clauses). The majority of these long-term contracts are with the U.S. government where the price is generally based on estimated cost to produce the product or service plus profit. Federal Acquisition Regulations provide guidance on the types of cost that will be reimbursed in establishing contract price. Total cost estimates are largely based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, business base and other economic projections. Factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, asset utilization, and anticipated labor agreements. 
Revenue and cost estimates for all significant long-term contract performance obligations are reviewed and reassessed quarterly. Changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the performance obligation’s inception to date revenues, cost of sales and profit, in the period in which such changes are made. Changes in revenue and cost estimates could also result in a reach-forward loss or an adjustment to a reach-forward loss, which would be recorded immediately in earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2016 net unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments, including reach-forward losses, across all long-term contracts decreased Earnings from operations by $190 million and $263 million . For the year ended December 31, 2017 , net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments, including reach-forward losses, across all long-term contracts increased Earnings from operations by $250 million . 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is likely that materially different earnings could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Christos Dimopoulos, 47 -Mr. Dimopoulos has served as President, Global Supply Chains since May 2019. Mr. Dimopoulos joined Bunge in 2004 and served most recently as President, Agribusiness. He joined the company in 2004 as a grain trader and subsequently held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility in the Agribusiness segment. Prior to Bunge, Mr. Dimopoulos held roles in Europe and the United States with Tradigrain and Intrade Risk Management. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Management and Marketing from HEC Lausanne in Switzerland. 
Pierre Mauger, 48 -Mr. Mauger has served as Chief Transformation Officer since May 2019. He joined Bunge in 2013 as Chief Development Officer. Prior to Bunge, Mr. Mauger was a partner at McKinsey & Company, where he led the firm's agriculture service line in Europe, the Middle East and Africa from 2009 to 2013, overseeing client relationships with leading global companies in the commodity processing and trading, agrochemicals and fertilizer sectors, as well as with governments. Prior to that, he served as a partner in the firm's consumer goods practice. He joined McKinsey as an associate in 2000. Mr. Mauger previously worked as an auditor at Nestlé and KPMG. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Economics and Business Finance from Brunel University in the United Kingdom and an M.B.A. from INSEAD. 
John Neppl, 55 - Mr. Neppl has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since May 2019. Mr. Neppl joined Bunge from Green Plains Inc., where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Green Plains, Mr. Neppl served as chief financial officer of The Gavilon Group, LLC, an agriculture and energy commodities management firm with an extensive global footprint. Mr. Neppl held senior financial management positions at ConAgra Foods, Inc., including senior financial officer of ConAgra Trade Group and Commercial Products division as well as assistant corporate controller. Prior to ConAgra, Mr. Neppl was corporate controller at Guarantee Life Companies. He began his career as an auditor with Deloitte & Touche. He is a member of the Creighton University Heider College of Business Dean’s Advisory Board, as well as its Accounting Department Advisory Board. Mr. Neppl holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration with a major in Accounting from Creighton University. He is also a certified public accountant (inactive status).

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Run-off Property-Liability includes property and casualty insurance coverage that primarily relates to policies written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s. Our exposure to asbestos, environmental and other run-off lines claims arises principally from direct excess commercial insurance, assumed reinsurance coverage, direct primary commercial insurance and other businesses in run-off. 
Protection Services comprise Allstate Protection Plans, Allstate Dealer Services, Allstate Roadside, Arity and Allstate Identity Protection. Protection Services offer consumer product protection plans, finance and insurance products (including vehicle service contracts, guaranteed asset protection waivers, road hazard tire and wheel and paintless dent repair protection), roadside assistance, device and mobile data collection services and analytic solutions using automotive telematics information and identity protection. Protection Services primarily operates in the U.S. and Canada, with Allstate Protection Plans also offering services in Europe, Australia and Asia. Revenues from external customers generated outside the United 
Allstate Health and Benefits offers employer voluntary benefits, group health and individual health products, including life, accident, critical illness, hospital, short-term disability and other health products. Allstate Health and Benefits primarily operates in the U.S. (all 50 states and D.C.) and Canada. For 2022, the top geographic locations for statutory direct accident, health and life insurance premiums were Florida, Texas, Georgia and Ohio. No other jurisdiction accounted for more than 5 % of statutory direct accident, health and life insurance premiums. Revenues from external customers generated outside the United States relate to voluntary accident and health insurance sold in Canada and were not material.
