SALESFORCE INC report:
Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve month basis as of the end of each month. As of January 31, 2020, our attrition rate, excluding Commerce Cloud, Integration Cloud, Salesforce.org and Tableau, was less than nine percent. Our attrition rate for fiscal 2020 benefited, in part, from the ongoing shift in our business mix to enterprise and international markets which have longer customer contract term durations. In general, we exclude service offerings from acquisitions from our attrition calculation until fully integrated into our customer success organization. While it is difficult to predict, we expect our attrition rate to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. 
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. The increase in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to the higher demand for services from an increased number of customers. 
Subscription and support revenues from Quip Collaboration Platform were not significant in fiscal 2020 and 2019. Our Industry Offerings revenue is included in either Sales Cloud, Service Cloud or Salesforce Platform and Other depending on the primary service offering purchased. Integration and Analytics revenues are included in Salesforce Platform and Other. The acquisition of Tableau in August 2019 contributed approximately $652 million to Salesforce Platform and Other.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Allstate Life portfolio is comprised of assets chosen to generate returns to support corresponding liabilities within an asset-liability framework that targets an appropriate return on capital. This portfolio is well diversified and primarily consists of longer duration fixed income securities and commercial mortgage loans. 
The Allstate Benefits portfolio is focused on generating an appropriate return on capital. The portfolio is largely comprised of fixed income securities and commercial mortgage loans with a small allocation to equity securities. 
liabilities. For longer-term immediate annuity liabilities, we invest primarily in performance-based investments such as limited partnerships and equity securities. For shorter-term annuity liabilities, we invest primarily in fixed income securities and commercial mortgage loans with maturity profiles aligned with liability cash flow requirements.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
As of January 2017, we no longer offer Consumer customers new fixed-term, subsidized service plans for phones; however, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program. 
Consumer and Business offer several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled Internet devices, such as tablets, laptop computers and netbooks, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches and other wearables . In certain cases, we permit customers to acquire equipment from us using device payment plans, which permit the customer to pay for the device in installments over time. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, Consumer sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including Internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis.
