US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is derived from a mathematical asset model. This model incorporates assumptions on the various asset class returns, reflecting a combination of historical performance analysis and the forward-looking views of the financial markets regarding the yield on long-term bonds and the historical returns of the major stock markets. The rate of return assumption is reviewed annually and revised as deemed appropriate. 
The investment objective for the Company sponsored plans is to provide a common investment platform. Investment managers, overseen by the US Foods, Inc. Benefits Administration Committee, are expected to adopt and maintain an asset allocation strategy for the plans’ assets designed to address the Retirement Plans’ liability structure. The Company has developed an asset allocation policy and rebalancing policy. The Benefits Administration Committee reviews the major asset classes, through consultation with its investment consultants, periodically to determine if the plan assets are performing as expected. The Company’s 2018 strategy initially targeted a mix of 50%  equity securities and 50%  long-term debt securities and cash equivalents. During 2018, the Company revised its target to a mix of 35%  equity securities and 65%  long-term debt securities and cash equivalents. The actual mix of investments at December 29, 2018  was 30%  equity securities and 70%  long-term debt securities and cash equivalents. The Company plans to manage the actual mix of investments to achieve its target mix. 
Common collective trust funds are measured at the net asset value at the December 31 , 2018  and 2017  measurement dates. This class represents investments in common collective trust funds that invest in:

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the European Union (EU), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the European In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Directive, depends upon the category, with certain product categories requiring review and approval by an independent company, known as a Notified Body, before the manufacturer can affix a CE mark to the product to declare conformity to the Directive. Other products only require a self-certification process. In 2017, the EU adopted the new In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replaces the existing directive in the EU for in vitro diagnostic products and imposes additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. In December 2021, the IVDR was amended to extend the regulation’s previous two-year transition period by one to three years, with the transition period extending to May 2027 for certain devices. However, the amendment does not delay the date of application of the IVDR itself which will take effect on May 26, 2022.
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., medical devices are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott’s medical device products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;
