ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• The Inkster terminal, located near Detroit, Michigan, consists of multiple salt caverns with a total storage capacity of approximately 860 MBbls of NGLs. We use the Inkster terminal’s storage in connection with the Toledo North pipeline system and for the storage of NGLs from local producers and a refinery in Western Ohio. The terminal can receive and ship by pipeline in both directions and has a truck loading and unloading rack. 
• The Eastern region refined products pipelines consist of 6-inch to 16-inch diameters refined product pipelines in Eastern, Central and North Central Pennsylvania, 8-inch refined products pipeline in western New York and various diameters refined products pipeline in New Jersey (including 80 miles of the 16-inch diameter Harbor Pipeline). 
• The JC Nolan Pipeline is a joint venture between a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunoco LP, which transports diesel fuel from a tank farm in Hebert, Texas to Midland, Texas, and was placed into service in July 2019 and has a throughput capacity of approximately 36 MBbls/d.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable, cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. We also offer integration and analytics capabilities in the cloud, as well as on-premises, to provide our customers more options to integrate and understand their data. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings. 
We provide the majority of our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also run our services on cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services and integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security, usability and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology and low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
estimated amount. We will record any future adjustments in the period during which the liability is confirmed or as new information becomes available. We expect to pay the liability over a period of 20 years from the date of the assessment. During 2018, within our North America segment, we recorded a discounted liability and related charge of $423 million or $316 million net of tax. We determined the net present value of the liability using a risk-free interest rate. We recorded the pre-tax non-cash charges in selling, general and administrative expense (and in other non-cash items, net in the consolidated statement of cash flows) and the liability in long-term other liabilities. During 2018, we also recorded $6 million of accreted interest related to the long-term liability within interest and other expense, net. 
As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. The provision for income taxes includes the amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. Our provision for income taxes is significantly affected by shifts in the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings across tax jurisdictions, changes in tax laws and regulations, tax planning opportunities available in each tax jurisdiction and the ultimate outcome of various tax audits. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of our assets and liabilities and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates that will apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
