WORLD KINECT CORP report:
While the pandemic and associated impacts on economic activity had a limited adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition in the beginning of 2020, we experienced a sharp decline in demand and related sales during the second quarter, as large sectors of the global economy were adversely impacted by the crisis. Demand showed some moderate improvement through the second half of 2020, however, our results remained well below pre-pandemic levels as described in greater detail below. Since the level of activity in our business and that of our customers has historically been driven by the level of economic activity globally, we generally expect these negative impacts to continue through 2021. Any subsequent recovery will be dependent on, among other things, the actions taken by governments and businesses to contain and combat the virus, the speed and effectiveness of vaccine development and distribution, as well as how quickly, and to what extent, normal economic and operating conditions can resume on a sustainable basis globally. 
Our aviation segment has benefited from growth in our fuel and related services offerings, as well as our improving logistics capability and the impact of expanding our aviation fueling operations footprint into additional international airport locations. However, as a result of COVID-19, the overall aviation market, principally commercial passenger airlines, has been significantly impacted by global travel restrictions and a sharp decrease in demand for air travel. Accordingly, during the second and through the fourth quarter of 2020, we experienced a material volume decline in our commercial aviation business as compared to 2019 and, to a somewhat lesser extent, a significant reduction in our business and general aviation activities. Our results of operations in these lines of business for 2021 will be highly contingent on the timing and extent to which international border and travel restrictions are lifted and the global economy begins to recover from the effects of the current crisis. 
Furthermore, our aviation segment has benefited from significant sales to NATO in Afghanistan, which accounts for a material portion of our aviation segment's profitability. The level of troop deployments and military-related activities can cause our government customer sales to vary significantly and materially impact our operating results. Specifically, the U.S. government has significantly reduced the level of U.S. troops in the Middle East, including the troops supporting NATO in Afghanistan. In connection therewith, in the early part of 2020, the U.S. entered into an agreement with the Taliban where it agreed to reduce the level of troops and negotiate a full withdrawal by 2021, subject to various conditions including a peace agreement being reached between the government of Afghanistan and the Taliban. The U.S. government has since moved forward with a significant reduction in the level of troops. While the exact timing and full impact of the troop withdrawal remain uncertain, we have experienced a material decline in demand since the end of the first quarter of 2020 and may continue to experience further reductions in demand into 2021 .

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the indefinite-life intangible assets annual impairment assessments for certain brand names is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value of the indefinite-life intangible assets for certain brand names; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates for certain brand names; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the indefinite-life intangible assets impairment assessments, including controls over the annual valuation of certain brand names. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management’s process for developing the fair value of the indefinite-life intangible assets for certain brand names; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the valuation methods; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates. Evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales and earnings growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the certain brand names; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with 
specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the Company’s valuation methods and (ii) the reasonableness of the royalty rate and discount rate significant assumptions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
PDH 2 is expected to have the capacity to upgrade 35 MBPD of propane into 1.65 billion pounds per year (equivalent to 25 MBPD) of PGP and begin service in the second quarter of 2023. Once PDH 2 is placed into service and integrated with PDH 1 and our other propylene production facilities, we will have the capability to produce 11 billion pounds of propylene per year.
Polymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS Chemical, a division of IHS Inc. (“IHS Chemical”). Refinery grade propylene (“RGP”) prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS Chemical.
The “Indicative Gas Processing Gross Spread” represents our generic estimate of the gross economic benefit from extracting NGLs from natural gas production based on certain pricing assumptions. Specifically, it is the amount by which the assumed economic value of a composite gallon of NGLs at Mont Belvieu, Texas exceeds the value of the equivalent amount of energy in natural gas at Henry Hub, Louisiana. Our estimate of the indicative spread does not consider the operating costs incurred by a natural gas processing facility to extract the NGLs nor the transportation and fractionation costs to deliver the NGLs to market. In addition, the actual gas processing spread earned at each plant is determined by regional pricing and extraction dynamics.
