COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
claims asserted in the federal action under the New York Labor Law and seeking preliminary approval of the class settlement. Cappadora and Sancho v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Index No. 604757/2022; Nassau County Supreme Court). Following final approval of the settlement, the case was dismissed on April 14, 2023. 
In August 2021, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting class claims on behalf of certain non-exempt employees under New York Labor Law for failure to pay on a weekly basis. Umadat v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:21-cv-4814; E.D.N.Y.). The Company filed an answer, denying the material allegations of the complaint. In August 2023, the parties reached an agreement in principle on a settlement for an immaterial amount. In April 2022, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting class claims on behalf of certain non-exempt employees under New York Labor Law, as well as under the Fair Labor Standards Act, for failure to pay on a weekly basis and failure to pay overtime. Burian v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:22-cv-02108; E.D.N.Y.). The case was settled for an immaterial amount and was dismissed with prejudice in May 2023. 
In February 2021, a former employee filed a class action against the Company alleging violations of California Labor Code regarding payment of wages, meal and rest periods, wage statements, reimbursement of expenses, payment of final wages to terminated employees, and for unfair business practices. Edwards v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 5:21-cv-00716: C.D. Cal.). On September 27, 2022, the parties reached a settlement for an immaterial amount, which is subject to court approval.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The EFS Midstream System serves producers in the Eagle Ford Shale, by providing condensate gathering and processing services as well as gathering, treating and compression services for associated natural gas. The EFS Midstream System includes 500 miles of gathering pipelines, 11 central gathering plants having a combined condensate storage capacity of 0.3 MMBbls, 201 MBPD of condensate stabilization capacity and 1.0 Bcf/d of associated natural gas treating capacity.
 • The Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System transports crude oil and condensate for producers in South Texas. The system, which is effectively looped and has a capacity to transport over 600 MBPD of light and medium grades of crude oil, consists of 390 miles of crude oil and condensate pipelines originating in Gardendale, Texas and extending to Corpus Christi, Texas. The system interconnects with our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System in Wilson County, Texas and our Corpus Christi marine terminal.
In addition to the operational storage capacity associated with our crude oil pipelines, we also own and operate crude oil terminals located in Houston, Midland and Beaumont, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma that are used to store crude oil for us and our customers. In conjunction with other aspects of our midstream network, our crude oil terminals provide Gulf Coast refiners with an integrated system featuring supply diversification, significant storage capabilities and a high capacity pipeline distribution system. Our system has access to an aggregate refining capacity of approximately 8 MMBPD.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition in the Established Pharmaceutical Products segment is generally from other health care and pharmaceutical companies. In addition, the substitution of generic drugs for the brand prescribed and introduction of additional forms of already marketed established products by generic or branded competitors may increase competitive pressures. 
These products include a broad line of diagnostic systems and tests manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories, clinics, physicians' offices, government agencies, alternate care testing sites, and plasma protein therapeutic companies from Abbott owned distribution centers, public warehouses or third party distributors. 
• core laboratory systems in the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology, and transfusion, including the Alinity® family of instruments, ARCHITECT®, ABBOTT PRISM®, and Cell-Dyn®, with assays used for screening and/or diagnosis for cancer, cardiac, metabolics, drugs of abuse, fertility, general chemistries, infectious diseases such as hepatitis and HIV, and therapeutic drug monitoring; • molecular diagnostics systems, including the m2000™, an instrument that automates the extraction, purification, and preparation of DNA and RNA from patient samples, and detects and measures infectious agents including HIV, HBV, HCV, HPV, and CT/NG; and the Vysis® FISH product line of genomic-based tests; • point of care systems, including the i-STAT® and next-generation i-STAT® Alinity® and cartridges for blood analysis; • rapid diagnostics systems in the areas of infectious disease, including respiratory illness such as influenza, HIV, and tropical diseases such as malaria and dengue fever; molecular point-of-care testing for HIV, including the m-PIMA™ HIV-1/2 Viral Load Test, and for influenza A & B, RSV and strep A, including the ID NOW™ rapid molecular system; cardiometabolic testing, including Afinion® and Cholestech™ platforms and tests; a toxicology business for drug and alcohol testing; and remote patient monitoring and consumer self-testing; and • informatics and automation solutions for use in laboratories, including laboratory automation systems, the RALS point of care solution, and AlinIQ™, a suite of informatics tools and professional services. The Diagnostic Products segment's products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
