SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company has operating leases for corporate offices, data centers, and equipment under noncancellable operating leases with various expiration dates. The leases have noncancellable remaining terms of 1 year to 18 years, some of which include options to extend for up to 5 years, and some of which include options to terminate within 1 year. 
Prior to the adoption of Topic 842 on February 1, 2019, the Company recognized operating lease costs on a straight-line basis once control of the space was achieved. Rent expense was $ 365 million for fiscal 2019. 
(1) As a result of the reassessment of the lease term of 350 Mission, the ROU asset and corresponding lease liability were remeasured to exclude the estimated lease payments for the renewal option periods and reclassified as operating leases, resulting in the derecognition of $ 262 million in buildings and building improvements. After remeasurement and reclassification, the lease represented $ 148 million in operating lease ROU assets. The $ 225 million in remeasured lease liabilities were also reclassified to operating lease liabilities during the period.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition in the Established Pharmaceutical Products segment is generally from other health care and pharmaceutical companies. In addition, the substitution of generic drugs for the brand prescribed and introduction of additional forms of already marketed established products by generic or branded competitors may increase competitive pressures. 
These products include a broad line of diagnostic systems and tests manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories, clinics, physicians' offices, government agencies, alternate care testing sites, and plasma protein therapeutic companies from Abbott owned distribution centers, public warehouses or third party distributors. 
• core laboratory systems in the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology, and transfusion, including the Alinity® family of instruments, ARCHITECT®, ABBOTT PRISM®, and Cell-Dyn®, with assays used for screening and/or diagnosis for cancer, cardiac, metabolics, drugs of abuse, fertility, general chemistries, infectious diseases such as hepatitis and HIV, and therapeutic drug monitoring; • molecular diagnostics systems, including the m2000™, an instrument that automates the extraction, purification, and preparation of DNA and RNA from patient samples, and detects and measures infectious agents including HIV, HBV, HCV, HPV, and CT/NG; and the Vysis® FISH product line of genomic-based tests; • point of care systems, including the i-STAT® and next-generation i-STAT® Alinity® and cartridges for blood analysis; • rapid diagnostics systems in the areas of infectious disease, including respiratory illness such as influenza, HIV, and tropical diseases such as malaria and dengue fever; molecular point-of-care testing for HIV, including the m-PIMA™ HIV-1/2 Viral Load Test, and for influenza A & B, RSV and strep A, including the ID NOW™ rapid molecular system; cardiometabolic testing, including Afinion® and Cholestech™ platforms and tests; a toxicology business for drug and alcohol testing; and remote patient monitoring and consumer self-testing; and • informatics and automation solutions for use in laboratories, including laboratory automation systems, the RALS point of care solution, and AlinIQ™, a suite of informatics tools and professional services. The Diagnostic Products segment's products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Global Smart Logistics Network. We believe that our integrated global air and ground network is the most extensive in the industry. We provide all types of package services (air, ground, domestic, international, commercial and residential) through a single pickup and delivery network. Our sophisticated engineering systems allow us to optimize network efficiency and asset utilization. 
Global Presence. We serve more than 220 countries and territories. We have a significant presence in all of the world’s major economies, allowing us to effectively and efficiently operate around the world. 
Cutting-Edge Technologies. We are a global leader in developing technologies that help our customers enhance their shipping and logistics business processes to lower costs, improve service and increase efficiency. We offer a variety of online tools that enable our customers to integrate UPS functionality into their own websites, deepening our customer relationships. These tools allow customers to send, manage and track their shipments, and also to provide their customers with better information services.
