WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The discussion below compares our actual and pro forma combined results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018  to the twelve months ended December 31, 2017 , respectively, as if the OWN and MTG transactions and the acquisition of Scripps Networks (collectively, "the Transactions") occurred on January 1, 2017. Management believes reviewing our actual operating results in addition to combined pro forma results is useful in identifying trends in, or reaching conclusions regarding, the overall operating performance of our businesses. This information has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP, is not intended to be a substitute for or superior to GAAP. Please see our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our combined U.S. Networks, International Networks and Corporate and Inter-Segment Eliminations pro forma information is based on the historical operating results of the respective businesses as applicable to each segment and includes adjustments directly attributable to the Transactions as if they had occurred on January 1, 2017, such as: 
Adjustments to remove items associated with the Transactions that will not have a continuing impact on the combined entity, such as transaction costs and the impact of employee retention agreements; and 
Adjustments do not include costs related to integration activities, cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined businesses. Pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of what our results would have been had we operated the acquired businesses since January 1, 2017 and should not be taken as indicative of the Company's future consolidated results of operations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our South Louisiana NGL Pipeline System and related storage facilities decreased a combined $22.6 million year-to-year primarily due to lower transportation volumes of 60 MBPD, which accounted for an $11.9 million decrease, and lower terminal revenues, which accounted for an additional $6.0 million decrease. Gross operating margin from our Lou-Tex NGL Pipeline decreased $8.4 million year-to-year primarily due to lower transportation volumes of 24 MBPD.
Gross operating margin from our Mont Belvieu storage facility decreased a net $16.6 million year-to-year primarily due to lower handling and throughput fee revenues, which accounted for a $45.6 million decrease, partially offset by higher storage fees, which accounted for a $32.1 million increase.
Gross operating margin from our South Texas NGL Pipeline System decreased $11.9 million year-to-year primarily due to lower pipeline capacity fee revenues earned from an affiliate pipeline. Transportation volumes on our South Texas NGL Pipeline System increased 15 MBPD year-to-year.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
As we work to accomplish these goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions across our full value chain, we are focused on helping to expand the use of regenerative agricultural methods, preserve forested protected lands, conserve resources such as water and energy and foster safe and equitable workplaces and communities. We continue to expand our raw material sourcing programs, such as Cocoa Life for cocoa and Harmony for wheat, and leverage our supplier relationships and industry-sector coalitions to promote the use of new agricultural methods and technologies and tools focused on improving yields and reducing related greenhouse gas emissions. Within our operations, we plan to increase our use of low-carbon technology to reduce emissions and increase our use of renewable energy. We also plan to invest in low-carbon solutions as we replace ovens and refrigerants and increase our use of recycled plastic and other types of packaging materials. 
In September 2021, we issued our first green bonds, raising nearly €2.0 billion or approximately $2.4 billion, further enabling us to cost-effectively fund eligible projects that align with our sustainability priorities in the areas of building a thriving ingredient supply chain and reducing our environmental impact. 
The Governance, Membership and Sustainability Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our environmental and social sustainability and well-being initiatives. Our ESG goals are part of our strategic planning process and are also embedded across our organization and within our annual incentive compensation program for our leadership. Our businesses and senior leaders work to deliver progress that is regularly reviewed with business leadership teams and our Board of Directors.
