ALLSTATE CORP report:
basis and reported in net income. In addition, reserves under the new guidance are required to be discounted using an upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yield that is updated through OCI at each reporting date. Current GAAP requires the measurement of reserves to utilize assumptions set at policy issuance unless updated current assumptions indicate that recorded reserves are deficient. 
The new guidance also requires DAC and other capitalized balances currently amortized in proportion to premiums or gross profits to be amortized on a constant level basis over the expected term for all long-duration insurance contracts. DAC will not be subject to loss recognition testing but will be reduced when actual lapse experience exceeds expected experience. The new guidance will no longer require adjustments to DAC and deferred sales inducement costs (“DSI”) related to unrealized gains and losses on investment securities supporting the related business. 
All market risk benefit product features will be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in net income with the exception of changes in the fair value attributable to changes in the reporting entity’s own credit risk, which are required to be recognized in OCI. Substantially all of the Company’s market risk benefits relate to variable annuities that are reinsured and therefore these impacts are not expected to be material to the Company.

SALESFORCE INC report:
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

BOEING CO report:
In February 2018, 2017 and 2016 , we granted to our executives 241,284 , 492,273 and 721,176 PBRSUs as part of our long-term incentive program. Compensation expense for the award is recognized over the three-year performance period based upon the grant date fair value. The grant date fair values were estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation model with the assumptions presented below. The model includes no expected dividend yield as the units earn dividend equivalents. 
Performance Awards are cash units that pay out based on the achievement of long-term financial goals at the end of a three-year period. Each unit has an initial value of $ 100 dollars. The amount payable at the end of the three-year performance period may be anywhere from $ 0 to $ 200 dollars per unit, depending on the Company’s performance against plan for a three-year period. The Compensation Committee has the discretion to pay these awards in cash, stock, or a combination of both after the three-year performance period. Compensation expense, based on the estimated performance payout, is recognized ratably over the performance period. 
During 2018, 2017 and 2016 , we granted Performance Awards to our executives as part of our long-term incentive program with the payout based on the achievement of financial goals for each three-year period following the grant date. The minimum payout amount is $ 0 and the maximum amount we could be required to pay out for the 2018, 2017 and 2016 Performance Awards is $ 369 , $ 332 and $ 310 , respectively. The 2016 grant is expected to be paid out in cash in March 2019 .
