COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In May 2019, an employee filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp . (Case No. 2:19-cv-01340; E.D. Cal.). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The Company has moved for partial summary judgement, and the parties have filed competing motions regarding class certification. In August 2019, the plaintiff filed a companion case in state court seeking penalties under PAGA. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. FCS053454; Sonoma County Superior Court). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The state court action has been stayed pending resolution of the federal action. 
In June 2019, an employee filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide meal and rest periods, itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Martinez v. Costco Wholesale Corp . (Case No. 3:19-cv-05624-EMC; N.D. Cal.). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In June 2021, the plaintiff agreed to dismiss his claims for failure to provide meal and rest breaks and to pay minimum wages. In July 2021, the parties reached an agreement settling for an immaterial amount the remaining claim and related derivative claims. 
In April 2020, an employee, alleging underpayment of sick pay, filed a class and representative action against the Company, alleging claims under California law for failure to pay all wages at termination and for Labor Code penalties under PAGA. Kristy v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 5:20-cv-04119; N.D. Cal.). The case was stayed due to the plaintiff's bankruptcy, and his individual claim was settled for an immaterial amount. A request for dismissal of the class and representative action is pending.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The specific, identifiable intangible assets of an acquired business depend largely upon the nature of its operations and include items such as customer relationships and contracts. The method used to value such assets depends on a number of factors, including the nature of the asset and the economic returns the asset is expected to generate.
Customer relationship intangible assets represent the estimated economic value assigned to commercial relationships acquired in connection with business combinations. In certain instances, the acquisition of these intangible assets provides us with access to customers in a defined resource basin and is analogous to having a franchise in a particular area. Efficient operation of the acquired assets (e.g., a natural gas gathering system) helps to support the commercial relationships with existing producers and provides us with opportunities to establish new ones within our existing asset footprint. The duration of this type of customer relationship is limited by the estimated economic life of the associated resource basin that supports the customer group. When estimating the economic life of a resource basin, we consider a number of factors, including reserve estimates and the economic viability of production and exploration activities.
In other situations, the acquisition of a customer relationship intangible asset provides us with access to customers whose hydrocarbon volumes are not attributable to specific resource basins. As with basin-specific customer relationships, efficient operation of the associated assets (e.g., a marine terminal that handles volumes originating from multiple sources) helps to support the commercial relationships with existing customers and provides us with opportunities to establish new ones. The duration of this type of customer relationship is typically limited to the term of the underlying service contracts, including assumed renewals.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2019, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $ 68 million of tax expense resulting from tax legislation enacted in the fourth quarter of 2019 in India. In 2018, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $ 98 million of net tax expense related to the settlement of Abbott’s 2014-2016 federal income tax audit in the U.S., partial settlement of the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group’s 2014 and 2015 federal income tax returns in the U.S. and audit settlements in various countries. In 2017, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $ 435 million of tax expense related to the gain on the sale of the AMO business.
Undistributed foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable. In the U.S., Abbott’s federal income tax returns through 2016 are settled except for the federal income tax returns of the former Alere consolidated group which are settled through 2015 and the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group which are settled through 2013. There are numerous other income tax jurisdictions for which tax returns are not yet settled, none of which are individually significant. Reserves for interest and penalties are not significant.
The following table summarizes the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits without regard to reduction in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such unrecognized tax benefits were settled:
