SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the accelerated shift to cloud and hosted service offerings and customer experience management solutions. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings and verticals. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The online advertising market continues to evolve as online users are migrating from traditional desktop to mobile and multiple-device usage. Also, there is a continued shift towards programmatic advertising which presents opportunities to connect online advertisers with the appropriate online users in a rapid environment. Our media business competes with other online search engines, advertising platforms, digital video services and social networks. We are experiencing pressure from search and desktop usage and believe the pressure in these sectors will continue. We are implementing initiatives to realize synergies across all of our media assets and build services around our core content pillars to diversify revenue and return to growth. 
In our Consumer segment, we expect to continue to attract new customers and maintain high-quality retail postpaid customers, capitalizing on demand for data services and providing our customers new ways of using wireless services in their daily lives. We expect that future connection growth will be driven by smartphones, tablets and other connected devices such as wearables. We believe the combination of our wireless network performance and Mix & Match unlimited plans provides a superior customer experience, supporting increased penetration of data services and the continued attraction and retention of higher valued retail postpaid connections. We expect to manage churn by providing a consistent, reliable experience on our wireless service and focusing on improving the customer experience through simplified pricing and continued focus in our distribution channels. We expect to continue to grow our Fios internet connections as we seek to increase our penetration rates within our Fios service areas, further supported by the demand for higher speed internet connections. In Fios video, the business continues to face ongoing pressure as observed throughout the linear television market. We expect to manage market pressure by offering customers a choice of video service, including options such as Mix & Match on Fios and other offerings. We have experienced continuing access line and DSL losses as customers have disconnected both primary and secondary lines and switched to alternative technologies such as wireless, Voice over Internet Protocol, and cable for voice and data services. 
In our Business segment, we offer wireless products and services to business and government customers across the U.S. We continue to grow our retail connections while operating in a competitive environment. We expect to maintain connection growth in part by adding capacity and density to our 4G LTE network, in addition to leading the build-out of our 5G network. We expect this connection growth, combined with our industry-leading network assets, will provide additional opportunities to sell solutions, such as those around security, advanced communications and professional services. We expect to expand our existing services offered to business customers through our Intelligent Edge Network, our multi-use platform.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The effect of implementing certain accounting standards on our financial results and financial condition is often based in part on market conditions at the time of implementation of the standard and other factors we are unable to determine prior to implementation. For this reason, we are sometimes unable to estimate the effect of certain pending accounting standards until the relevant authoritative body finalizes these standards or until we implement them. 
Preferred stock and additional capital paid-in, $1 par value, 25 million shares authorized, 92.5 thousand and 79.8 thousand shares issued and outstanding, $2,313 and $1,995 aggregate liquidation preference 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of The Allstate Corporation (the “Corporation”) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, primarily Allstate Insurance Company (“AIC”), a property and casualty insurance company with various property and casualty and life and investment subsidiaries, including Allstate Life Insurance Company (“ALIC”) (collectively referred to as the “Company” or “Allstate”). These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
