ALLSTATE CORP report:
and updates to mortality assumptions. The Company expects the most significant impacts will occur in the run-off annuity segment. The revised accounting for DAC will be applied prospectively using the new model and any DAC effects existing in AOCI as a result of applying existing GAAP at the date of adoption will be reversed. 
In December 2019, the FASB issued amendments to simplify the accounting for income taxes. The amendments eliminate certain exceptions in the existing guidance including those related to intraperiod tax allocation and deferred tax liability recognition when changes in control of equity method and foreign subsidiary investments occur. The amendments require recognition of the effect of an enacted change in tax laws or rates in the interim period that includes the enactment date, provide an option to not allocate taxes to a legal entity that is not subject to tax as well as other minor changes. The amendments are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020. The new guidance specifies which amendments should be applied prospectively, retrospective to all periods presented or on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained income as of the beginning of the year of adoption. The impact of adoption is not expected to be material to the Company’s results of operations or financial position. 
The Company changed its accounting principle for recognizing actuarial gains and losses and expected return on plan assets for its pension and other postretirement plans to a more preferable policy under U.S. GAAP. Under the new principle, remeasurement of

BOEING CO report:
Interest and debt expense increased by $115 million in 2018 as a result of higher debt balances and lower capitalized interest and increased by $54 million in 2017 as a result of lower capitalized interest. 
Cost of sales, for both products and services, consists primarily of raw materials, parts, sub-assemblies, labor, overhead and subcontracting costs. Our BCA segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales. Under program accounting, cost of sales for each commercial airplane program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. For long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. Substantially all contracts at our BDS segment, certain military derivative aircraft contracts at BCA and certain contracts at our BGS segment are long-term contracts with the U.S. government and other customers that generally extend over several years. Costs on these contracts are recorded as incurred. 
Research and development expense in 2017 decreased by $1,447 million compared with 2016 primarily due to the reclassification of $1,235 million of costs from inventory in the second quarter of 2016 related to the fourth and fifth 787 flight test aircraft as well as lower spending on the 737 MAX, 787-10, and 777X.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Foreign currency derivative contracts are marked-to-market at the end of each reporting period with gains and losses recognized as other expense to offset the gains or losses resulting from the settlement or remeasurement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the obligations of the Company to the counterparties. 
The Company measures its cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts at fair value. In addition, the Company measures its strategic investments, including its publicly held equity securities, privately held debt securities and privately held equity securities for which there has been an observable price change in a same or similar security, at fair value. The additional disclosures regarding the Company’s fair value measurements are included in Note 5 “Fair Value Measurement.” 
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts and any loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses.
