MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Year-end discount rates for our U.S., Canadian and U.K. plans were developed from a model portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments with durations that match the expected future cash flows of the benefit obligations. Year-end discount rates for our remaining non-U.S. plans were developed from local bond indices that match local benefit obligations as closely as possible. Changes in our discount rates were primarily the result of changes in bond yields year-over-year. Our expected health care cost trend rate is based on historical costs. 
For the periods presented, we measure service and interest costs for other postretirement benefits by applying the specific spot rates along a yield curve used to measure plan obligations to the plans’ liability cash flows. We believe this approach provides a good measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans’ liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. 
We made contributions to multiemployer medical plans totaling $ 19 million in 2021, $ 20 million in 2020 and $ 20 million in 2019. These plans provide medical benefits to active employees and retirees under certain collective bargaining agreements.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Commodity Risk Management Activities. The unrealized gains and losses on our commodity risk management activities include changes in fair value of commodity derivatives and the hedged inventory included in designated fair value hedging relationships. Information on the unrealized gains and losses within each segment are included in “Segment Operating Results” below, and additional information on the commodity-related derivatives, including notional volumes, maturities and fair values, is available in “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 
Losses on Extinguishments of Debt. Year ended December 31, 2020 amounts were related to Senior Note redemption in January 2020. In addition, Sunoco LP recognized a $13 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to the repurchase of its outstanding 2023 senior notes in 2020. 
Impairment of Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliate. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Partnership recorded an impairment to its investment in White Cliffs of $129 million due to a decrease in projected future revenues and cash flows as a result of the overall market demand decline that occurred subsequent to the SemGroup acquisition and related purchase price allocation in December 2019.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
(a) Property and equipment includes assets acquired under finance lease arrangements, primarily satellite transponders classified as broadcast equipment. Assets acquired under finance lease arrangements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the terms of the related leases. (See Note 9.) 
Capitalized software costs are for internal use. The net book value of capitalized software costs was $ 176 million and $ 136 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. The related accumulated amortization was $ 343 million and $ 304 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 
(a) As of January 1, 2018 , upon adoption of ASU 2016-01, equity investments with readily determinable fair value for which the Company has the intent to retain the investment are measured at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in other expense, net. (See Note 4.)
