WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
With the growing demand for consumer content on digital and mobile devices, a suite of international DTC products has been made available to consumers. dplay, our real-life entertainment streaming service, was rebranded to our new global streaming service, discovery+. The remainder of the dplay markets, including the UK, Ireland, the Nordics, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands and Brazil followed in 2021. Discovery expanded its DTC offerings in 2021 by leveraging its library of local-language content, as well as its broad portfolio of live sports. Eurosport’s existing streaming service, Eurosport Player, offers premium and localized sports to fans in Europe. This service is expected to continue to be available until discovery+ launches in each market and Eurosport Player's content is fully integrated onto the service in those markets. 
During summer 2021, discovery+ became the streaming home of the Olympics in Europe (excluding Russia) with live and on-demand access to the Tokyo Olympic Games 2020. Eurosport and Discovery are official broadcasters of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Paris 2024 Summer Olympics. 
In Germany, we are partners with ProSiebenSat.1 in the streaming joint venture, Joyn, which offers a collection of free and pay TV content, including series, documentaries, media libraries and sports content from ProSiebenSat.1, Discovery and other content partners, all bundled on one platform.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
PSUs vest based on varying performance, market and service conditions. Dividend equivalents accumulated over the vesting period are paid after vesting. The grant date fair value of PSUs is determined based on the Monte Carlo simulation model for the market-based component and the market price of our Common Stock on the grant date for performance-based components. The final award may equal 0 - 200 percent of the target grant, based on the achievement of the performance and market-based components . 
We provide a range of benefits to our current and retired employees including pension benefits, defined contribution plan benefits, postretirement health care benefits and postemployment primarily severance-related benefits depending upon local statutory requirements, employee tenure and service requirements as well as other factors. The cost for these plans is recognized in earnings primarily over the working life of the covered employee. 
We use financial instruments to manage our currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program, which focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. A principal objective of our risk management strategies is to reduce significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations that may arise from volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
organized as a master limited partnership will not be precluded in a future proceeding from arguing and providing evidentiary support that it is entitled to an income tax allowance and demonstrating that its recovery of an income tax allowance does not result in a double-recovery of investors’ income tax costs. On July 31, 2020, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued an opinion upholding the FERC’s decision denying a separate master limited partnership recovery of an income tax allowance and its decision not to require the master limited partnership to refund accumulated deferred income tax balances. In light of the rehearing order’s clarification regarding an individual entity’s ability to argue in support of recovery of an income tax allowance and the court’s subsequent opinion upholding denial of an income tax allowance to a master limited partnership, the impact of the FERC’s policy on the treatment of income taxes on the rates we can charge for FERC-regulated transportation services is unknown at this time. 
Even without application of the FERC’s recent rate making-related policy statements and rulemakings, the FERC or our shippers may challenge the cost-of-service rates we charge. The FERC’s establishment of a just and reasonable rate is based on many components, including ROE and tax-related components, but also other pipeline costs that will continue to affect FERC’s determination of just and reasonable cost of service rates. Moreover, we receive revenues from our pipelines based on a variety of rate structures, including cost-of-service rates, negotiated rates, discounted rates and market-based rates. Many of our interstate pipelines, such as ETC Tiger, Midcontinent Express and Fayetteville Express, have negotiated market rates that were agreed to by customers in connection with long-term contracts entered into to support the construction of the pipelines. Other systems, such as FGT, Transwestern and Panhandle, have a mix of tariff rate, discount rate, and negotiated rate agreements. The revenues we receive from natural gas transportation services we provide pursuant to cost-of-service based rates may decrease in the future as a result of changes to FERC policies, combined with the reduced corporate federal income tax rate established in the Tax Act. The extent of any revenue reduction related to our cost-of-service rates, if any, will depend on a detailed review of all of our cost-of-service components and the outcomes of any challenges to our rates by the FERC or our shippers. 
On July 18, 2018, the FERC issued a final rule establishing procedures to evaluate rates charged by the FERC-jurisdictional gas pipelines in light of the Tax Act and the FERC’s Revised Policy Statement. By the Order issued January 16, 2019, the FERC initiated a review of Panhandle’s existing rates pursuant to Section 5 of the NGA to determine whether the rates currently charged by Panhandle are just and reasonable and set the matter for hearing. On August 30, 2019, Panhandle filed a general rate proceeding under Section 4 of the NGA. The Natural Gas Act Section 5 and Section 4 proceedings were consolidated by order of the Chief Judge on October 1, 2019. A hearing in the combined proceedings commenced on August 25, 2020 and adjourned on September 15, 2020. The initial decision by the administrative law judge was issued on March 26, 2021. On April 26, 2021, Panhandle filed its brief on exceptions to the initial decision. On May 17, 2021, Panhandle filed its brief opposing exceptions in this proceeding. This matter remains pending before the FERC.
