SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and, in fiscal 2021, our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Demand – We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. While gum and candy category growth was down due to less on-the-go consumption, the overall snack category continued to grow in 2020, in part due to increased consumer demand for snacks purchases for in-home consumption during the COVID-19 outbreak. As part of our strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets and improving our availability across multiple channels. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. 
Long-Term Demographics and Consumer Trends – Snack food consumption is highly correlated to GDP growth, urbanization of populations and rising discretionary income levels associated with a growing middle class, particularly in emerging markets. Our recent research underscores the growth of snacking worldwide and how behavior, sentiment and routines surrounding food are being reshaped by COVID-19. Snacking, which was already increasing among consumers, has accelerated further in 2020 as consumers spend more time at home, according to the second annual State of Snacking report, commissioned by Mondelēz International and issued in November 2020. The report was conducted in conjunction with consumer poll specialist The Harris Poll and summarizes the findings from interviews with thousands of consumers across 12 countries. The report shows that consumers see snacking as an important source of comfort, connection and community, especially during the past year. For many, snacking offers moments of satisfaction and peace, with a majority of respondents noting it has helped distract them from a challenging year. 
Volatility of Global Markets – Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in emerging markets. Some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. As further discussed in COVID-19 above and in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, volatility in global consumer, commodity, currency and capital markets increased significantly during 2020 and is expected to continue until the COVID-19 outbreak is largely resolved. See also below for a discussion of Brexit as well as Argentina, which was designated a highly inflationary economy in 2018. In addition, the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities and potential changes in U.S. trade programs, trade relations, regulations, taxes or fiscal policies might negatively affect our sales or profitability. To help mitigate adverse effects of ongoing volatility across markets, we aim to protect profitability through the management of costs (including hedging) and pricing as well as targeted investments in our brands and new routes to market.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Volumes. For the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the prior year, gathered volumes increased primarily due to increases in the Northeast, Permian, Ark-La-Tex, South Texas and North Texas regions. NGL production increased due to increases in the Permian and North Texas regions partially offset by ethane rejection in the South Texas region. 
Segment Margin . The table below presents the components of our midstream segment margin. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the amounts previously reported for fee-based and non-fee-based margin have been adjusted to reflect reclassification of 
• a decrease of $200 million in non-fee-based margin due to lower NGL prices of $183 million and lower gas prices of $50 million, offset by an increase of $33 million in non-fee-based margin due to increased throughput volume in North Texas and Permian regions;
