ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. Factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of which products have been sold subject to a rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. Using historical trends, adjusted for current changes, Abbott estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when Abbott records its sale of the product. Settlement of the rebate generally occurs from one to six months after sale. Abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs. Historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income.
Other allowances charged against gross sales include cash discounts and returns, which are not significant. Cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore can be reliably estimated. Returns can be reliably estimated because Abbott's historical returns are low, and because sales return terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods. Product warranties are also not significant.
Abbott also applies judgment in determining the timing of revenue recognition related to contracts that include multiple performance obligations. The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. For goods or services for which observable standalone selling prices are not available, Abbott uses an expected cost plus a margin approach to estimate the standalone selling price of each performance obligation.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
With stable to higher energy commodity prices and continued improvements in drilling and completion technologies, we expect continued strong investments, including both drilling and well completion activities, by producers during 2019 in and around our assets in the Permian Basin, Eagle Ford Shale, Haynesville Shale and Rocky Mountain regions. Furthermore, we believe that our assets in these areas are very competitive in providing midstream services. We also believe that production basins, along with supporting midstream infrastructure such as our integrated network, located closest to prime markets on the U.S. Gulf Coast will continue to be preferred by producers due to more favorable economics as compared to other more distant areas (mostly due to lower transportation costs). 
Global economic growth continues to drive increasing demand for petroleum-based products. In December 2018, the International Energy Agency (“IEA”) reported that global demand for crude oil and NGLs grew by a combined 1.3 MMBPD in 2018 and expects demand to grow by 1.4 MMBPD in 2019. The IEA anticipates that overall demand for crude oil and NGLs by the countries represented by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) would decline by approximately 0.7 MMBPD between 2019 and 2023, while non-OECD demand would increase by 5 MMBPD over the same period. The IEA expects that petrochemicals will account for approximately 40% of the increase in global demand for crude oil and NGLs over this period. 
The North American “shale revolution” has made the U.S. the global, low-cost supplier of NGLs. We expect this trend to continue into 2019 and beyond supported by, among other things, the ability of U.S. shale producers to improve productivity and reduce development costs, higher demand in developing economies for crude oil and related hydrocarbons, and regulatory changes favoring the use of clean-burning fuels and low-sulfur hydrocarbons such as those found in domestic shale oil basins. We continue to foresee a variety of long-term demand-side opportunities from these developments, including higher demand from a resurgent U.S. petrochemical industry and increased exports of hydrocarbons (e.g., ethane, LPG and crude oil) to growing international markets.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 52 Weeks Ended 52 Weeks Ended 52 Weeks Ended August 29, 2021 August 30, 2020 September 1, 2019 REVENUE Net sales $ 192,052   $ 163,220   $ 149,351   Membership fees 3,877   3,541   3,352   Total revenue 195,929   166,761   152,703   OPERATING EXPENSES Merchandise costs 170,684   144,939   132,886   Selling, general and administrative 18,461   16,332   14,994   Preopening expenses 76   55   86   Operating income 6,708   5,435   4,737   OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Interest expense ( 171 ) ( 160 ) ( 150 ) Interest income and other, net 143   92   178   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 6,680   5,367   4,765   Provision for income taxes 1,601   1,308   1,061   Net income including noncontrolling interests 5,079   4,059   3,704   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
