WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• Studios - Our Studios segment primarily consists of the production and release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, production and initial licensing of television programs to third parties and our networks/DTC services, distribution of our films and television programs to various third party and internal television and streaming services, distribution through the home entertainment market (physical and digital), related consumer products and themed experience licensing, and interactive gaming. 
We continue to closely monitor the ongoing impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business and geographies; however, the nature and full extent of COVID-19’s effects on our operations and results are not yet known and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Certain key sources of revenue for the Studios segment, including theatrical revenues, original television productions, studio operations, and themed entertainment, have been adversely impacted by governmentally imposed shutdowns and related labor interruptions and constraints on consumer activity, particularly in the context of public entertainment venues, such as cinemas and theme parks. 
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries in which a controlling interest is maintained, including variable interest entities (“VIE”) for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. For each non-wholly owned subsidiary, the Company evaluates its ownership and other interests to determine whether it should consolidate the entity or account for its ownership interest as an unconsolidated investment. As part of its evaluation, the Company makes judgments in determining whether the entity is a VIE and, if so, whether it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE and is thus required to consolidate the entity. (See Note 10.) If it is concluded that an entity is not a VIE, then the Company considers its proportional voting interests in the entity. The Company consolidates majority-owned subsidiaries in which a controlling financial interest is maintained. A controlling financial interest is determined by majority ownership and the absence of significant third-party participating rights. Ownership interests in entities for which the Company has significant influence that are not consolidated are accounted for as equity method investments.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Adjusted EPS increased 13.6% to $2.43 in 2018 and increased 16.3% to $2.14 in 2017 . On a constant currency basis, Adjusted EPS increased 15.0% to $2.46 in 2018 and increased 15.8% to $2.13 in 2017 . For 2018 , operating gains, lower shares outstanding, increased equity method investment earnings, lower taxes and lower interest drove the Adjusted EPS growth. For 2017, operating gains, lower interest expense, increased equity method investment earnings and lower shares outstanding were the significant drivers of Adjusted EPS growth. Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis are non-GAAP financial measures. We use these measures as they provide improved year-over-year comparability of our underlying results (see the definition of Adjusted EPS and our reconciliation with diluted EPS within Non-GAAP Financial Measures appearing later in this section). 
We seek to achieve profitable, long-term growth and manage our business to attain this goal using our key operating metrics: Organic Net Revenue, Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted EPS. We use these non-GAAP financial metrics and related computations, particularly growth in profit dollars, to evaluate and manage our business and to plan and make near-and long-term operating and strategic decisions. As such, we believe these metrics are useful to investors as they provide supplemental information in addition to our U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“U.S. GAAP”) financial results. We believe it is useful to provide investors with the same financial information that we use internally to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and evaluate our business. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures should always be considered in relation to our GAAP results. We have provided reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures in Non-GAAP Financial Measures, which appears later in this section. 
Long-Term Demographics and Consumer Trends – Snack food consumption is highly correlated to GDP growth, urbanization of populations and rising discretionary income levels associated with a growing middle class, particularly in emerging markets. Over the long term, we expect these trends to continue leading to growth in consumer behaviors such as more frequent, smaller meals, snacking and greater use of convenience foods. We also recognize changing consumer trends such as the increased emphasis on well-being, time compression and wide participation across an evolving retail and digital landscape. To position ourselves for long-term growth, we are investing in our well-being and other snack offerings, product and marketing innovation and new routes to market including e-commerce.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We may be named as defendants in legal proceedings in connection with our normal business activities. Although we are insured against various risks to the extent we believe it is prudent, there is no assurance that the nature and amount of such insurance will be adequate, in every case, to fully indemnify us against losses arising from legal proceedings. We will vigorously defend our partnership in litigation matters.
On occasion, we are assessed monetary penalties by governmental authorities related to administrative or judicial proceedings involving environmental matters . In June 2019, we received a Notice of Violation from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in connection with regulatory requirements applicable to facilities that we operate in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The eventual resolution of this matter may result in monetary sanctions in excess of $0.3 million; however, we do not expect such expenditures to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and related information for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, including applicable year-to-year comparisons, should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the United States (“U.S.”).
