WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
A receivable is recorded when there is an unconditional right to consideration based on a contract with a customer. A contract liability, i.e. deferred revenue, is recorded when cash is received in advance of the Company's performance. The following table presents (in millions) the Company’s opening and closing balances of receivables and deferred revenues, as well as activity since the beginning of the period. 
(b) This column includes Scripps Networks accounts receivable and deferred revenues balances of $783 million  and $122 million , respectively, as of March 6, 2018 , the date of the acquisition. (See Note 3.) 
(c) This column includes the impact of the sale of the Education Business on April 30, 2018 . (See Note 3.) As of the sale date, accounts receivable and deferred revenue balances were $32 million  and $74 million , respectively.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Represents scheduled future maturities of our current and long-term debt principal obligations. For information regarding our consolidated debt obligations, see Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Estimated cash payments for interest are based on the principal amount of our consolidated debt obligations outstanding at December 31, 2019, the contractually scheduled maturities of such balances, and the applicable interest rates. Our estimated cash payments for interest are influenced by the long-term maturities of our $2.65 billion in junior subordinated notes (due June 2067 through February 2078). The estimated cash payments assume that (i) the junior subordinated notes are not repaid prior to their respective maturity dates and (ii) the amount of interest paid on the junior subordinated notes is based on either (a) the current fixed interest rate charged or (b) the weighted-average variable rate paid in 2019, as applicable, for each note through the respective maturity date .
Primarily represents (i) land held pursuant to property leases, (ii) the lease of underground storage caverns for natural gas and NGLs, (iii) the lease of transportation equipment used in our operations and (iv) office space leased from affiliates of EPCO.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company sells and otherwise provides proprietary shop cards that do not expire and are redeemable at the warehouse or online for merchandise or membership. Revenue from shop cards is recognized upon redemption, and estimated breakage is recognized based on redemption data. The Company accounts for outstanding shop card balances as a shop card liability, net of estimated breakage. 
Citibank, N.A. (“Citi”) became the exclusive issuer of co-branded credit cards to U.S. members in June 2016. The Company receives various forms of consideration, including a royalty on purchases made on the card outside of Costco, a portion of which, after giving rise to estimated breakage, is used to fund the rebate that cardholders receive. The rebates are issued in February and expire on December 31. Breakage is estimated based on redemption data. 
Merchandise costs consist of the purchase price or manufacturing costs of inventory sold, inbound and outbound shipping charges and all costs related to the Company’s depot, fulfillment and manufacturing operations, including freight from depots to selling warehouses, and are reduced by vendor consideration. Merchandise costs also include salaries, benefits, depreciation, and utilities in fresh foods and certain ancillary departments.
