SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling. For example, we see significant opportunity to expand multi-offering adoption with our existing customers, including our largest enterprise customers and small businesses. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customer experience with new products, premium editions and additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. We also seek to expand all editions of our service offerings with new features, functions and increased security through our own development, acquisitions and partnerships. In addition, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Our goal is to become our customers’ digital trusted advisor, inspiring enterprise-wide digital transformation and accelerating strategic engagements through direct discussions with the highest levels of our customers' executive management. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities globally. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in major regions globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to increase our investment in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Expanding into new categories and verticals. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories driven by our existing and potential customers’ needs, including analytics, e-commerce, collaboration, integration and workforce management, and expect to continue this type of category expansion in the future. For example, in fiscal 2021, we introduced Work.com in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Work.com offers new technology solutions and resources to help business and community leaders around the world reopen safely, re-skill employees and respond efficiently on the heels of the pandemic. Work.com also offers employee experience solutions to keep employees engaged and productive with easy-to-use apps. In addition, to better meet the needs of our customers, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences and education and non-profit. These solutions help to expand our potential customer base and help to attract new customers.

BOEING CO report:
( 31 ) 0.2   ( 229 ) 10.1   Tax deductible dividends ( 13 ) 0.1   ( 53 ) 2.4   Income tax (benefit)/expense ($ 743 ) 14.7   % ($ 2,535 ) 17.5   % ($ 1,623 ) 71.8   % 
(1) On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted, which includes a five year net operating loss (NOL) carryback provision which enabled us to benefit from the 2020 U.S. federal tax NOL at the former federal tax rate of 35 %. In 2021 and 2020, we recorded tax expense of $ 3 and tax benefits of $ 1,175 related to the NOL carryback provision. 
(3)   In the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded a tax benefit of $ 587 related to the settlement of the 2015-2017 federal tax audit. In the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded a tax benefit of $ 371 related to the settlement of state tax audits spanning 15 tax years.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We have provided a guaranty to the Director of the Illinois Department of Agriculture as Trustee for Bunge North America, Inc. ("BNA"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by BNA, to grain producers and/or depositors in the State of Illinois who have delivered commodities to BNA's Illinois facilities. 
In addition, we have provided full and unconditional parent level guarantees of the outstanding indebtedness under certain credit facilities entered into, and senior notes issued by, our subsidiaries. At December 31, 2020, our consolidated balance sheet includes debt with a carrying amount of $6,760 million related to these guarantees. This debt includes the senior notes issued by two of our 100% owned finance subsidiaries, Bunge Limited Finance Corp. and Bunge Finance Europe B.V. There are largely no restrictions on the ability of Bunge Limited Finance Corp. and Bunge Finance Europe B.V. or any other Bunge subsidiary to transfer funds to Bunge Limited. 
The following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at December 31, 2020, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.
