SALESFORCE INC report:
Data Privacy. Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with their own customers. The privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect is a top priority. Our customer agreements and our privacy policies (which are publicly available on our website) describe how we safeguard data with an effective privacy and security program. We also offer resources to help our customers operate globally in compliance with privacy laws such as General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act. 
Equality . We invest in programs designed to enhance employee success and create a safe, healthy and engaging working environment that fosters our core value of equality for all. Refer to our “Human Capital Management” Section in Item 1 of Part I for details. 
Racial Equality and Justice Task Force. In fiscal 2021 we launched our Racial Equality and Justice Task Force to help drive systemic change in our workplace and community. To create the task force, we invited employees from across the business, as well as leaders of our Black employee resource group, to help guide our vision, which includes our focus on the four pillars of “People, Purchasing, Philanthropy and Policy.” Our vision and goals have been formalized in a new Racial Equality and Justice V2MOM, which is an internal management tool that incorporates our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Key risks are assessed and reported through comprehensive ERRM reports prepared for senior management and the RRC. The risk summary report communicates alignment of Allstate’s risk profile with risk and return principles while providing a perspective on risk position. Discussion promotes active engagement with management and the RRC. Internal controls over key risks are managed and reported to senior management and the Audit Committee of the Company through a semiannual risk control dashboard. Annually, we review risks related to the strategic plan, operating plan and incentive compensation programs with the Allstate Board. 
Framework We apply these principles using an integrated ERRM framework that focuses on assessment, transparency and dialogue. Our framework provides a comprehensive view of risks and is used by senior management and business managers to drive risk-return based decisions. We continually validate and improve our ERRM practices by benchmarking and obtaining external perspectives. 
Management and the ERRC rely on internal and external perspectives to determine an appropriate level of target economic capital. Internal perspectives include enterprise solvency and volatility assessments, stress scenarios, model assumptions and management judgment. External considerations include NAIC risk-based capital as well as S&P’s, Moody’s, and A.M. Best’s capital adequacy measurement. Our economic capital reflects management’s view of the aggregate level of capital necessary to satisfy stakeholder interests, manage Allstate’s risk profile and maintain financial strength. The impact of strategic initiatives on enterprise risk is evaluated through the economic capital framework.

BOEING CO report:
Executive Long-Term Incentive Program Employee Long-Term Incentive Program Other Number of units: Outstanding at beginning of year 905,025   908,321   Granted 1,103,608   5,163,425   196,818   Dividends 7,091   7,303   Forfeited ( 104,374 ) ( 33,896 ) Distributed ( 487,749 ) ( 329,227 ) Outstanding at end of year 1,423,601   5,163,425   749,319   Unrecognized compensation cost $ 237   $ 973   $ 102   
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (PBRSUs) are stock units that pay out based on the Company’s total shareholder return as compared to a group of peer companies over a three-year period. The award payout can range from 0 % to 200 % of the initial PBRSU grant. The PBRSUs granted under this program will vest at the payout amount and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an executive terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability, or death, the employee (or beneficiary) remains eligible under the award and, if the award is earned, will receive a proration of stock units based on active employment during the three-year service period. In all other cases, the PBRSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. 
In February 2020, 2019 and 2018, we granted to our executives 290,202 , 214,651 and 241,284 PBRSUs as part of our long-term incentive program. Compensation expense for the award is recognized over the three-year performance period based upon the grant date fair value. The grant date fair values were estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation model with the assumptions presented below. The model includes no expected dividend yield as the units earn dividend equivalents.
