WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In a high fuel price environment, cash and liquidity is a significant priority for us. Our primary use of cash and liquidity is to fund working capital and strategic investments. Increases in fuel prices can negatively affect liquidity by increasing the amount of cash required to fund fuel purchases. In addition, while we are usually extended unsecured trade credit from our suppliers for our fuel purchases, rising fuel prices may reduce the amount of fuel we can purchase on an unsecured basis, and in certain cases, we may be required to prepay fuel purchases, which would negatively impact our liquidity. Fuel price increases may also negatively impact our customers, where they may not be able to purchase as much fuel from us because of their credit limits with us and the resulting adverse impact on their business could cause them to be unable to make payments owed to us for fuel purchased on credit. They may also choose to reduce the amount of fuel they consume in their operations to reduce costs. In any such event, the volume of orders from our customers may thereafter decrease and we may not be able to replace lost volumes with new or existing customers. 
We believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2018 and available funds from our Credit Facility, together with cash flows generated by operations, remain sufficient to fund our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. In addition, to further enhance our liquidity profile, we may choose to raise additional funds which may or may not be needed for additional working capital, capital expenditures or other strategic investments. Our opinions concerning liquidity are based on currently available information. To the extent this information proves to be inaccurate, or if circumstances change, future availability of trade credit or other sources of financing may be reduced and our liquidity would be adversely affected. Factors that may affect the availability of trade credit or other forms of financing include our financial performance (as measured by various factors, including cash provided by operating activities), the state of worldwide credit markets, and our levels of outstanding debt. Depending on the severity and direct impact of these factors on us, financing may be limited or unavailable on terms favorable to us. 
The following table reflects the major categories of cash flows for 2018 , 2017 and 2016 . For additional details, please see the consolidated statements of cash flows in the consolidated financial statements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Fair value estimates for private debt placements are calculated using standardized valuation methods, including but not limited to income-based techniques such as discounted cash flow projections or market-based techniques utilizing public and private transaction multiples as comparables. 
Fair value estimates for real estate investments are calculated by investment managers using the present value of future cash flows expected to be received from the investments, based on valuation methodologies such as appraisals, local market conditions, and current and projected operating performance. 
Fair value estimates for certain fixed-income securities such as insurance contracts are calculated based on the future stream of benefit payments discounted using prevailing interest rates based on the valuation date.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The results of operations from crude oil terminals are primarily dependent upon the level of volumes stored and the length of time such storage occurs, including the level of firm storage capacity reserved, pumpover volumes and the fees associated with each activity. If the terminal offers marine services, the results of operations from these activities are primarily dependent upon the level of volumes handled (loading and unloading) and the associated fees we charge for such services.
 • The EHT marine terminal located on the Houston Ship Channel includes export assets capable of loading up to 2.0 MMBPD, or 62 MMBbls per month, of crude oil. The crude oil terminal at EHT represents one of the largest such facilities on the Gulf Coast. As noted previously, EHT can accommodate vessels with up to a 45-foot draft, including Suezmax tankers, which are the largest tankers that can navigate the Houston Ship Channel.
 • The ECHO terminal is located in Houston, Texas and provides storage customers with access to major refineries located in the Houston, Texas City and Beaumont/Port Arthur areas. Beginning in March 2022, the ECHO terminal will be one of two physical delivery points for the Midland WTI American Gulf Coast futures contract (“HOU”) traded on the Intercontinental Exchange (“ICE”). ECHO also has connections to marine terminals, including EHT, that provide access to any refinery on the U.S. Gulf Coast and international markets.
