ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Orla facility will be completed in three stages. The first processing train (“Orla I”), which commenced operations in May 2018, has a natural gas processing capacity of 300 MMcf/d and the capability to extract more than 40 MBPD of mixed NGLs. In conjunction with the start-up of Orla I, we placed into service approximately 70 miles of residue natural gas pipelines that connect Orla to our Texas Intrastate System. We also placed into service a 30-mile extension of our NGL system that provides customers at Orla with NGL takeaway capacity and direct access to our integrated network of downstream NGL assets. A second processing train (“Orla II”), which commenced operations in October 2018, added 300 MMcf/d of incremental processing capacity to the Orla facility and increased the overall extraction rate for mixed NGLs up to 80 MBPD. A third processing train (Orla III) is scheduled to be completed in the second quarter of 2019. Once Orla III is completed, the Orla facility will have 900 MMcf/d of total processing capacity and allow us to extract up to 120 MBPD of mixed NGLs. 
Mentone natural gas processing facility. In October 2018, we announced that construction of our Mentone cryogenic natural gas processing plant had commenced. The Mentone plant, which is located in Loving County, Texas, is expected to have the capacity to process 300 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract more than 40 MBPD of NGLs. The project is scheduled to be completed in the first quarter of 2020 and is supported by a long-term acreage dedication agreement. 
The Mentone plant further extends our presence in the growing Delaware Basin and provides access to our fully integrated midstream asset network. To support the development of Mentone, we are constructing approximately 70 miles of gathering and residue pipelines and expanding compression capabilities. These projects will allow the Mentone plant to link to our NGL system, including the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline which entered limited commercial service in February 2019, as well as our Texas Intrastate System. We will own and operate the Mentone facility and related infrastructure.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our liquidity, consisting principally of cash and availability under our Credit Facility, fluctuates based on a number of factors, including the timing of receipts from our customers and payments to our suppliers, changes in fuel prices, as well as our financial performance. 
We rely on credit arrangements with banks, suppliers and other parties as an important source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by our operating cash flow. Future market volatility, generally, and any persistent weakness in global energy markets may adversely affect our ability to access capital and credit markets or to obtain funds at reasonable interest rates or on other advantageous terms. In addition, since our business is impacted by the availability of trade credit to fund fuel purchases, an actual or perceived decline in our liquidity or business generally could cause our suppliers to reduce our credit lines, seek credit support in the form of additional collateral or otherwise materially modify our payment terms. 
During times of high fuel prices, our customers may not be able to purchase as much fuel from us because of their credit limits with us and the resulting adverse impact on their business could cause them to be unable to make payments owed to us for fuel purchased on credit. Furthermore, when fuel prices increase our working capital requirements increase and our own credit limits could prevent us from purchasing enough fuel from our suppliers to meet our customers’ demands, or we could be required to prepay for fuel purchases, any of which would adversely impact our liquidity.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
As described in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s consolidated non-amortizable intangible assets balance was $17.3 billion as of December 31, 2019, and an impairment charge of $57 million was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2019. Annually, management assesses non-amortizable intangible assets, which principally consist of brand names, for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of the non-amortizable intangible assets. If significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, management quantitatively tests the asset for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. Management estimates fair value for each asset using several accepted valuation methods, including relief of royalty, excess earnings and excess margin, that utilize estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates.
