WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Unrecognized Income Tax Liabilities. As of December 31, 2018 , our gross liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits (“Unrecognized Tax Liabilities”), including penalties and interest, were $70.2 million . The timing of any settlement of our Unrecognized Tax Liabilities with the respective taxing authority cannot be reasonably estimated. 
Additionally, we have certain purchase contracts, that run through 2026, under which we agreed to purchase annually between 1.76 million barrels and 2.02 million barrels of aviation fuel at future market prices. 
Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees. In the normal course of business, we are required to provide letters of credit to certain suppliers. A majority of these letters of credit expire within one year from their issuance, and expired letters of credit are renewed as needed.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
“Adjusted EPS” is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations excluding the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income definition as well as losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; gain on equity method investment transactions; net earnings from divestitures (2) ; gains or losses on interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges due to changed financing and hedging plans and U.S. tax reform discrete impacts (10) . Similarly, within Adjusted EPS, our equity method investment net earnings exclude our proportionate share of our investees’ unusual or infrequent items (11) . We also evaluate growth in our Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis (3) . 
When items no longer impact our current or future presentation of non-GAAP operating results, we remove these items from our non-GAAP definitions. During 2018, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of: remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in Argentina (see footnote (5) below) and the impact from pension participation changes (see footnote (9) below). 
Divestitures include completed sales of businesses and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. See Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for information on divestitures and acquisitions impacting the comparability of our results.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Lastly, as U.S. crude oil production increased, these new domestic barrels continue to supplant more of the U.S.’s crude oil imports, while the remainder are exported to international markets in Central and South America, Asia and Western Europe where the lighter U.S. crudes are used as feedstock in their refining and petrochemical facilities. We expect U.S. refiners to continue to operate at high rates as a result of steady U.S. demand and growing exports of refined products. We believe that our marine terminals and related storage and pipeline infrastructure that handle crude oil, refined products and petrochemicals are strategically located to meet the concurrent needs of export and import customers. We have significant export capabilities, with expansion potential, on the Houston Ship Channel, Beaumont, Freeport and Texas City, Texas.
In July 2019, we announced long-term agreements with Chevron that support the development of SPOT in the Gulf of Mexico. SPOT is designed to load VLCCs at rates of approximately 85,000 barrels per hour. Construction of SPOT remains subject to obtaining the required approvals and licenses from the federal Maritime Administration, which is currently reviewing our SPOT application. SPOT would provide customers with an integrated export solution that leverages our extensive supply, storage and distribution network along the Gulf Coast, with access to approximately 6 MMBbls of crude oil supply and more than 300 MMBbls of storage based on our estimates.
Polymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS Chemical, a division of IHS Inc. (“IHS Chemical”). Refinery grade propylene prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS Chemical.
