ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our midstream assets are located in close proximity to virtually all domestic ethane-consuming petrochemical plants, as well as associated derivative plants that produce various polymer products from ethylene. As a result of the expected growth in U.S. ethylene production capacity, we completed and commissioned an ethylene export terminal located at Morgan’s Point on the Houston Ship Channel in December 2019. The project, which is underwritten by long-term customer commitments, is expected to be fully operational in the fourth quarter of 2020 once certain refrigeration assets are completed.
To a limited extent, global demand for the end products produced by the petrochemical and plastics sector is currently under pressure mostly due to improper plastic disposal methods, particularly the accumulation of plastic garbage in the world’s oceans. This situation has resulted in calls for better collection, recycling and disposal of plastics and bans of certain single-use plastic items. Although higher recycling rates and bans of certain single-use items would effectively reduce the rate of growth in global demand for plastics, we do not believe that such actions will result in a significant long-term decline in the production of plastics (or in the use of liquid hydrocarbons as feedstocks in the production of such items).
With respect to long-term LPG demand, we believe that U.S. exports to Asia, particularly China and India, as well as markets in Northwest Europe and Latin America, will continue to be strong. According to EIA data available through November 2019, U.S. LPG exports increased 17% in 2019 to 1.4 MMBPD, with volumes headed to Asian markets accounting for approximately 51% of this amount. We estimate that LPG exports could reach 2.5 to 2.8 MMBPD by 2025. Our outlook for LPG exports to Asia is supported by several factors including long-term economic growth rates in Asian markets and favorable domestic policies in countries like India and Indonesia where governments are subsidizing their population’s switch from wood-based fuels to LPG for domestic use as a means of reducing pollution and protecting against deforestation. The competitiveness of U.S. Gulf Coast supplies of LPG are enhanced by the recent widening of the Panama Canal in 2016. Due to our expectation of continued growth in LPG exports, we completed an expansion project at EHT in 2019 that increased our LPG loading capacity at the terminal to approximately 835 MBPD. In July 2019, we announced an additional expansion project at EHT that would increase our LPG loading capacity by an additional 265 MBPD and be placed into service during the second half of 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Encouraging the development of third-party applications on our cloud computing platform.  The Lightning Platform enables customers, ISVs and third-party developers to create and deliver cloud-based apps. It is a platform on which apps can be created, tested, published and run. In addition, these apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange or sold directly by software vendors. We believe our ecosystem of developers and software vendors will help address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
In addition to the key elements of our growth strategy described above, from time to time, we evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights. These evaluations resulted in our acquisition of several companies in fiscal 2019, including MuleSoft, Inc. ("MuleSoft") and Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama") which expanded our integration and marketing capabilities. 
We deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable, cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. We also offer integration capabilities in the cloud, as well as on-premises, to provide our customers more options to integrate their data. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Diagnostic Products segment’s products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
These products include a broad line of pediatric and adult nutritional products manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to consumers and to institutions, wholesalers, retailers, health care facilities, government agencies, and third-party distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers or third-party distributors.
Primary marketing efforts for nutritional products are directed toward consumers or to securing the recommendation of Abbott’s brand of products by physicians or other health care professionals. In addition, certain nutritional products sold as Similac ® , Gain™, Grow™, Eleva™, PediaSure ® , PediaSure SideKicks ® , Pedialyte ® , Ensure ® , Zone Perfect ® , and Glucerna ® are also promoted directly to the public by consumer marketing efforts in select markets where appropriate.
