SALESFORCE INC report:
To a lesser extent, we also have a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and who then assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription service. 
Our marketing strategy is to promote our brand and generate demand for our offerings. We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunity. 
• Customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and World Tours, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events;

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company calculates benefit obligations based upon generally accepted actuarial methodologies using the projected benefit obligation (“PBO”) for pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (“APBO”) for other postretirement plans. The determination of pension costs and other postretirement obligations are determined using a December 31 measurement date. The benefit obligations represent the actuarial present value of all benefits attributed to employee service rendered as of the measurement date. The PBO is measured using the pension benefit formulas and assumptions as to future compensation levels. A plan’s funded status is calculated as the difference between the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. The Company’s funding policy for the pension plans is to make contributions at a level in accordance with regulations under the Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) and generally accepted actuarial principles. The Company’s other postretirement benefit plans are not funded. 
The $89 million  increase in the pension net actuarial loss during 2018  is primarily related to losses from unfavorable asset performance compared to the expected return on plan assets which was partially offset by an increase in the discount rate used to value the liabilities, amortization of unrecognized pension costs and recognition of a settlement loss. A significant component of the $2.31 billion  net actuarial pension benefit losses not yet recognized in 2018  reflects decreases in the discount rate. The $18 million  decrease in the OPEB net actuarial gain during 2018  primarily related to amortization of net actuarial gains. 
The net actuarial loss (gain) and prior service credit is recognized as a component of net periodic cost amortized over the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also launched our 5G Nationwide Network in October 2020, which is available in over 2,700 cities across the U.S. covering approximately 230 million people. 5G Nationwide uses low and mid-band spectrum and dynamic spectrum sharing (DSS) technology, which allows 5G service to run simultaneously with 4G LTE on multiple spectrum bands. With DSS, whenever customers move outside Verizon’s high-band Ultra Wideband coverage area, their 5G-enabled devices will remain on 5G technology using the lower spectrum bands where the 5G Nationwide network is available. This allows us to more fully and effectively utilize our current spectrum resources to serve both 4G and 5G customers. 
The wireless network technology platform that carries the majority of our wireless traffic is 4G LTE, which provides higher data throughput performance for data services at a lower cost compared to that offered by 3G technology. As of December 31, 2020, our 4G LTE network is available in over 700 markets covering approximately 327 million people, including those in areas served by our LTE in Rural America partners. Under this program, we have collaborated with wireless carriers in rural areas to build and operate a 4G LTE network using each carrier’s network assets with our core 4G LTE equipment and 700 Megahertz (MHz) C Block and Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) spectrum. In 2020, we launched LTE Home Internet, a home broadband internet service that leverages the Verizon 4G LTE network. 
We consider the reliability, coverage and speed of our wireless network to be key factors for our continued success. We believe that steady and consistent network and platform investments provide the foundation for innovative products and services. As we design and deploy our network, we focus on the number of successful data sessions the network enables, delivering on our advertised throughput speeds, and the number of calls that are connected on the first attempt and completed without being dropped. We utilize three strategies to maintain the quality of our network: increasing the density of our network elements, deploying new technologies as they are developed and putting additional wireless spectrum into service.
