SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. 
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
For a discussion of our impairment policy for capitalized non-network software costs, see "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" below. See Note 4 for additional information of internal-use non-network software reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. Similar to capitalized software costs, deferred costs associated with cloud computing arrangements are subject to impairment testing. 
Goodwill is the excess of the acquisition cost of businesses over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Impairment testing for goodwill is performed annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. 
To determine if goodwill is potentially impaired, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment. However, we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test even if no indications of a potential impairment exist. It is our policy to perform quantitative impairment assessment at least every three years.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
To further analyze investment spreads, the following table summarizes the weighted average investment yield on assets supporting product liabilities, interest crediting rates and investment spreads. Investment spreads may vary significantly between periods due to the variability in investment income, particularly for immediate fixed annuities where the investment portfolio includes performance-based investments. 
The following table summarizes the weighted average guaranteed crediting rates and weighted average current crediting rates as of December 31, 2018  for certain fixed annuities where management has the ability to change the crediting rate, subject to a contractual minimum. Other products, including equity-indexed, variable and immediate annuities totaling $4.37 billion of contractholder funds, have been excluded from the analysis because management does not have the ability to change the crediting rate or the minimum crediting rate is not considered meaningful in this context. 
 Operating costs and expenses   decreased   8.6%  or $3 million  in 2018  compared to 2017 , primarily due to a reduction in premium tax accruals and lower employee-related costs.
