MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Indefinite-life intangible assets consist principally of brand names purchased through our acquisitions of Nabisco Holdings Corp., the Spanish and Portuguese operations of United Biscuits, the global LU biscuit business of Groupe Danone S.A. and Cadbury Limited. Definite-life intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks, customer-related intangibles, process technology, licenses and non-compete agreements. 
Amortization expense for intangible assets was $ 134 million in 2021, $ 194 million in 2020 and $ 174 million in 2019. For the next five years, we estimate annual amortization expense of approximately $ 125 million in years one to three, approximately $ 100 million in year four and approximately $ 60 million in year five, reflecting December 31, 2021 exchange rates. 
• Divestitures – During the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed the sale of MaxFoods Pty Ltd, an Australian packaged seafood business that we had acquired as part of our acquisition of Gourmet Food, resulting in a decrease in intangible assets of $ 17 million. See Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for additional information.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our land segment has grown primarily through acquisitions as we seek to build out our land fuel distribution capabilities in the U.S. and the U.K. Recently, our land segment has been negatively impacted by our decision to reposition the portfolio and reduce certain supply and trading activities which were not generating a sufficient or predictable economic return as a result of market conditions. In addition, our operating results in the U.S. and U.K. have been adversely impacted in the past by unseasonably warm winter weather conditions and accordingly, our results will continue to be impacted by future weather patterns. Meanwhile, our land segment has benefited from strong sales to government customers, including NATO in Afghanistan, and we expect such activity to remain generally consistent in 2019. We continue to focus on rationalizing our portfolio, exiting certain non-core activities, and reorienting our activities towards supplying more sustainable end-user demand to provide greater leverage and ratability in our operating model. We are also focused on driving operational excellence, realizing the synergies associated with our previous acquisitions, and improving our technology platform to reduce transaction processing costs. 
Our marine segment results have improved over the course of 2018 despite the weak overall conditions within the global shipping markets. We believe overall volumes in our marine segment have stabilized and higher average fuel prices, combined with the effects of our cost savings initiatives, have improved profitability. The implementation of mandatory fuel standards, such as the IMO's regulations limiting sulfur in fuel oil used on ships that will be effective on January 1, 2020, may provide additional opportunities for us to create value-added solutions for our customers and further enhance profitability. 
As a result of the challenges in the markets where we operate, we continue to rationalize our operating model and portfolio of businesses to gain efficiencies through various initiatives that are ongoing throughout the company. We are investing in automation and technology throughout our businesses, which we expect will ultimately lower our cost, reduce cycle time and improve scalability. Furthermore, we continue to implement our enterprise-wide restructuring plan, designed to streamline the organization and reallocate resources to align more effectively our organizational structure and costs with our ultimate strategy to improve operating efficiencies. The restructuring program involves rationalizing non-core businesses and investments, refining our organizational structure, and advancing business prospects in the markets we serve, as well as exiting certain business activities and reinventing our core businesses to improve scalability. We expect this portfolio rationalization will free up additional capital to invest in activities with sustainable revenue and adequate returns while we continue to manage our working capital and inventory in a volatile fuel price environment.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our related marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of gross operating margin, a non-generally accepted accounting principle (“non-GAAP”) financial measure, for the partnership. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold.
Our results of operations and financial condition are subject to certain significant risks. Factors that can affect the demand for our products and services include domestic and international economic conditions, the market price and demand for energy, the cost to develop natural gas and crude oil reserves in the U.S., federal and state regulation, the cost and availability of capital to energy companies to invest in upstream exploration and production activities and the credit quality of our customers. For information regarding such risks, see Part I, Item 1A of this annual report.
In addition, our business activities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing a wide variety of topics, including commercial, operational, environmental and other matters. For a discussion of the principal effects of such laws and regulations on our business activities, see “Regulatory Matters” included under Part I, Items 1 and 2 of this annual report.
