ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In 2021 and 2020, we recognized non-cash asset impairment charges attributable to assets other than goodwill totaling $ 232.6 million and $ 594.3 million, respectively, which are a component of operating costs and expenses. For information regarding impairment charges involving property, plant and equipment and investments in unconsolidated affiliates, see Notes 4 and 5, respectively, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
The specific, identifiable intangible assets of an acquired business depend largely upon the nature of its operations and include items such as customer relationships and contracts. The method used to value such assets depends on a number of factors, including the nature of the asset and the economic returns the asset is expected to generate.
Customer relationship intangible assets represent the estimated economic value assigned to commercial relationships acquired in connection with business combinations. In certain instances, the acquisition of these intangible assets provides us with access to customers in a defined resource basin and is analogous to having a franchise in a particular area. Efficient operation of the acquired assets (e.g., a natural gas gathering system) helps to support the commercial relationships with existing producers and provides us with opportunities to establish new ones within our existing asset footprint. The duration of this type of customer relationship is limited by the estimated economic life of the associated resource basin that supports the customer group. When estimating the economic life of a resource basin, we consider a number of factors, including reserve estimates and the economic viability of production and exploration activities.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS — For assets and liabilities that are measured using quoted prices in active markets, total fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured using significant other observable inputs are valued by reference to similar assets or liabilities, adjusted for contract restrictions and other terms specific to that asset or liability. For these items, a significant portion of fair value is derived by reference to quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets. For all remaining assets and liabilities, fair value is derived using a fair value model, such as a discounted cash flow model or Black-Scholes model. Purchased intangible assets are recorded at fair value. The fair value of significant purchased intangible assets is based on independent appraisals. Abbott uses a discounted cash flow model to value intangible assets. The discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, the cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on a quarterly basis. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually. 
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — The fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards and units are amortized over their requisite service period, which could be shorter than the vesting period if an employee is retirement eligible, with a charge to compensation expense. 
LITIGATION — Abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) No. 450, “Contingencies.” Under ASC No. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management’s best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. Legal fees are recorded as incurred.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The computation of basic net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares that were outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares in the basic net income per share calculation plus the number of common shares that would be issued assuming vesting of all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding using the treasury stock method for shares subject to RSUs. 
Repurchased shares of common stock are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act. The par value of repurchased shares is deducted from common stock and the excess repurchase price over par value is deducted by allocation to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. The amount allocated to additional paid-in capital is the current value of additional paid-in capital per share outstanding and is applied to the number of shares repurchased. Any remaining amount is allocated to retained earnings. See Note 6 for additional information. 
Gross unrecognized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities were not material for the years ended September 3, 2023, and August 28, 2022. At those dates, there were no available-for-sale securities in a material continuous unrealized-loss position. There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during 2023 or 2022.
