SALESFORCE INC report:
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/about-us/investor/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, the Company’s references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Fair value as of December 31, ($ in millions) 2020 2019 U.S. government and agencies $ 3,222 $ 5,086 Municipal 9,587 8,620 Corporate 51,142 43,078 Foreign government 1,055 979 Asset-backed securities (“ABS”) 1,270 862 Mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”) 78 419 Total fixed income securities $ 66,354   $ 59,044   
Fixed income securities are rated by third-party credit rating agencies or are internally rated. As of December 31, 2020, 86.4% of the consolidated fixed income securities portfolio was rated investment grade, which is defined as a security having a rating of Aaa, Aa, A or Baa from Moody’s, a rating of AAA, AA, A or BBB from S&P, a comparable rating from another nationally recognized rating agency, or a comparable internal rating if an externally provided rating is not available. Credit ratings below these designations are considered lower credit quality or below investment grade, which includes high yield bonds. Market prices for certain securities may have credit spreads which imply higher or lower credit quality than the current third-party rating. Our initial investment decisions and ongoing 
monitoring procedures for fixed income securities are based on a due diligence process which includes, but is not limited to, an assessment of the credit quality, sector, structure and liquidity risks of each issue.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Advertising revenues are generated through display advertising and search advertising. Display advertising revenue is generated by the display of graphical advertisements and other performance-based advertising. Search advertising revenue is generated when a consumer clicks on a text-based advertisement on the search results page. The divested Verizon Media Group (Verizon Media), primarily earned revenue through display advertising on Verizon Media properties, as well as on third-party properties through our advertising platforms, search advertising, and subscription arrangements. Revenue for display and search advertising contracts is recognized as ads are delivered, while subscription contracts are recognized over time. We are generally the principal in transactions carried out through our advertising platforms, and therefore report gross revenue based on the amount billed to our customers. The control and transfer of digital advertising inventory occurs in a rapid, real-time environment, where our proprietary technology enables us to identify, enhance, verify and solely control digital advertising inventory that we then sell to our customers. Our control is further supported by us being primarily responsible to our customers for fulfillment and the fact that we can exercise a level of discretion over pricing. We completed the sale of Verizon Media on September 1, 2021. See Note 3 for additional information on the sale of Verizon Media. 
We offer telematics services including smart fleet management and optimization software. Telematics service revenue is generated primarily through subscription contracts. We recognize revenue over time for our subscription contracts. 
Costs for advertising products and services, as well as other promotional and sponsorship costs, are charged to Selling, general and administrative expense in the periods in which they are incurred. See Note 15 for additional information.
