ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The EHT crude oil terminal is one of the largest such facilities on the Gulf Coast and part of our EHT complex, which is located on the Houston Ship Channel and features extensive waterfront access consisting of seven deep-water ship docks and a barge dock. As noted previously, the terminal can accommodate vessels with up to a 45-foot draft, including Suezmax tankers, which are the largest tankers that can navigate the Houston Ship Channel.
In July 2019, we announced plans to add an eighth deep-water ship dock at EHT that is expected to increase our crude oil loading capacity by 840 MBPD, thereby increasing our overall nameplate crude oil loading capacity at EHT to 2.75 MMBPD, or nearly 83 MMBbls per month. The new dock is designed to accommodate a Suezmax vessel and is scheduled to be placed into service during the fourth quarter of 2020.
 • The ECHO terminal is located in Houston, Texas and provides storage customers with access to major refineries located in the Houston, Texas City and Beaumont/Port Arthur areas. ECHO also has connections to marine terminals, including EHT, that provide access to any refinery on the U.S. Gulf Coast and international markets.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Content on Cooking Channel includes Beach Bites with Katie Lee , The   Best Thing I Ever Ate , Carnival Eats , Cheap Eats , Food Fact or Fiction?, Good Eats: Reloaded, Man Fire Food and Man's Greatest Food . 
International Networks generated revenues of $4.1 billion  and Adjusted OIBDA of $1.1 billion  during 2018 , which represented 39%  and 26%  of our total consolidated revenues and Adjusted OIBDA, respectively. Our International Networks segment principally consists of national and pan-regional television networks and brands that are delivered across multiple distribution platforms. This segment generates revenue from operations in virtually every pay-TV market in the world through an infrastructure that includes operational centers in London, Warsaw, Milan, Singapore and Miami. Global brands include Discovery Channel, Food Network, HGTV, Animal Planet, TLC, ID, Science Channel and MotorTrend (previously known as Velocity and known as Turbo outside of the U.S.), along with brands exclusive to International Networks, including Eurosport, Discovery Kids, DMAX, Discovery Home & Health, and TVN. TVN was acquired in March 2018, as part of the Scripps Acquisition. As of December 31, 2018 , International Networks operated over 400  unique distribution feeds in over 50  languages with channel feeds customized according to language needs and advertising sales opportunities. International Networks also has FTA networks in Europe and the Middle East and broadcast networks in Poland, Denmark, Norway and Sweden, and continues to pursue further international expansion. FTA and broadcast networks generate a significant portion of International Networks' revenue. The penetration and growth rates of television services vary across countries and territories depending on numerous factors including the dominance of different television platforms in local markets. While pay-TV services have greater penetration in certain markets, FTA or broadcast television is dominant in others. International Networks has a large international distribution platform for its 75  networks, with as many as 14  networks distributed in any particular country or territory across the more than 220  countries and territories around the world. International Networks pursues distribution across all television platforms based on the specific dynamics of local markets and relevant commercial agreements. 
Effective January 1, 2018, we realigned our International Networks management reporting structure, which was not affected by the Scripps Acquisition. The table below represents the reporting structures during the periods presented in the consolidated financial statements.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The ET Fuel System also includes our Bethel natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 6.0 Bcf, an average withdrawal capacity of 300 MMcf/d and an injection capacity of 75 MMcf/d, and our Bryson natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 5.2 Bcf, an average withdrawal capacity of 120 MMcf/d and an average injection capacity of 96 MMcf/d. Storage capacity on the ET Fuel System is contracted to third parties under fee-based arrangements that extend through 2023. 
In addition, the ET Fuel System is integrated with our Godley processing plant which gives us the ability to bypass the plant when processing margins are unfavorable by blending the untreated natural gas from the North Texas System with natural gas on the ET Fuel System while continuing to meet pipeline quality specifications. 
• The Oasis Pipeline is primarily a 36-inch natural gas pipeline. It has bi-directional capabilities with approximately 1.3 Bcf/d of throughput capacity moving west-to-east and greater than 750 MMcf/d of throughput capacity moving east-to-west. The Oasis pipeline connects to the Waha and Katy market hubs and has many interconnections with other pipelines, power plants, processing facilities, municipalities and producers.
