US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Our GREAT FOOD. MADE EASY. strategy is built on three key differentiators: product innovation, technology and team-based selling. Through this strategy, we serve our customers as consultants and business partners, bringing our customers personalized solutions and tailoring a suite of products and services to fit each customer’s needs. 
The GREAT FOOD portion of our strategy is anchored by Scoop™, a program that introduces innovative and on-trend products multiple times a year, helping our customers keep their menus fresh and delivering back-of-house convenience to reduce their labor and food costs. A growing part of our Scoop portfolio is our Serve Good® program. The Serve Good program features more than 500 products that are sustainably-sourced or contribute to waste reduction. Our private brand portfolio is guided by a spirit of innovation and a commitment to delivering superior quality products and value to customers. While we offer products under a spectrum of private brands, and at different price points, all are designed to deliver quality, performance and value to our customers. 
MADE EASY is aimed at providing restaurant operators with technology and expertise that make it easier to transact with us and run their businesses. Our mobile technology platform provides customers with a personalized e-commerce ordering experience and easy-to-use business analytics tools. Our portfolio of value-added services helps customers address key pain points like food waste, back-of-house operations and diner traffic. By delivering our products and services through a differentiated team-based selling approach, we provide customers access to a diverse team of experts including chefs, center of the plate and produce specialists and restaurant operations consultants. Customers utilizing these solutions tend to purchase more and have stronger commercial relationships with us.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Outside the U.S., in September 2020, Rapid Diagnostics launched its Panbio ® rapid antigen test to detect COVID-19 pursuant to a CE Mark. In June 2021, Abbott announced that it had received CE Mark for its over-the-counter Panbio COVID-19 Antigen Self-Test for individuals with or without symptoms. 
In 2020, Molecular Diagnostics developed and launched molecular tests to detect COVID-19 using polymerase chain reaction (PCR) methods on its m2000 ® RealTi m e lab-based platform and its Alinity ® m system pursuant to EUAs in the U.S. and CE Marks. Molecular Diagnostics also developed and launched its multiplex molecular test on its Alinity m system to detect COVID-19, influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in one test. This multiplex molecular test was launched pursuant to a CE Mark in December 2020 and an EUA in the U.S. in March 2021. 
In 2020 and 2021, Core Laboratory Diagnostics developed and launched various lab-based serology blood tests on its ARCHITECT ® i1000SR ® and ARCHITECT i2000SR ® laboratory instruments and on its Alinity i system for the detection of an antibody to determine if someone was previously infected with the COVID-19 virus. The tests were launched under EUAs in the U.S. and CE Marks.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 
• modern low-code and no code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; 
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings, providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities:
