SALESFORCE INC report:
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold or priced separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. 
If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, the Company uses a range of SSP. The Company determines the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. The Company typically has more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography. 
The Company capitalizes incremental costs of obtaining a non-cancelable subscription and support revenue contract. The capitalized amounts consist primarily of sales commissions paid to the Company’s direct sales force. Capitalized amounts also include (1) amounts paid to employees other than the direct sales force who earn incentive payouts under annual compensation plans that are tied to the value of contracts acquired, (2) commissions paid to employees upon renewals of subscription and support contracts, (3) the associated payroll taxes and fringe benefit costs associated with the payments to the Company’s employees, and to a lesser extent (4) success fees paid to partners in emerging markets where the Company has a limited presence.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also launched our 5G Nationwide Network in October 2020, which is available in over 2,700 cities across the U.S. covering approximately 230 million people. 5G Nationwide uses low and mid-band spectrum and dynamic spectrum sharing (DSS) technology, which allows 5G service to run simultaneously with 4G LTE on multiple spectrum bands. With DSS, whenever customers move outside Verizon’s high-band Ultra Wideband coverage area, their 5G-enabled devices will remain on 5G technology using the lower spectrum bands where the 5G Nationwide network is available. This allows us to more fully and effectively utilize our current spectrum resources to serve both 4G and 5G customers. 
The wireless network technology platform that carries the majority of our wireless traffic is 4G LTE, which provides higher data throughput performance for data services at a lower cost compared to that offered by 3G technology. As of December 31, 2020, our 4G LTE network is available in over 700 markets covering approximately 327 million people, including those in areas served by our LTE in Rural America partners. Under this program, we have collaborated with wireless carriers in rural areas to build and operate a 4G LTE network using each carrier’s network assets with our core 4G LTE equipment and 700 Megahertz (MHz) C Block and Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) spectrum. In 2020, we launched LTE Home Internet, a home broadband internet service that leverages the Verizon 4G LTE network. 
We consider the reliability, coverage and speed of our wireless network to be key factors for our continued success. We believe that steady and consistent network and platform investments provide the foundation for innovative products and services. As we design and deploy our network, we focus on the number of successful data sessions the network enables, delivering on our advertised throughput speeds, and the number of calls that are connected on the first attempt and completed without being dropped. We utilize three strategies to maintain the quality of our network: increasing the density of our network elements, deploying new technologies as they are developed and putting additional wireless spectrum into service.

BOEING CO report:
Indefinite-lived intangibles consist of brand and trade names acquired in business combinations. We test these intangibles for impairment by comparing their carrying value to current projections of discounted cash flows attributable to the brand and trade names. Any excess carrying value over the amount of discounted cash flows represents the amount of the impairment. 
Our finite-lived acquired intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows: developed technology, from 2 to 14 years; product know-how, from 6 to 30 years; customer base, from 3 to 17 years; distribution rights, from 3 to 27 years; and other, from 1 to 32 years. We evaluate the potential impairment of finite-lived acquired intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the carrying value is no longer recoverable based upon the undiscounted future cash flows of the asset, the amount of the impairment is the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset. 
Available-for-sale debt securities include commercial paper, U.S. government agency securities, and corporate debt securities. Available-for-sale debt securities are recorded at fair value, and unrealized gains and losses are recorded, net of tax, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are recognized based on the specific identification method. Available-for-sale debt securities are assessed for impairment quarterly.
