BOEING CO report:
Leases We determine if an arrangement is, or contains, a lease at the inception date. Operating leases are included in Other assets, with the related liabilities included in Accrued liabilities and Other long-term liabilities. Assets under finance leases, which primarily represent computer equipment, are included in Property, plant and equipment, net, with the related liabilities included in Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease term. We use our estimated incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. Variable components of the lease payments such as fair market value adjustments, utilities, and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred and not included in determining the present value. Our lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
We record all known asset retirement obligations for which the liability’s fair value can be reasonably estimated, including certain asbestos removal, asset decommissioning and contractual lease restoration obligations. Recorded amounts are not material.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Due to the long-term nature of life-contingent immediate annuities, benefits are payable over many years. The Company establishes reserves as the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected net premiums. Long-term actuarial assumptions of future investment yields and mortality are used when establishing the reserve. These assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued and are generally not changed during the life of the policy. The Company periodically performs a gross premium valuation (“GPV”) analysis to review the adequacy of reserves using actual experience and current assumptions. If actual experience and current assumptions are adverse compared to the original assumptions and a premium deficiency is determined to exist, any remaining unamortized deferred acquisition costs (“DAC”) balance would be expensed to the extent not recoverable and the establishment of a premium deficiency reserve may be required for any remaining deficiency. As of December 31, 2019 , the Company’s GPV analysis indicated that reserves for these policies were sufficient and therefore, the Company has not established a premium deficiency reserve. 
The Company also reviews these policies for circumstances where projected profits would be recognized in early years followed by projected losses in later years through a profits followed by losses (“PFBL”) analysis. If this circumstance exists, the Company will accrue a liability, during the period of profits, to offset the losses at such time as the future losses are expected to commence using a method updated prospectively over time. As of December 31, 2019 , the Company’s PFBL analysis did not indicate periods of profits followed by periods of losses and therefore, the Company has not established a PFBL reserve. 
Given the subjectivity involved in selecting the current assumptions for projected investment yields and mortality, and the sensitivity of the estimate to these assumptions, the related audit effort in evaluating the premium deficiency reserve and PFBL analysis for life-contingent immediate annuities required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including involvement of our actuarial specialists.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
The Company operates as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision makers (“CODMs”), in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. For fiscal 2020, our CODMs were Marc Benioff, who is the chief executive officer and the chair of the board, and Keith Block, who served as co-chief executive officer until February 25, 2020. Over the past few years, the Company has completed a number of acquisitions. These acquisitions have allowed the Company to expand its offerings, presence and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. 
While the Company has offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing market segments, including as a result of the Company's acquisitions, and operates in multiple countries, the Company’s business operates in one operating segment because most of the Company's offerings operate on its single Customer 360 Platform and most of the Company's products are deployed in a nearly identical way, and the Company’s CODMs evaluate the Company’s financial information and resources and assess the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis. Since the Company operates in one operating segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the consolidated financial statements.
