WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Costs of produced and coproduced content consist of development costs, acquired production costs, direct production costs, certain production overhead costs and participation costs. The Company’s coproduction arrangements generally provide for the sharing of production costs. The Company records its costs but does not record the costs borne by the other party as the Company does not share any associated economics of exploitation. 
Licensed content is comprised of films or series that have been previously produced by third parties and the Company retains limited airing rights over a contractual term. Program licenses typically have fixed terms and require payments during the term of the license. The cost of licensed content is capitalized when the cost is known or reasonably determinable, the license period for the programs has commenced, the program materials have been accepted by the Company in accordance with the license agreements, and the programs are available for the first showing. The Company pays in advance of delivery for television series, specials, films and sports rights. Payments made in advance of when the right to air the content is received are recognized as prepaid licensed content. Participation costs are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs. Content distribution, advertising, marketing, general and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. 
Linear content amortization expense for each period is recognized based on the revenue forecast model, which approximates the proportion that estimated distribution and advertising revenues for the current period represent in relation to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues. Digital content amortization for each period is recognized based on estimated viewing patterns as there are no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets and therefore, number of views is most representative of the use of the title. Judgment is required to determine the useful lives and amortization patterns of the Company’s content assets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We also continue to evolve our programs to meet our employees’ health and wellness needs. We provide access to medical and welfare benefits and offer programs to all employees that support work-life balance, including paid parental leave, as well as financial, physical and mental health resources. In 2022, we expanded our Employee Assistance Programs to reach all global colleagues. 
We are committed to equal pay for equal work, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity or other personal characteristics. To deliver on that commitment, we benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider various factors such as an employee’s role and experience, job location and performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices to promote fair and equitable pay. 
With the support of an independent third-party expert in this field, we conduct global pay equity reviews for salaried employees comparing employees in the same pay grade within a country/area to help identify any unsupported distinctions in pay between employees of different genders and races (as permitted by local country law).

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Natural gas transportation pipelines receive natural gas from supply sources including other transportation pipelines, storage facilities and gathering systems and deliver the natural gas to industrial end-users and other pipelines. Through our interstate transportation and storage segment, we directly own and operate approximately 19,830 miles of interstate natural gas pipelines 
Our vast interstate natural gas network spans the United States from Florida to California and Texas to Michigan, offering a comprehensive array of pipeline and storage services. Our pipelines have the capability to transport natural gas from nearly all Lower 48 onshore and offshore supply basins to customers in the Southeast, Gulf Coast, Southwest, Midwest, Northeast and Canada. Through numerous interconnections with other pipelines, our interstate systems can access virtually any supply or market in the country. As discussed further herein, our interstate segment operations are regulated by the FERC, which has broad regulatory authority over the business and operations of interstate natural gas pipelines. 
Lake Charles LNG, our wholly-owned subsidiary, owns an LNG import terminal and regasification facility located on Louisiana’s Gulf Coast near Lake Charles, Louisiana. The import terminal has approximately 9.0 Bcf of above ground storage capacity and the regasification facility has a send out capacity of 1.8 Bcf/d. Lake Charles LNG derives all of its revenue from a series of long-term contracts with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell plc (“Shell”).
