ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
After approval and commercial launch of some medical devices, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority.
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The following table includes information about our significant contractual obligations as of December 28, 2019 that affect our liquidity and capital needs. The table includes information about payments due under specified contractual obligations and the maturity profile of our consolidated debt, operating leases and other long-term liabilities. 
Represents estimated contributions and benefit payments for Company sponsored pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Estimates beyond fiscal year 2020 are not available for the Company's defined benefit pension plan. 
Represents future interest payments on fixed rate debt, financing leases and $3.1 billion of variable rate debt at interest rates as of December 28, 2019 . The amounts shown in the table include interest payments under interest rate swap agreements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription service. 
Our marketing strategy is to promote our brand and generate demand for our offerings. We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunity. 
• Customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and World Tours, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events;
