BOEING CO report:
In 2019, following two fatal 737 MAX accidents, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and non-U.S. civil aviation authorities issued orders suspending commercial operations of 737 MAX aircraft. Deliveries of the 737 MAX were suspended following these orders. Deliveries in the U.S. resumed in late 2020 following rescission by the FAA of its grounding order. 
Multiple legal actions have been filed against us as a result of the accidents. In addition, we are fully cooperating with U.S. government investigations related to the accidents and the 737 MAX program, including an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the outcome of which may be material. Other than as described below with respect to the U.S. Department of Justice, we cannot 
On January 6, 2021, we entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice that resolves the Department of Justice’s previously disclosed investigation into us regarding the evaluation of the 737 MAX airplane by the FAA. Under the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement, we agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging the Company with one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States, based on the conduct of two former 737 MAX program technical pilots; the criminal information will be dismissed after three years, provided that we comply with our obligations under the agreement. The Deferred Prosecution Agreement requires that we make payments totaling $ 2.51 billion, which consist of (a) a $ 243.6 million criminal monetary penalty; (b) $ 500 million in additional compensation to the heirs and/or beneficiaries of those who died in the Lion Air Flight 610 and Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302 accidents; and (c) $ 1.77 billion to the Company’s airline customers for harm incurred as a result of the grounding of the 737 MAX, offset in part by payments already made and the remainder satisfied through payments to be made prior to the termination of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement. The agreement also requires that we review our compliance program and undertake continuous improvement efforts with respect to it, and implement enhanced compliance reporting and internal controls mechanisms. Of the payments described above, $ 1.77 billion has been included in amounts reserved in prior quarters for 737 MAX customer considerations. We expensed $ 743.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 related to this agreement.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We actively manage our capital and liquidity levels in light of changing market, economic, and business conditions. Our capital position, capital generation capacity, and targeted risk profile provide strategic and financial flexibility. 
We generally assess solvency on a statutory accounting basis, but also consider holding company capital and liquidity needs. Current enterprise capital, which exceeds economic targeted levels, is based on a combination of statutory surplus and deployable assets at the parent holding company level. 
Operational risk and return management addresses loss as a result of the failure of people, processes, systems or culture. Operational risk exposures include human capital, privacy, regulatory compliance, ethics, fraud, system availability, cybersecurity, data quality, disaster recovery and business continuity.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company's asset retirement obligations (ARO) primarily relate to leasehold improvements that must be removed at the end of a lease. These obligations are generally recorded as a discounted liability, with an offsetting asset at the inception of the lease term, based upon the estimated fair value of the costs to remove the improvements. These liabilities are accreted over time to the projected future value of the obligation. The ARO assets are depreciated using the same depreciation method as the leasehold improvement assets and are included with buildings and improvements. Estimated ARO liabilities associated with these leases are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
Goodwill represents the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired and is not subject to amortization. The Company reviews goodwill annually in the fourth quarter for impairment or when circumstances indicate carrying value may exceed the fair value. This evaluation is performed at the reporting unit level. If a qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than carrying value, a quantitative analysis is completed using either the income or market approach, or a combination of both. The income approach estimates fair value based on expected discounted future cash flows, while the market approach uses comparable public companies and transactions to develop metrics to be applied to historical and expected future operating results. 
Definite-lived intangible assets, which are not material, are included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated lives, which approximates the pattern of expected economic benefit.
