BOEING CO report:
Generally, we continue to expect domestic travel to recover faster than international travel. As a result, we expect the narrow-body market to recover faster than the wide-body market. Also, the pace of the commercial market recovery will be heavily dependent on COVID-19 infection rates, vaccination rates, and government travel and other restrictions on trade and commercial activity. Demand for dedicated freighters continues to be strong, underpinned by a strong recovery in global trade and overall air cargo growth. Overall cargo capacity remains challenged given the large impact that COVID-19 has had on international passenger operations, which also carry cargo. 
Airline financial performance, which also plays a role in the demand for new capacity, has been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to IATA, net losses for the airline industry were $138 billion in 2020 and are expected to be approximately $52 billion in 2021. Our customers are taking actions to combat the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the market by preserving liquidity. This comes in many forms, such as deferrals of advances and other payments to suppliers, deferrals of deliveries, reduced spending on services and, in some cases, cancellation of orders. While the outlook is improving and we have seen an increase in new orders in 2021, we continue to face a challenging environment in the near- to medium-term as airlines have adjusted to reduced traffic, which in turn has resulted in lower demand for commercial aerospace products and services. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines. 
We continue to expect commercial air travel to return to 2019 levels in 2023 to 2024. We expect it will take a few years beyond that for the industry to return to long-term trend growth. To balance the supply and demand given the COVID-19 shock and to preserve our long-term potential and competitiveness, we have reduced the production rates of several of our BCA programs. These rate decisions are based on our ongoing assessments of the demand environment and availability of aircraft financing. There is significant uncertainty with respect to when commercial air traffic levels will recover, and whether, and at what point, capacity will return to and/or exceed pre-COVID-19 levels. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we made adjustments to our estimates regarding timing of 777X entry into service and market demand. We continue to anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur in late 2023. We will closely monitor the key factors that affect backlog and future demand for each of our commercial aircraft programs, including customers’ evolving fleet plans, the wide-body replacement cycle and the cargo market. We will maintain a disciplined rate management process and make adjustments as appropriate in the future. Notwithstanding the changes we have made to production rates, risk remains that further reductions will be required. Additionally, if we are unable to make timely deliveries of the large number of aircraft in inventory as of December 31, 2021, future revenues, earnings and cash flows will be adversely impacted.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Underwriting income  totaled $2.21 billion  in 2018 , a 0.2%  increase from $2.20 billion  in 2017 , primarily due to increased premiums earned, lower catastrophe losses and improved auto claim frequency, partially offset by higher claim severity, agency and employee-related compensation costs and advertising costs and lower favorable non-catastrophe prior year reserve reestimates. 
Underwriting income totaled $2.20 billion in 2017, a 51.1% increase from $1.46 billion in 2016, primarily due to increased premiums earned, lower claim frequency and higher favorable prior year reserve reestimates, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses and agency and employee-related compensation costs. 
Rate changes do not include rating plan enhancements, including the introduction of discounts and surcharges that result in no change in the overall rate level in a location. These rate changes do not reflect initial rates filed for insurance subsidiaries initially writing business in a location.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Because Brazilian farmer credit exposures are denominated in local currency, reported values are impacted by movements in the value of the Brazilian real when translated into U.S. dollars . From December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020, the Brazilian real depreciated by approximately 23%, decreasing the reported farmer credit exposure balances when translated into U.S. dollars . 
We periodically evaluate the collectability of our farmer receivables and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. We base our determination of the allowance on analyses of the credit quality of individual accounts, also considering the economic and financial condition of the farming industry and other market conditions, as well as the value of any collateral related to amounts owed. We continuously review defaulted farmer receivables for impairment on an individual account basis. We consider all accounts in legal collections processes to be defaulted and past due. For such accounts, we determine the allowance for uncollectible amounts based on the fair value of the associated collateral, net of estimated costs to sell. For all renegotiated accounts (current and past due), we consider changes in farm economic conditions and other market conditions, our historical experience related to renegotiated accounts, and the fair value of collateral in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts. 
Secured Advances to Suppliers and Prepaid Commodity Contracts —We purchase soybeans through prepaid commodity purchase contracts (advance cash payments to suppliers against contractual obligations to deliver specified quantities of soybeans in the future) and secured advances to suppliers (advances to suppliers against commitments to deliver soybeans in the future), primarily in Brazil. These financing arrangements are typically secured by the farmer's future crop and mortgages on the farmer's land, buildings and equipment, and are generally settled after the farmer's crop is harvested and sold.
