SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts with financial institutions to reduce foreign exchange risk associated with intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. The Company uses forward currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as hedging instruments, to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Japanese Yen. The Company’s derivative financial instruments program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes. The Company generally enters into master netting arrangements with the financial institutions with which it contracts for such derivatives, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty, thereby reducing risk of credit-related losses from a financial institutions' nonperformance. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the obligations of the Company to the counterparties. The notional amount of foreign currency derivative contracts as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 was $ 6.0 billion and $ 6.1 billion, respectively. 
Outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains or losses due to changes in the fair value of these derivative contracts, as well as realized gains or losses from their net settlement, are recognized as other expense consistent with the offsetting gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement or settlement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. 
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of those assets as follows:  Buildings and building improvements

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Contributions are also made to defined contribution money purchase plans under certain collective bargaining agreements. Amounts charged to expense were $ 112 , $ 107 and $ 97 million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
A discount rate is used to determine the present value of our future benefit obligations. To determine the discount rate for our U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans, we use a bond matching approach to select specific bonds that would satisfy our projected benefit payments. We believe the bond matching approach reflects the process we would employ to settle our pension and postretirement benefit obligations. For our international plans, the discount rate is determined by matching the expected cash flows of the plan, where available, or of a sample plan of similar duration, to a yield curve based on long-term, high quality fixed income debt instruments available as of the measurement date. These assumptions are updated each measurement date, which is typically annually. 
As of December 31, 2021, the impact of each basis point change in the discount rate on the projected benefit obligation of our pension and postretirement medical benefit plans is as follows (in millions):

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2021, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include approximately $145 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation and approximately $55 million of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years.
In 2020, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include the recognition of approximately $170 million of tax benefits associated with the impairment of certain assets, approximately $140 million of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years, and approximately $100 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation. In 2020, taxes on earnings from continuing operations also include a $26 million increase to the transition tax liability associated with the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). The $26 million increase to the transition tax liability was the result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years. This adjustment increased the cumulative net tax expense related to the TCJA to $1.53 billion. As of December 31, 2021, the remaining balance of Abbott’s transition tax obligation is approximately $794 million, which will be paid over the next five years as allowed by the TCJA. Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, in 2020 reflect the recognition of $24 million of net tax benefits primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years. In 2019, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included approximately $100 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation, an $86 million reduction of the transition tax and $68 million of tax expense resulting from tax legislation enacted in the fourth quarter of 2019 in India. The $86 million reduction to the transition tax liability was the result of the issuance of final transition tax regulations by the U.S. Department of Treasury in 2019.
Exclusive of these discrete items, tax expense was favorably impacted by lower tax rates and tax exemptions on foreign income primarily derived from operations in Puerto Rico, Switzerland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Costa Rica, Singapore, and Malta. Abbott benefits from a combination of favorable statutory tax rules, tax rulings, grants, and exemptions in these tax jurisdictions. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a full reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate.
