BOEING CO report:
Long-term contracts in progress includes Delta launch program inventory that is being sold at cost to United Launch Alliance ( ULA ) under an inventory supply agreement that terminates on March 31, 2021. The inventory balance was $ 176 and $ 227 at December 31, 2019 and 2018 . See indemnifications to ULA in Note 15 . 
Included in inventories are capitalized precontract costs of $ 711 at December 31, 2019 , primarily related to the KC-46A Tanker and Commercial Crew, and $ 644 at December 31, 2018 primarily related to KC-46A Tanker. See Note 14 . 
At December 31, 2019 and 2018 , commercial aircraft programs inventory included the following amounts related to the 737 program: $ 1,313 and $ 463 of deferred production costs and $ 521 and $ 471 of unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs. At December 31, 2019 , $ 1,829 of 737 deferred production costs, unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs are expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that have firm orders and $ 5 is expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that represent expected future orders.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Processing, Cost of goods sold increased by $3,497 million due to higher average commodity prices, as noted in Net sales above, increased industrial input costs, in particular energy, driven by inflationary pressures, unfavorable mark-to-market results, as well as $52 million in charges for losses sustained in relation to the Ukraine-Russia war, and $40 million of impairment charges related to the classification of our Russian business as held-for-sale in the current year. 
• In Merchandising, Cost of goods sold increased by $780 million due to higher average commodity prices, as noted in Net sales above, and $28 million in charges for losses sustained in relation to the Ukraine-Russia war, partially offset by more favorable mark-to-market results, and lower volumes due to the completion of the sale of a portfolio of grain elevators in the interior of the United States during the third quarter of 2021. 
Gross profit decreased by $213 million, or 9%, to $2,290 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $2,503 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the following:

ALLSTATE CORP report:
How reserve estimates are established and updated We conduct an annual review in the third quarter to evaluate, establish and adjust as necessary, asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims reserves. Changes to reserves are recorded in the reporting period in which they are determined. Using established industry and actuarial best practices and assuming no change in the regulatory or economic environment, this detailed and comprehensive methodology determines asbestos reserves based on 
assessments of the characteristics of exposure (i.e. claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by individual policyholders, and determines environmental reserves based on assessments of the characteristics of exposure (i.e. environmental damages, respective shares of liability of potentially responsible parties, appropriateness and cost of remediation) to pollution and related clean-up costs. The number and cost of these claims are affected by advertising by trial lawyers seeking asbestos plaintiffs, and entities with asbestos exposure seeking bankruptcy protection as a result of asbestos liabilities, initially causing a delay in the reporting of claims, often followed by an acceleration and an increase in claims and claims expenses as settlements occur. 
After evaluating our insureds’ probable liabilities for asbestos and environmental claims, we evaluate our insureds’ coverage programs for such claims. We consider our insureds’ total available insurance coverage, including the coverage we issued. We also consider relevant judicial interpretations of policy language and applicable coverage defenses or determinations, if any.
