VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
After-tax compensation expense for stock-based compensation related to RSUs and PSUs described above included in Net income attributable to Verizon was $ 780 million, $ 872 million and $ 720 million for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
We maintain non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for certain employees. In addition, we maintain postretirement health care and life insurance plans for certain retirees and their dependents, which are both contributory and non-contributory, and include a limit on our share of the cost for certain current and future retirees. In accordance with our accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefits, operating expenses include service costs associated with pension and other postretirement benefits while other credits and/or charges based on actuarial assumptions, including projected discount rates, an estimated return on plan assets, and impact from health care trend rates are reported in Other income (expense), net. These estimates are updated in the fourth quarter to reflect actual return on plan assets and updated actuarial assumptions or upon a remeasurement event. The adjustment is recognized in the income statement during the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event pursuant to our accounting policy for the recognition of actuarial gains and losses. 
Pension and other postretirement benefits for certain employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. Modifications in benefits have been bargained from time to time, and we may also periodically amend the benefits in the management plans. The following tables summarize benefit costs, as well as the benefit obligations, plan assets, funded status and rate assumptions associated with pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested options and restricted stock with a fair value of $ 824 million. Of the total consideration, $ 387 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 437 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
In April 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of CloudCraze LLC ("CloudCraze"), for consideration consisting of cash and equity awards assumed. CloudCraze is a commerce platform that allows businesses to generate online revenue and scale for growth. CloudCraze delivers interactions across commerce, sales, marketing and service. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for CloudCraze was approximately $ 190 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 58 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one to seven years . The Company recorded approximately $ 134 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating CloudCraze's technology with the Company's other offerings. The goodwill balance is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
asset category. In addition, the policies specify various asset allocation and other risk limits. The target asset allocation takes the plans’ funding status into consideration, among other factors, including anticipated demographic changes or liquidity requirements that may affect the funding status such as the potential impact of lump sum settlements as well as existing or expected market conditions. In general, the allocation has a lower overall investment risk when a plan is in a stronger funded status position since there is less economic incentive to take risk to increase the expected returns on the plan assets. The pension plans’ asset exposure within each asset category is tracked against widely accepted 
(2) The actual percentage of plan assets for equity securities includes 3 % and 1 % of fixed income mutual funds in 2021 and 2020, respectively, that are subject to the fixed income securities target allocation. 
The target asset allocation for an asset category may be achieved either through direct investment holdings, through replication using derivative instruments (e.g., futures or swaps) or net of hedges using derivative instruments to reduce exposure to an asset category. The net notional amount of derivatives used for replication and non-hedging strategies is limited to 115 % of total plan assets. Market performance of the different asset categories may, from time to time, cause deviation from the target
