SALESFORCE INC report:
In certain cases, we are able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, we use a range of SSP. We determine the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography. 
Business Combinations. Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pre-acquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets. 
Income Taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character, for example, ordinary income or capital gains, within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Through our normal business activities, we are subject to significant credit and counterparty risks that arise through commercial sales and purchases, including forward commitments to buy or sell, and through various OTC derivative instruments that we use to manage risks inherent in our business activities. We define credit and counterparty risk as a potential financial loss due to the failure of a counterparty to honor its obligations. The exposure is measured based upon several factors, including unpaid accounts receivable from counterparties, as well as unrealized gains from forward purchase or sale contracts and OTC derivative instruments. Credit and counterparty risk also includes sovereign credit risk. We actively monitor credit and counterparty risk through a regular review of exposures and credit analysis by regional credit teams, as well as a review by global and corporate committees that monitor counterparty performance. We record provisions for counterparty losses from time to time as a result of our credit and counterparty analysis. 
During periods of tight conditions in global credit markets, downturns in regional or global economic conditions, and/or significant price volatility, credit and counterparty risks are heightened. This increased risk is monitored through, among other things, exposure reporting, increased communication with key counterparties, management reviews, and specific focus on counterparties or groups of counterparties that we may determine as high risk. We have reduced exposures and associated position limits in certain cases, and also decreased our use of non-exchange cleared derivative instruments. 
We operate in many areas of the food industry, from agricultural raw materials to the production and sale of branded food products. As a result, we purchase and produce various materials, many of which are agricultural commodities, including: soybeans, soybean oil, soybean meal, palm oil (from crude to various degrees of refined products), softseeds (including sunflower seed, rapeseed, and canola) and related oil and meal derived from them, wheat, barley, shea nut, and corn.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our quantitative impairment assessment consisted of comparing the estimated fair value of our aggregate wireless licenses to the aggregated carrying amount as of the test date. Under our quantitative assessment, we estimated the fair value of our wireless licenses using the Greenfield approach. The Greenfield approach is an income based valuation approach that values the wireless licenses by calculating the cash flow generating potential of a hypothetical start-up company that goes into business with no assets except the wireless licenses to be valued. A discounted cash flow analysis is used to estimate what a marketplace participant would be willing to pay to purchase the aggregated wireless licenses as of the valuation date. As a result, we were required to make significant estimates about future cash flows and profitability specifically associated with our wireless licenses, an appropriate discount rate based on the risk associated with those estimated cash flows 
and assumed terminal value and growth rates. We considered current and expected future economic conditions, current and expected availability of wireless network technology and infrastructure and related equipment and the costs thereof as well as other relevant factors in estimating future cash flows and profitability. The discount rate represented our estimate of the weighted-average cost of capital (WACC), or expected return, that a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date. We developed the discount rate based on our consideration of the cost of debt and equity of a group of guideline companies as of the valuation date. Accordingly, our discount rate incorporated our estimate of the expected return a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date, including the risk premium associated with the current and expected economic conditions as of the valuation date. The terminal value growth rate represented our estimate of the marketplace’s long-term growth rate. 
The quantitative impairment assessment we performed during the fourth quarter of 2021 indicated that the fair value of our wireless licenses is substantially in excess of their carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. In the event of a 10% decline in the fair value of our wireless licenses, the fair value would have still exceeded their carrying value. We do not believe reasonable changes in significant estimates would change the outcome to this quantitative assessment. For instance, if either the terminal value growth rate declined by 50 basis points (bps) or if the WACC increased by 50 bps, the fair value of wireless licenses would still exceed its carrying value.
