ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2021, operating earnings for the Medical Devices segment increased 48.6 percent. The operating margin profile increased from 30.8 percent of sales in 2019 to 31.4 percent in 2021 primarily due to higher sales volumes in Diabetes Care and Abbott’s cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses. This growth was partially offset by pricing pressures on drug eluting stents (DES) as a result of market competition in the U.S. and other major markets.
In Abbott’s worldwide diagnostics business, sales increased 42.7 percent in 2021 and 40.6 percent in 2020, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. As was discussed above, sales growth in 2021 was driven by demand for Abbott's portfolio of rapid diagnostics tests for COVID-19 and higher routine diagnostics testing in the core laboratory business, partially offset by lower demand for Abbott’s laboratory-based tests for COVID-19 in the molecular diagnostics business. Growth in 2020 was driven by demand for Abbott's portfolio of COVID-19 diagnostics tests across its rapid and lab-based platforms, partially offset by lower volumes of routine laboratory testing due to the pandemic.
Abbott has regulatory approvals in the U.S., Europe, China, and other markets for the “Alinity c” and “Alinity i” instruments and has continued to build out its test menu for clinical chemistry and immunoassay diagnostics. Abbott has obtained regulatory approval for the “Alinity h” instrument for hematology in Europe and Japan. Abbott has also obtained regulatory approvals in the U.S., Europe and other markets for the “Alinity s” (blood screening) and “Alinity m” (molecular) instruments and several testing assays.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• a $51.2 million year-to-year increase in cash distributions paid to common unitholders attributable to increases in the quarterly cash distribution rate per unit; partially offset by
 • a net $757.4 million year-to-year increase in net cash inflows from debt. In 2020, we issued $4.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of $1.5 billion principal amount of senior notes. In 2019, we issued $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, partially offset by the repayment or repurchase of $1.52 billion principal amount of senior and junior subordinated notes. In addition, net repayments of short term notes under EPO’s commercial paper program were $481.8 million in 2020 compared to net issuances of $481.8 million in 2019; and
Our partnership agreement requires us to make quarterly distributions to our unitholders of all available cash, after any cash reserves established by Enterprise GP in its sole discretion. Cash reserves include those for the proper conduct of our business, including those for capital investments, debt service, working capital, operating expenses, common unit repurchases, commitments and contingencies and other amounts. The retention of cash by the partnership allows us to reinvest in our growth and reduce our future reliance on the equity and debt capital markets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and their customers together in the digital age. Founded in 1999, we enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain and artificial intelligence, to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. 
With our Customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to help companies with their digital transformation. Customer 360 gives teams sales, service, marketing and commerce capabilities and more, and a single shared view of their customers so they can work together to build lasting, trusted relationships and deliver the personalized experiences their customers expect. With our acquisition of Slack Technologies, Inc. (“Slack”) in July 2021, we are also creating a new digital headquarters where companies, employees, governments, and stakeholders can create success from anywhere. 
Our Customer 360 service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, rapidly deployed and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. We also enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings.
