BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Cash provided by financing activities was $631 million in the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to cash used for financing activities of $180 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The net increase of $956 million in borrowings in 2018 was primarily related to the funding of acquisitions, financing capital expenditures and funding working capital needs. In addition, we paid dividends of $305 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares. In 2017, dividends paid to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares were $281 million. 
Background —We advance collateralized funds to counterparties (farmers and crop resellers), primarily to secure the origination of soybeans for our soybean processing facilities in Brazil. These activities are generally intended to be short-term in nature. The ability of our counterparties to repay these amounts is affected by agricultural economic conditions in the relevant geography, which are, in turn, affected by commodity prices, currency exchange rates, crop input costs and crop quality and yields. As a result, these arrangements are typically secured, including by a farmer's crop and, in many cases, land and other assets. In the event of counterparty default, we generally initiate legal proceedings to recover the defaulted amounts. However, the legal recovery process through the judicial system is a long-term process, generally spanning a number of years. Additionally, we may seek to renegotiate certain terms of our contract with the defaulting supplier in order to accelerate the recovery of amounts owed. 
Because Brazilian farmer credit exposures are denominated in local currency, reported values are impacted by movements in the value of the Brazilian real when translated into U.S. dollars. From December 31, 2018 to December 31, 2019 , the Brazilian real depreciated by approximately 4% , decreasing the reported farmer credit exposure balances when translated into U.S. dollars.

BOEING CO report:
Contingent Repurchase Commitments The repurchase price specified in contingent repurchase commitments is generally lower than the expected fair value at the specified repurchase date. Estimated proceeds from collateral/recourse in the table above represent the lower of the contracted repurchase price or the expected fair value of each aircraft at the specified repurchase date. 
Indemnifications to ULA During the first quarter of 2020, the USAF and ULA reached a settlement regarding previously questioned deferred support and deferred production costs. As part of the settlement the USAF agreed to reimburse ULA for $ 307 of those costs, which was received by ULA in the second quarter. Our indemnification to ULA associated with the recoverability of contributed assets 
Other Indemnifications In conjunction with our sales of Electron Dynamic Devices, Inc. and Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power businesses and our BCA facilities in Wichita, Kansas and Tulsa and McAlester, Oklahoma, we agreed to indemnify, for an indefinite period, the buyers for costs relating to pre-closing environmental conditions and certain other items. We are unable to assess the potential number of future claims that may be asserted under these indemnifications, nor the amounts thereof (if any). As a result, we cannot estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnities and therefore, no liability has been recorded. To the extent that claims have been made under these indemnities and/or are probable and reasonably estimable, liabilities associated with these indemnities are included in the environmental liability disclosure in Note 13.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in countries including the United States, France, and Germany. In January 2020, the Company reached a settlement with the IRS Appeals primarily related to transfer pricing issues in earlier tax years, and income tax reserves were adjusted accordingly. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed in the Company's tax audits are resolved in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. 
The Company has operations and taxable presence in multiple jurisdictions in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions around the world. The Company currently considers U.S. federal, Japan, Australia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and Israel to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal tax returns since fiscal 2008 remain open to examination. With some exceptions, tax years prior to fiscal 2016 in jurisdictions outside of U.S. are generally closed. However, in Japan and United Kingdom, the Company is no longer subject to examinations for years prior to fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2017, respectively. 
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that a decrease of unrecognized tax benefits up to approximately $ 18 million may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse.
