BOEING CO report:
Our final incurred costs for each year are subject to audit and review for allowability by the U.S. government, which can result in payment demands related to costs they believe should be disallowed. We work with the U.S. government to assess the merits of claims and where appropriate reserve for amounts disputed. If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve disputed costs, we could be required to record an earnings charge and/or provide refunds to the U.S. government. 
The following table provides quantitative data regarding our third party guarantees. The maximum potential payments represent a “worst-case scenario,” and do not necessarily reflect amounts that we expect to pay. Estimated proceeds from collateral and recourse represent the anticipated values of assets we could liquidate or receive from other parties to offset our payments under guarantees. The carrying amount of liabilities represents the amount included in Accrued liabilities. 
Indemnifications to ULA In 2006, we agreed to indemnify ULA through December 31, 2020 against potential non-recoverability and non-allowability of $ 1,360 of Boeing Delta launch program inventory included in contributed assets plus $ 1,860 of inventory subject to an inventory supply agreement which ends on March 31, 2021 . See Note 8 . ULA has yet to consume $ 52 of contributed inventory.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company will adopt the new guidance effective January 1, 2023, using the modified retrospective approach. The Company is finalizing its implementation activities which include updating processes and controls resulting from the new guidance, model validation, and establishing new accounting policies and practices for validating model inputs and assumptions on a periodic basis. 
The expected decrease in equity includes the anticipated decrease in AOCI primarily attributable to a change in the discount rate used in measuring the liability for future policy benefits for traditional life contracts and other long-term products with guaranteed terms from a portfolio-based rate at contract issuance to an upper-medium grade fixed income-based rate. The expected decrease in equity also includes the anticipated decrease in retained income which primarily relates to certain long-term contracts with guaranteed terms with net premium ratios that are required to be adjusted at the transition date. The impact on equity, AOCI, and retained income excludes sold contracts that would meet the conditions included in ASU 2022-05. 
National General On January 4, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of National General Holdings Corp. (“National General”), an insurance holding company serving customers predominantly through independent agents for property and casualty and accident and health products.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
(2) Includes $558 million and $348 million of local currency borrowings in certain Central and Eastern European, South American, and Asia-Pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 24.54% and 27.16% as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. 
We have also entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds with financial institutions primarily relating to the guarantee of our future performance on certain contracts. Contingent liabilities on outstanding standby letter of credit agreements and surety bonds aggregated to $1,226 million and $1,156 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
Our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt. However, credit rating downgrades would increase our borrowing costs under our credit facilities and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on competitive terms. A significant increase in our borrowing costs could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
