WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In the United States, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES Act”) was enacted on March 27, 2020, and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 was enacted on December 27, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, the Company does not expect the CARES Act or the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 to have a material effect on its financial position and results of operations. The Company continues to monitor other relief measures taken by the U.S. and other governments around the world. 
The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of most of the Company’s international subsidiaries is the local currency. Financial statements of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates for revenues and expenses for the respective periods. Cash flows from the Company's operations in foreign countries are generally translated at the weighted average rate for the applicable period in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Such translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. 
The Company is exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that it enters into transactions denominated in currencies other than its subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies. Transactions denominated in currencies other than subsidiaries’ functional currencies are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise. Such transactions include affiliate and ad sales arrangements, content arrangements, equipment and other vendor purchases and intercompany transactions. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in the Company's consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses based upon period-end exchange rates. The Company also records realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency are included in other income (expense), net.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) Amounts recorded for unsettled and settled NIH derivative contracts are recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment within other comprehensive earnings. The cash flows from the settled contracts are reported within other investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
After-tax gains/(losses) related to hedges of net investments in international operations in the form of euro, British pound sterling, Swiss franc and Canadian dollar-denominated debt were recorded within the cumulative translation adjustment section of other comprehensive income and were: 
   U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans   2020 2019 2020 2019   (in millions) Projected benefit obligation at January 1 $ 1,748   $ 1,511   $ 10,458   $ 9,578   Service cost 6   38   121   122   Interest cost 49   60   149   202   Benefits paid ( 35 ) ( 40 ) ( 473 ) ( 424 ) Settlements paid ( 95 ) ( 73 ) —   ( 1 ) Actuarial (gains)/losses 213   251   679   761   Currency —   —   572   207   Other (1)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Beaumont Marine West terminal is located on the Neches River near Beaumont, Texas. This terminal includes three deep-water docks and one barge dock that facilitate the exporting and importing of crude oil and related products.
 • The Cushing terminal is located at the Cushing hub in Oklahoma and provides crude oil storage, pumpover and trade documentation services. This terminal is one of the origination points for our Seaway Pipeline.
 • The Corpus Christi terminal, located in Corpus Christi, Texas, is capable of loading ocean-going vessels with either crude oil or condensate. The terminal includes one deep-water ship dock and serves Eagle Ford Shale and Permian Basin producers through a connection with our Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System.
