ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Under the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $ 46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an Abbott stock price of $ 39.36 , which reflects the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $ 81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total purchase consideration of $ 23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $ 2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.
In 2016, Abbott and St. Jude Medical agreed to sell certain businesses to Terumo Corporation (Terumo) for approximately $ 1.12 billion. The sale included the St. Jude Medical Angio-Seal™ and Femoseal™ vascular closure and Abbott’s Vado ® Steerable Sheath businesses. The sale closed on January 20, 2017 and no gain or loss was recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
On October 3, 2017, Abbott acquired Alere, a diagnostic device and service provider, for $ 51.00 per common share in cash, which equated to a purchase price of approximately $ 4.5 billion. As part of the acquisition, Abbott tendered for Alere’s preferred shares for a total value of approximately $ 0.7 billion. In addition, approximately $ 3.0 billion of Alere’s debt was assumed and subsequently repaid. The acquisition establishes Abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expands Abbott’s global diagnostics presence and provides access to new products, channels and geographies. Abbott utilized a combination of cash on hand and debt to fund the acquisition. See Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit for further details regarding the debt utilized for the acquisition.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
For additional information, see “Risk Factors – Regulatory and Legal Risks – Increasingly stringent regulations related to climate change could materially increase our operating costs”. 
Because of our use of radio and other communication facilities in our operations, we are subject to the Federal Communications Act of 1934, as amended. In addition, the Federal Communications Commission regulates and licenses our activities pertaining to satellite communications. There has recently been increased regulatory and enforcement focus on data protection in the U.S. (at both the state and federal level) and in other countries. 
For additional information, see “Risk Factors – Business and Operating Risks – A significant data breach or information technology system disruption could materially adversely affect us”.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
These amounts may differ from repurchases of common stock in the consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. Purchases are made from time to time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under SEC Rule 10b5-1. 
The Company grants stock-based compensation, primarily to employees and non-employee directors. Grants to all executive officers are performance-based. Through a series of shareholder approvals, there have been amended and restated plans and new provisions implemented by the Company. RSUs are subject to quarterly vesting upon retirement or voluntary termination. Employees who attain at least 25 years of service with the Company receive shares under accelerated vesting provisions on the annual vesting date. The 2019 Incentive Plan authorized the issuance of 17,500,000 shares ( 10,000,000 RSUs) of common stock for future grants, plus the remaining shares that were available for grant and the future forfeited shares from grants under the previous plan, up to a maximum aggregate of 27,800,000 shares ( 15,885,000 RSUs). The Company issues new shares of common stock upon vesting of RSUs. Shares for vested RSUs are generally delivered to participants annually, net of shares withheld for taxes. 
RSUs granted to employees and to non-employee directors generally vest over five and three years, respectively. Additionally, the terms of the RSUs, including performance-based awards, provide for accelerated vesting for employees and non-employee directors who have attained 25 or more and five or more years of service with the Company, respectively. Recipients are not entitled to vote or receive dividends on unvested and undelivered shares. At the end of 2020, 13,624,000 shares were available to be granted as RSUs under the 2019 Incentive Plan.
