BOEING CO report:
We have entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds with financial institutions primarily relating to the guarantee of our future performance on certain contracts. Contingent liabilities on outstanding letters of credit agreements and surety bonds aggregated approximately $ 3,634 and $ 4,238 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
McDonnell Douglas Corporation insured its executives with Company Owned Life Insurance (COLI), which are life insurance policies with a cash surrender value. Although we do not use COLI currently, these obligations from the merger with McDonnell Douglas are still a commitment at this time. We have loans in place to cover costs paid or incurred to carry the underlying life insurance policies. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the cash surrender value was $ 374 and $ 395 and the total loans were $ 360 and $ 382 . As we have the right to offset the loans against the cash surrender value of the policies, we present the net asset in Other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
We have recorded earnings charges for losses on a number of fixed-price development contracts. Fixed-price development work is inherently uncertain and subject to significant variability in estimates of the cost and time required to complete the work. The operational and technical complexities of these contracts create financial risk, which could trigger additional earnings charges, termination provisions, order cancellations or other financially significant exposure.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Distribution and Logistics —We have developed an extensive global logistics network to transport our products, including trucks, railcars, river barges and ocean freight vessels. Typically, we either lease the transportation assets or contract with third parties for these services. To better serve our customer base and develop our global distribution and logistics capabilities, we own or operate either directly or through joint venture arrangements, various port terminal facilities globally, including in Brazil, Argentina, the United States, Canada, Russia, Ukraine, Poland, Vietnam and Australia. 
Financial Services and Activities —We also offer various financial services, principally trade structured finance and financial risk management services for customers and other third parties. Our trade structured finance operations leverage our international trade flows to generate trade finance derived liquidity in emerging markets for third parties. Our financial risk management services include structuring and marketing risk management products to enable agricultural producers and end users of commodities to manage their commodity price risk exposures. We also engage in trading of foreign exchange and other financial instruments in our financial services business. Additionally, in Brazil, we provide financing services to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities. Our farmer financing activities are an integral part of our grain and oilseed origination activities as they help assure the annual supply of raw materials for our Brazilian agribusiness operations. 
Biodiesel —We own and operate biodiesel facilities in Europe and Brazil   and have equity method investments in biodiesel producers in Europe and Argentina. This business is complementary to our core Agribusiness operations as in each case we supply some of the raw materials (refined or partially refined vegetable oil) used in their production processes.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;
