MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The fair value for customer relationships at the acquisition date was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach. The fair value measurements of intangible assets are based on significant unobservable inputs, and thus represent Level 3 inputs. Significant assumptions used in assessing the fair values of intangible assets include discounted future cash flows, customer attrition rates and discount rates. 
On July 16, 2019, we acquired a majority interest in a U.S. refrigerated nutrition bar company, Perfect Snacks, within our North America segment for $ 284 million cash paid, net of cash received, and expanded our position in broader snacking. During the first quarter of 2020, we finalized the purchase price allocation of $ 31 million to definite-life intangible assets, $ 107 million to indefinite-life intangible assets, $ 150 million to goodwill, $ 1 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 12 million to inventory, $ 8 million to accounts receivable, $ 13 million to current liabilities, $ 3 million to deferred tax liabilities and $ 9 million to other liabilities. Through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition, Perfect Snacks added incremental net revenues of $ 55 million and an immaterial amount of incremental operating income in 2020. 
On May 28, 2019, we completed the sale of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa to Arla Foods of Denmark. In 2019, we received cash proceeds of $ 161 million and divested $ 19 million of current assets and $ 96 million of non-current assets. During 2019, we recorded a net pre-tax gain of $ 44 million on the sale. The divestiture resulted in year-over-year declines in net revenues of $ 55 million and operating income of $ 9 million during 2020. We incurred divestiture-related costs of $ 4 million in 2020 and $ 6 million in 2019.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We use commodity-based derivative contracts and financial instruments, when we deem it appropriate, to manage the risks associated with changes in the prices of fuel and fuel-related products, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, or to capture market opportunities. We utilize hedge accounting and formally designate certain of our derivative instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. Derivative instruments that are not designated are considered non-designated hedges and are designed to achieve an economic offset of the underlying price risk exposure. Financial instruments and positions affecting our financial statements are described below and are held primarily for hedging purposes. As a result, any changes in income associated with our derivatives contracts are substantially offset by corresponding changes in the value of the underlying risk being mitigated. 
Our commercial business segments use derivative instruments, primarily futures, forward, swap, and option contracts, in various markets to manage price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel. Certain of these derivative instruments are utilized to mitigate the risk of price volatility in forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge relationship and to mitigate the risk of changes in the price of our inventory in a fair value hedge relationship. In addition, we use derivatives as economic hedges or to optimize the value of our fuel inventory to capitalize on anticipated market opportunities. As of December 31, 2018 , and December 31, 2017 , the notional and fair market values of our commodity-based derivative instruments position were as follows (in millions, except weighted average contract price): 
We hedge our exposure to currency exchange rate changes, such as foreign-currency-denominated trade receivables, payables, or local currency tax payments. The foreign currency exchange rate risk results primarily from our international operations and is economically hedged using forward and swap contracts. The changes in the fair value of these foreign currency exchange derivatives are recorded in earnings. Since the gains or losses on the forward and swap contracts are substantially offset by the gains or losses from remeasuring the hedged foreign-currency-denominated exposure, we do not believe that a hypothetical 10% change in exchange rates at December 31, 2018 would have a material impact on our income from operations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations are reported under four business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services, (ii) Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, (iii) Natural Gas Pipelines & Services and (iv) Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed according to the types of services rendered (or technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold. 
 • Our NGL Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities, NGL pipelines, NGL fractionation facilities, NGL and related product storage facilities, and NGL marine terminals.
 • Our Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas pipeline systems that provide for the gathering, treating and transportation of natural gas. This segment also includes our natural gas marketing activities.
