ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The extent of the impact and the timing of a recovery in the number of procedures and routine testing in a particular country or geographic region depended upon the progression of COVID-19 cases in that country or region as well as the actions taken by the government in that country related to COVID-19. In 2020, the recovery in procedures and routine testing volumes in China began in March 2020. In other parts of the world, such as the U.S. and Europe, volumes improved across Abbott’s hospital-based businesses as the second quarter progressed and the improvement continued in the third quarter. However, in the fourth quarter of 2020, the improving trends in the demand for procedures and routine testing flattened or were negatively impacted depending upon the business and the region as many countries, including the U.S., experienced an increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations. 
While routine diagnostic testing and cardiovascular and neuromodulation procedure volumes were negatively impacted early in 2021 by elevated COVID-19 case rates, overall volumes improved over the course of the year until the latter part of 2021 when demand softened in several geographies with the emergence of another variant.
While Abbott’s branded generic pharmaceuticals business was also negatively affected by the pandemic in 2020 as COVID-19 spread across emerging market countries in the second and third quarters of 2020, volumes recovered and grew in 2021. Abbott’s nutritional and diabetes care businesses were the least affected by the pandemic as is further discussed below.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are recorded as a separate component on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income in the consolidated statements of operations for the period. 
The Company’s enterprise cloud computing services are typically warranted to perform in a manner consistent with general industry standards that are reasonably applicable and materially in accordance with the Company’s online help documentation under normal use and circumstances. 
The Company’s arrangements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if its products or services infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any material liabilities related to such obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. The resulting exchange gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange (losses) gains - net unless the remeasurement gain or loss relates to an intercompany transaction that is of a long-term investment nature and for which settlement is neither planned nor anticipated in the foreseeable future, in which case the remeasurement gain or loss is reported as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets. 
At period-end, amounts included in the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity are translated using average exchange rates during each period. Assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates and resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
Our RMI, forward RMI purchase and sale contracts, and exchange-traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. RMI are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs (see Note 6- Inventories to our consolidated financial statements for RMI balances as of December 31, 2022). We estimate the fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on commodity futures exchange quotations, broker or dealer quotations, or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter ("OTC") markets with appropriate adjustments for differences in local markets where our inventories are located. Certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. The significant unobservable inputs for RMI and physically-settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimates regarding transportation costs and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight-related adjustments in the interior of Brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in Canada. In both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums, and discounts in our contracts. Counterparty credit and performance risk on forward commodity purchase and sale contracts is included in the determination of fair value. From time to time, we have experienced instances of counterparty non-performance as a result of significant declines in counterparty profitability under these contracts due to movements in commodity prices between the time the contracts were executed and the contractual forward delivery period. However, based on historical experience with our suppliers and customers, our own credit risk, and knowledge of current market conditions, we do not view non-performance risk to be a significant input to fair value for the majority of our forward commodity purchase and sale contracts.
