ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Novel Coronavirus Pandemic or COVID-19 (“Coronavirus ”) resulted in governments worldwide enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including travel restrictions, government-imposed shelter-in-place orders, quarantine periods, social distancing, and restrictions on large gatherings. These measures have moderated significantly, but new variants of the Coronavirus could result in further economic volatility. The Company continues to closely monitor and proactively adapt to developments and changing conditions. Currently, it is not possible to reliably estimate the continuing impact to the Company’s operations, but the effects have been and could be material. 
Certain growth and profitability comparisons to the prior year were impacted, in part, by the effects the Coronavirus had on prior year results. Throughout 2021 the Company experienced lower auto accident claim frequency and different claim patterns than historically experienced. Total auto claim frequency has since increased, but remains below pre-pandemic levels. 
The Coronavirus has affected operations and may continue to significantly affect results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The impact from the pandemic should be considered when comparing the current year to the prior years, including:

SALESFORCE INC report:
Using an income approach, the Company assessed the contractual terms and conditions of the reseller agreement as compared to current market conditions, such as the cost to service contracts sold under the reseller agreement, and determined that the terms were not at fair value. Specifically, the reseller agreement provided favorable terms to Salesforce.org by providing the Company's products and services at no cost. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash charge of approximately $ 166 million within operating expenses on the date the transaction closed. The loss represents the difference between the value of the remaining performance obligation recorded by Salesforce.org under the reseller agreement and the value of the remaining performance obligation if those same contracts had been sold at fair value. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. 
In May 2019, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MapAnything, Inc. ("MapAnything"), which integrates map-based visualization, asset tracking and route optimization for field sales and service teams. The Company has included the financial results of MapAnything, which are not material, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Residential Fixed Services . We provide residential fixed connectivity solutions to customers over our 100% fiber-optic network under the Fios brand, and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. During 2018, we commercially launched fifth-generation (5G) wireless technology for the home (5G Home) on proprietary standards in four U.S. markets and on global standards in a fifth market in 2019. 
We offer residential fixed services tailored to the needs of our customers. Depending on those needs at a particular time, our services may include features related to, among other things: Internet access at different speed tiers using fiber-optic, copper or wireless technology; video services that may feature a variety of channel options, video on demand products, cloud-based services and digital video recording capabilities; over-the-top video services; and voice services. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, our Business segment provides communications products and enhanced services, including video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT products and services.
