COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Effective March 1, 2021, we permanently increased wages for hourly and most salaried warehouse employees. The estimated annualized pre-tax cost is approximately $400. Additionally, in certain areas in the United States governments have mandated or are considering mandating extra pay for classes of employees that include our employees, which has and will result in higher costs. 
U.S. 15 % 8 % 8 % Canada 20 % 5 % 2 % Other International 19 % 9 % 2 % Total Company 16 % 8 % 6 % Increases in comparable sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency and gasoline prices (1) : 
Net sales increased $28,832 or 18% during 2021. The improvement was attributable to an increase in comparable sales of 16%, and sales at new warehouses opened in 2020 and 2021. While sales in all core merchandise categories increased, sales were particularly strong in non-foods. Sales increases were also strong in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly e-commerce and gasoline. Certain merchandise categories were impacted by inflation higher than what we have experienced in recent years.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Marcus Hook Terminal which includes fractionation, storage and exporting assets. This facility is connected to our Mariner East pipeline system, which provides for the transportation of ethane and LPG products from western Pennsylvania, West Virginia and eastern Ohio to our Marcus Hook Terminal where these component products can be exported, processed or locally distributed; 
• other NGL storage assets, located at our Cedar Bayou and Hattiesburg storage facilities, and our Nederland, Marcus Hook and Inkster NGL terminals with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 17 MMBbls. 
In the first quarter of 2020, we completed and placed into operation a seventh fractionator at our Mont Belvieu facility. In addition, we placed into service the Lone Star Express pipeline in the third quarter of 2020. The NGL pipelines primarily transport NGLs from the Permian and Delaware basins and the Barnett and Eagle Ford Shales to Mont Belvieu.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and accounts receivable. Collateral is not required for accounts receivable. The Company maintains an allowance for its doubtful accounts receivable due to estimated credit losses. This allowance is based upon historical loss patterns, the number of days that billings are past due, an evaluation of the potential risk of loss associated with delinquent accounts and current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss patterns. The Company records the allowance against bad debt expense through the consolidated statement of operations, included in general and administrative expense, up to the amount of revenues recognized to date. Any incremental allowance is recorded as an offset to unearned revenue on the consolidated balance sheet. Receivables are written off and charged against the recorded allowance when the Company has exhausted collection efforts without success. 
No single customer accounted for more than five percent of accounts receivable at January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020. No single customer accounted for five percent or more of total revenue during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. As of January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020, assets located outside the Americas were 15 percent and 12 percent of total assets, respectively. As of January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020, assets located in the United States were 82 percent and 87 percent of total assets, respectively. 
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio. As of January 31, 2021, the Company held one publicly traded investment with a carrying value that was approximately 35 percent of its total strategic investments, one publicly traded investment with a carrying value greater than 15 percent of its total strategic investments, and one privately held investment with a carrying value that was individually greater than five percent of its strategic investment portfolio. The two publicly held investments represented 53 percent of the total balance of the Company’s strategic investments as of January 31, 2021. As of January 31, 2020, the Company held five investments that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments, of which one was publicly traded and four were privately held.
