SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple cloud services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, including the determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting and the determination of standalone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation, particularly for products and services that are not sold separately. 
Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management’s judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to identify performance obligations and allocate the transaction price to those performance obligations, including controls over determining standalone selling price. To test revenue recognized, we obtained an understanding of the Company’s various product and service offerings and evaluated management’s application of the revenue recognition accounting requirements to determine which product and service offerings were distinct. We read executed contracts for a sample of sales transactions to assess management’s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance obligations, and tested the amounts recognized as revenue or recorded in unearned revenue. To test management’s determination of relative standalone selling price for performance obligations, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the appropriateness of the methodology applied, testing mathematical accuracy of the underlying data and calculations, and testing selections to corroborate the data underlying the Company’s calculations. We also assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures in the financial statements.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Key risks are assessed and reported through comprehensive ERRM reports prepared for senior management and the RRC. The risk summary report communicates alignment of Allstate’s risk profile with risk and return principles while providing a perspective on risk positioning. Discussion promotes active engagement with management and the RRC. Internal controls over key risks are managed and reported to senior management and the Audit Committee of the Company through a semi-annual risk control dashboard. Annually, we review risks related to the strategic plan, operating plan and incentive compensation programs with the Allstate Board. 
Framework We apply these principles using an integrated ERRM framework that focuses on assessment, transparency and dialogue. Our framework provides a comprehensive view of risks and is used by senior management and business managers to drive risk-return based decisions. We continually validate and improve our ERRM practices by benchmarking and obtaining external perspectives. 
Management and the ERRC rely on internal and external perspectives to determine an appropriate level of target economic capital. Internal perspectives include enterprise solvency and volatility assessments, stress scenarios, model assumptions and management judgment. External considerations include NAIC risk-based capital as well as S&P’s, Moody’s, and A.M. Best’s capital adequacy measurement. Our economic capital reflects management’s view of the aggregate level of capital necessary to satisfy stakeholder interests, manage Allstate’s risk profile and maintain financial strength. The impact of strategic initiatives on enterprise risk is evaluated through the economic capital framework.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The functional currency of our foreign operations is generally the local currency. For these foreign entities, we translate their financial statements into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period for income statement amounts and using end-of-period exchange rates for assets and liabilities. We record these translation adjustments in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a separate component of Equity, in our consolidated balance sheets. We record exchange gains and losses resulting from the conversion of transaction currency to functional currency as a component of Other income (expense), net. 
Pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefits earned during the year, as well as interest on projected benefit obligations, are accrued. Prior service costs and credits resulting from changes in plan benefits are generally amortized over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive benefits. Expected return on plan assets is determined by applying the return on assets assumption to the actual fair value of plan assets. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized in Other income (expense), net in the year in which they occur. These gains and losses are measured annually as of December 31 or upon a remeasurement event. Verizon management employees no longer earn pension benefits or earn service towards the Company retiree medical subsidy. See Note 11 for additional information. 
We recognize a pension or a postretirement plan’s funded status as either an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets. Also, we measure any unrecognized prior service costs and credits that arise during the period as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of applicable income tax.
