ALLSTATE CORP report:
Accident and health short duration contracts The reserve for future policy benefits includes unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense (“LAE”) reserves for individual and certain voluntary accident and health short-duration contracts and is an estimate of the Company’s liability from incurred claims at the end of the reporting period. The unpaid losses and LAE reserves are the result of an ongoing analysis of recent loss development trends and emerging historical experience. Original estimates are increased or decreased as additional information becomes known regarding individual claims. In setting its reserves, the Company reviews its loss data to estimate expected loss development. Management believes that its use of standard actuarial methodology applied to its analyses of its historical experience provides a reasonable estimate of future losses. However, actual future losses may differ from the Company’s estimate, and may be affected by future events beyond the control of management, including inflation, which may favorably or unfavorably impact the ultimate settlement of the Company’s losses and LAE, as well as changes in the law and judicial interpretations. 
The anticipated effect of inflation is implicitly considered when estimating liabilities for losses and LAE. In addition to inflation, the average severity of claims is affected by a number of factors that may vary by types and features of policies written. Future average severities are projected from historical trends, 
adjusted for implemented changes in underwriting standards and policy provisions, as well as general economic trends. These estimated trends are monitored and revised as necessary based on actual development.

BOEING CO report:
to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. 
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in earnings during 2018 was a benefit of $1,005 million , largely consistent with a benefit of $1,127 million in 2017 and $1,029 million in 2016 . The non-operating pension expense included in Other income/(loss), net was a benefit of $143 million in 2018 and $117 million in 2017 , compared with an expense of $327 million in 2016 . The benefits in 2018 and 2017 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses. The expense in 2016 reflects the amortization of non-service costs previously capitalized as inventory in prior years, primarily interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses in excess of expected returns. 
For further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs see the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 21 of this Form 10-K and see Note 23 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit cost, primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling. For example, we see significant opportunity to increase adoption of multiple offerings among our existing customers, including our largest enterprise customers and small businesses. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customer experience with new products, features and functionality and additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. We also seek to expand all editions of our offerings with new features, functions and increased security through our own development, acquisitions and partnerships. In addition, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to focus innovations and enhancements where our customers need it the most. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities globally. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to increase our investment in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Expanding into new categories and verticals. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories driven by our existing and potential customers’ needs, including analytics, e-commerce, collaboration, integration and workforce management, and expect to continue this type of category expansion in the future. For example, in fiscal 2022, as a result of customer input and demand, we introduced our Health & Safety Solution, or Dreampass, which helps companies safely return to work, travel, manage contact tracing, and also helps governments, healthcare providers, nonprofits, and organizations distribute vaccines around the world. We also introduced Net Zero Cloud, which helps customers analyze and report on their carbon footprint and provide actionable insights on emissions data in order to create long-term, sustainable value. In addition, to better meet the needs of our customers, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. These solutions help to expand our potential customer base and help to attract new customers.
