MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We own numerous trademarks and patents in many countries around the world. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are for renewable, fixed terms. We also have patents for a number of current and potential products. Our patents cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business. 
From time to time, we grant third parties licenses to use one or more of our trademarks, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets in connection with the manufacture, sale or distribution of third party products. Similarly, we sell some products under brands, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets we license from third parties. In our agreement with Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (which is now part of The Kraft Heinz Company), we each granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and their respective intellectual property rights in named jurisdictions following the spin-off of our North American grocery business. 
We pursue four objectives in research and development: food safety and quality, growth through new products, superior consumer satisfaction and reduced production costs. Our innovation efforts focus on anticipating consumer demands and adapting quickly to changing market trends. Well-being and sustainability are a significant focus of our current research and development initiatives. These initiatives aim to accelerate our growth and margins by addressing consumer needs and market trends and leveraging scalable innovation platforms, sustainability programs and initiatives as well as breakthrough technologies. In 2019, we completed a $65 million plan to build out and modernize our network of global research and development facilities. We modernized our technical center facilities at Suzhou, China; Jurong, Singapore and Thane, India in 2018. In 2019, we also completed the modernization of technical centers in Curitiba, Brazil and Mexico City, Mexico. In addition, we have invested in the Pasuruan Cocoa Technology Centre in Indonesia, which is scheduled to fully open in 2020. We are focusing our technical resources at twelve key locations to drive growth and innovation. Our network of technical centers enable greater effectiveness, improved efficiency and accelerated project delivery. These locations are in Curitiba, Brazil; Suzhou, China; Thane, India; Pasuruan, Indonesia; Mexico City, Mexico; East Hanover, New Jersey; Wroclaw, Poland; Jurong, Singapore; Bournville, United Kingdom; Reading, United Kingdom; Saclay, France and Munich, Germany.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Represents scheduled future maturities of our current and long-term debt principal obligations. For information regarding our consolidated debt obligations, see Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Estimated cash payments for interest are based on the principal amount of our consolidated debt obligations outstanding at December 31, 2019, the contractually scheduled maturities of such balances, and the applicable interest rates. Our estimated cash payments for interest are influenced by the long-term maturities of our $2.65 billion in junior subordinated notes (due June 2067 through February 2078). The estimated cash payments assume that (i) the junior subordinated notes are not repaid prior to their respective maturity dates and (ii) the amount of interest paid on the junior subordinated notes is based on either (a) the current fixed interest rate charged or (b) the weighted-average variable rate paid in 2019, as applicable, for each note through the respective maturity date .
Primarily represents (i) land held pursuant to property leases, (ii) the lease of underground storage caverns for natural gas and NGLs, (iii) the lease of transportation equipment used in our operations and (iv) office space leased from affiliates of EPCO.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our International Networks segment also owns and operates the following regional television networks, which reached the following number of subscribers and viewers via pay and FTA or broadcast networks, respectively, as of December 31, 2018 :   
(a) Number of subscribers corresponds to the sum of the subscribers to each of the Nordic broadcast networks in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark subject to retransmission agreements with pay-TV providers. The Nordic broadcast networks include Kanal 5, Kanal 9, and Kanal 11 in Sweden, TV Norge, MAX, FEM and VOX in Norway, TV 5, Kutonen, and Frii in Finland, and Kanal 4, Kanal 5, 6'eren, and Canal 9 in Denmark. 
Similar to U.S. Networks, a significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to fees charged to operators who distribute our linear networks. Such operators primarily include cable and DTH satellite service providers. International television markets vary in their stages of development. Some markets, such as the U.K., are more advanced digital television markets, while others remain in the analog environment with varying degrees of investment from operators to expand channel capacity or convert to digital technologies. Common practice in some markets results in long-term contractual distribution relationships, while customers in other markets renew contracts annually. Distribution revenue for our International Networks segment is largely dependent on the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, the rates negotiated in the distributor agreements, and the market demand for the content that we provide.
