ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Certain assets, primarily diagnostics instruments, are leased to customers under contractual arrangements that typically include an operating or sales-type lease as well as performance obligations for reagents and other consumables. Sales-type leases are not significant. Contract terms vary by customer and may include options to terminate the contract or options to extend the contract. Where instruments are provided under operating lease arrangements, some portion or the entire lease revenue may be variable and subject to subsequent non-lease component (e.g., reagent) sales. The allocation of revenue between the lease and non-lease components is based on standalone selling prices. Operating lease revenue represented less than 3 percent of Abbott’s total net sales in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
Assets related to operating leases are reported within Net property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The original cost and the net book value of such assets were $ 3.6 billion and $ 1.6 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and $ 3.5 billion and $ 1.6 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
Certain Abbott foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates primarily for anticipated intercompany purchases by those subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. These contracts, with gross notional amounts totaling $ 7.7 billion at December 31, 2022, and $ 8.6 billion at December 31, 2021, are designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of the cash flows due to changes in foreign exchange rates and are recorded at fair value. Accumulated gains and losses as of December 31, 2022 will be included in Cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally through the next twelve to eighteen months .

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s board of directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. The Company’s board of directors may designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms, and number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on the Company’s common stock, diluting the voting power of its common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of its common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. As of January 31, 2021 and 2020, no shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 
In fiscal 2021, the Company changed its international corporate structure, which included the transfer of certain intangible property to Ireland resulting in a net tax benefit of $ 2.0 billion related to foreign deferred tax assets. The deferred tax assets were recognized as a result of the book and tax basis difference on the intangible property transferred to an Irish subsidiary and were based on the intangible property’s current fair value. The determination of the estimated fair value of the intangible property is complex and judgmental due to the use of subjective assumptions in the valuation models used by management. The tax amortization related to the intellectual property transferred will be recognized in future periods and any amortization that is unused in a particular year can be carried forward indefinitely under Irish tax laws. The deferred tax asset and the tax benefit were measured based on the currently enacted Irish tax rate. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized in Ireland. In fiscal 2020, the Company recorded a tax provision primarily 
driven by incremental tax costs associated with the integration of acquired operations and assets and profitable jurisdictions outside of the United States. In fiscal 2019, the Company released a portion of its valuation allowance related to federal and state deferred tax assets, which was partially offset with the increase in unrecognized tax benefits. In addition, the Company recorded tax expense for profitable jurisdictions outside of the United States.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Some of our real estate leases contain options to renew or extend the lease or terminate the lease before the expiration date. These options are factored into the determination of the lease term and lease payments when their exercise is considered to be reasonably certain. 
We also enter into real estate leases that contain lease incentives, such as tenant improvement allowances or move-in allowances, that are received or receivable at lease commencement. These incentives reduce lease payments for classification purposes and reduce the initial ROU asset. When lease incentives are receivable at lease commencement, they also reduce the initial lease liability. 
From time to time, we enter into leases with the intention of purchasing the property, either through purchase options with a fixed price or a purchase agreement negotiated contemporaneously with the lease agreement. We classify these leases as finance leases and include the purchase date and purchase price in the lease term and lease payments, respectively, when the option to exercise or purchase is reasonably certain.
