SALESFORCE INC report:
For fiscal 2020, the increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs. Our general and administrative headcount increased by 38 percent since fiscal 2019 as we added personnel to support our growth, and our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase. We also incurred transaction costs associated with our 
various acquisitions during fiscal 2020, including approximately $40 million from Tableau. During fiscal 2019, we incurred approximately $24 million of transaction costs from our acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2019. 
As a result of the June 2019 Salesforce.org business combination, the Company effectively settled all existing agreements between the Company and Salesforce.org and, as part of business combination accounting, accordingly recorded a one-time, non-cash operating expense charge of approximately $166 million related to the effective settlement of the reseller agreement.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Additional discussion of our reportable segments is included in Item 7. under the headings "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Overview" and - "Segment Results of Operations" and in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries. 
Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. Our Business segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups targeted by these offerings: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale. 
Our Consumer and Business segments provide a wide variety of wireless services accessible on a broad range of devices. Customers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Retail (non-wholesale) postpaid accounts primarily represent retail customers that

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Operating lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of future minimum lease payments over the lease term. ROU assets are recognized based on the corresponding lease liabilities adjusted for qualifying initial direct costs, prepaid or accrued lease payments and unamortized lease incentives. As most of the 
Company’s leases do not disclose the implicit interest rate, the Company uses collateralized incremental borrowing rates based on information available at lease commencement when determining the present value of future lease payments. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease which are incorporated into the Company’s measurements when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. 
Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and include interest expense on the lease liability and amortization of the ROU asset. Variable lease costs are expensed as incurred and include maintenance costs and real estate taxes. Lease costs are reported in operating costs and expenses and totaled $ 166 million and $ 171 million, including $ 30 million of variable lease costs in both 2020 and 2019.
