SALESFORCE INC report:
Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers’ needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. As a result of customer feedback, in fiscal 2023 we developed Genie, which allows our customers to ingest, transform, harmonize, unify and visualize data across all of our industry solutions in real time. 
Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The following tables show the effect of hypothetical price movements on the estimated fair values of our principal commodity derivative instrument portfolios at the dates indicated (dollars in millions).
The fair value information presented in the sensitivity analysis tables excludes the impact of applying Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”) Rule 814, which deems that financial instruments cleared by the CME are settled daily in connection with variation margin payments. As a result of this exchange rule, CME-related derivatives are considered to have no fair value at the balance sheet date for financial reporting purposes; however, the derivatives remain outstanding and subject to future commodity price fluctuations until they are settled in accordance with their contractual terms. Derivative transactions cleared on exchanges other than the CME (e.g., the Intercontinental Exchange or ICE) continue to be reported on a gross basis.
We may utilize interest rate swaps, forward-starting swaps, options to enter into forward-starting swaps (“swaptions”), and similar derivative instruments to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates charged on borrowings under certain consolidated debt agreements. This strategy may be used in controlling our overall cost of capital associated with such borrowings.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Diagnostic Products —Worldwide sales of diagnostic systems and tests for blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories and alternate-care testing sites. For segment reporting purposes, the Core Laboratories Diagnostics, Rapid Diagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Point of Care Diagnostics divisions are aggregated and reported as the Diagnostic Products segment. 
Medical Devices —Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology, Heart Failure, Vascular, Structural Heart, Neuromodulation and Diabetes Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Medical Devices segment. 
Abbott’s underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment’s assets.
