ALLSTATE CORP report:
Return on average common shareholders’ equity For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, return on common shareholders’ equity was 5.8%, a decrease of 15.2 points from 21.0% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to lower net income applicable to common shareholders. 
Pension and other postretirement remeasurement gains and losses We recorded pension and other postretirement remeasurement gains of $644 million in 2021, primarily related to favorable asset performance compared to the expected return on plan assets and an increase in the liability discount rate. See Note 18 of the consolidated financial statements and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates section of the MD&A for further information. 
Overview Property-Liability operations consist of two reportable segments: Allstate Protection and Run-off Property-Liability. These segments are consistent with the groupings of financial information that management uses to evaluate performance and to determine the allocation of resources.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
To aid in the understanding of segment performance as it relates to segment operating income, management uses the following operating statistics to evaluate the overall effectiveness of our segments. We believe these operating statistics are useful to investors and other users of our financial information because they provide additional insight into drivers of our segments’ operating results, key trends and performance relative to our peers. These operating statistics may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to those statistics of other companies. 
Wireless retail connections are retail customer device postpaid and prepaid connections as of the end of the period. Retail connections under an account may include those from smartphones and basic phones (collectively, phones), as well as tablets and other internet devices, including wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail connections are calculated by adding total retail postpaid and prepaid new connections in the period to prior period retail connections, and subtracting total retail postpaid and prepaid disconnects in the period. 
Wireless retail postpaid connections are retail postpaid customer device connections as of the end of the period. Retail connections under an account may include those from phones, as well as tablets and other internet devices, including wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail postpaid connections are calculated by adding retail postpaid new connections in the period to prior period retail postpaid connections, and subtracting retail postpaid disconnects in the period.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility and unbilled amounts related to contracted non-cancelable subscription agreements, which is not reflected on the balance sheet, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. 
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments. 
Cash provided by operating activities has historically been affected by the amount of net income  adjusted for non-cash expense items such as depreciation and amortization; amortization of purchased intangibles from business combinations; the expense associated with stock-based awards; net gains on strategic investments; the timing of employee related costs including commissions and bonus payments; the timing of payments against accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities; the timing of our semi-annual interest payments related to our senior notes; the timing of collections from our customers, which is our largest source of operating cash flows; the timing of business combination activity and the related integration and transaction costs; and changes in working capital accounts. Net cash provided by operating activities was also impacted by payments made during fiscal 2019  for the transaction fees related to the acquisition of MuleSoft.
