MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We maintain a share-based compensation plan, which authorizes the granting of various equity-based incentives, including stock options (including stock appreciation rights), deferred stock units (DSUs) and performance share units (PSUs). Stock compensation expense is amortized to expense over the vesting period, generally three years . 
Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of our Common Stock on the grant date. Substantially all of the options become exercisable in three annual installments beginning a year from the grant date and generally expire 10 years from the grant date. We use the Black-Scholes Model to measure the fair value of stock options granted to employees. The expected life of the options represents the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding and is based on historical trends. Expected stock price volatility is based on the implied and historical volatility of the Company’s stock. The expected dividend yield is based on the Company’s most recent annual dividend rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant with a term equal to the expected life. 
DSUs are typically granted to selected management employees on an annual basis and vest over three years . Dividend equivalents are paid during the vesting period. The fair value of our DSUs and other stock-based awards is measured at the market price of our Common Stock on the grant date.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Once the Poseidon and Leonidas plants are completed and placed into service, we expect to have an aggregate 1.6 Bcf/d of natural gas processing capacity and more than 220 MBPD of NGL production capacity from our natural gas processing facility in the Midland Basin.
Delaware Basin natural gas processing facility. During 2022, we announced plans to construct two additional natural gas processing plants in the Delaware Basin, the Mentone II and III plants, which are expected to be placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively. Each of these plants will have the capacity to process 300 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract 40 MBPD of NGLs and are supported by long-term capacity agreements.
When the Mentone II and III plants are completed and placed into service, we expect to have an aggregate 2.2 Bcf/d of natural gas processing capacity and more than 300 MBPD of NGL production capacity from our natural gas processing facility in the Delaware Basin.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company designates cross-currency swaps and foreign currency forward contracts as hedges of net investments in foreign operations. Under ASU 2017-12, changes in the fair value of these instruments related to changes in spot rates are included in other comprehensive income (i.e., cumulative translation adjustment), while excluded components (i.e., anything other than the change in fair value due to changes in spot rates such as cross currency basis spread and forward points) are recorded as part of interest expense. 
On December 6, 2018, Discovery Networks SL (Spain) entered into a foreign currency forward contract with a notional value of 35.6 billion  Chilean Pesos (equivalent to $53 million ) at execution date and with a due date of December 15, 2021. This was designated a net investment hedge, hedging against changes in the foreign currency-equivalent of the net investment in the foreign operation due to movements in exchange rates. As of December 31, 2018 the Company recorded an unrealized gain of $1 million  as a cumulative translation adjustment under other comprehensive income (loss). 
On December 18, 2018, DNI Europe Holdings Limited entered into three  fixed cross-currency swaps that were all designated as net investment hedges, which had a notional amount of €750 million  (equivalent to $853 million ), and due dates in 2022 and 2027. Also on December 18, 2018, Discovery Luxembourg Holdings 1 S.A.R.L. entered into three  fixed cross-currency swaps that were all designated as net investment hedges, which had an aggregate notional amount of £674 million  (equivalent to $853 million ), and due dates in 2022 and 2027. The objective of these swaps is to protect the companies against the risk of changes in the foreign currency-equivalent of net investments in the foreign operations due to movements in foreign currency. As of December 31, 2018, the Company has recorded an unrealized loss of $10 million  in connection with these contracts which has been recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment in other comprehensive income (loss).
