WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our networks compete with other television networks, including broadcast, cable and local, for the distribution of our content and fees charged to cable television operators, DTH satellite service providers, and other distributors that carry our content. Our ability to secure distribution agreements is necessary to ensure the retention of our audiences. Our contractual agreements with distributors are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Growth in the number of networks distributed, consolidation and other market conditions in the cable and satellite distribution industry, and increased popularity of other platforms may adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of our content that are as favorable as those currently in place. The ability to secure distribution agreements is dependent upon the production, acquisition and packaging of original content, viewership, the marketing and advertising support and incentives provided to distributors, the product offering across a series of networks within a region, and the prices charged for carriage. 
Our networks and digital products compete for the sale of advertising with other television networks, including broadcast, cable, local networks, and other content distribution outlets for their target audiences and the sale of advertising. Our success in selling advertising is a function of the size and demographics of our audiences, quantitative and qualitative characteristics of the audience of each network, the perceived quality of the network and of the particular content, the brand appeal of the network and ratings as determined by third-party research companies, prices charged for advertising and overall advertiser demand in the marketplace. 
Our networks and digital products also compete for their target audiences with all forms of content and other media provided to viewers, including broadcast, cable and local networks, pay-per-view and VOD services, DVDs, online activities and other forms of news, information and entertainment.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Level 2 – includes primarily pooled funds, including assets in real estate pooled funds, valued using net asset values of participation units held in common collective trusts, as reported by the managers of the trusts and as supported by the unit prices of actual purchase and sale transactions. Level 2 plan assets also include corporate bonds and other fixed-income securities, valued using independent observable market inputs, such as matrix pricing, yield curves and indices. 
Level 3 – includes investments valued using unobservable inputs that reflect the plans’ assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets, based on the best information available. 
Fair value estimates for pooled funds are calculated by the investment advisor when reliable quotations or pricing services are not readily available for certain underlying securities. The estimated value is based on either cost or last sale price for most of the securities valued in this fashion.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
With respect to the tabular data below, the portfolio’s estimated economic value at a given date is based on a number of factors, including the number and types of derivatives outstanding at that date, the notional value of the swaps and associated interest rates. At December 31, 2019, our interest rate hedging portfolio consisted of 12 forward-starting swaps.
Forward-starting swaps hedge the risk of an increase in underlying benchmark interest rates during the period of time between the inception date of the swap agreement and the future date of a debt issuance. Under the terms of the forward-starting swaps, we pay to the counterparties (at the expected settlement dates of the instruments) amounts based on a fixed interest rate applied to a notional amount and receive from the counterparties an amount equal to a variable interest rate (based on LIBOR or an equivalent index rate) on the same notional amount.
These swaps were entered into in September 2019 as a result of the exercise of swaptions. See “Interest Rate Hedging Activities” under Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding the swaption exercise and related loss at inception.
