SALESFORCE INC report:
• an enterprise application marketplace and a community of over eighteen million Trailblazers: passionate developers, admins and experts who use Salesforce to innovate and extend the platform with thousands of partner apps. 
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings, providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities: 
Expand relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling our service offerings. For example, we continue to focus on driving multiple service offering adoption, which provides our customers with a one-stop-shop for their front-office business technology needs. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customers’ experience with new products and features, and gain additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. Finally, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In Molecular Diagnostics, sales decreased 27.4 percent in 2022 and 2.9 percent in 2021, excluding the effect of foreign exchange. In both years, the decreases were driven by lower demand for Abbott’s laboratory-based PCR molecular tests for COVID-19, partially offset by growth in other areas from the continued roll-out of the Alinity m platform . Molecular Diagnostics COVID-19 testing-related sales were $411 million in 2022, $891 million in 2021, and $1.0 billion in 2020. In 2022, Molecular Diagnostics sales increased 9.0 percent, excluding COVID-19 testing-related sales, and 13.8 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and COVID-19 testing-related sales. In 2021, Molecular Diagnostics sales increased 29.2 percent, excluding COVID-19 testing-related sales, and increased 27.0 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and COVID-19 testing-related sales. 
Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, total Medical Devices sales grew 8.1 percent in 2022 and 19.4 percent in 2021. In 2022 and 2021, the increase was driven by growth in Diabetes Care, Structural Heart, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure. The 2022 and 2021 growth in Diabetes Care sales was driven by continued growth of FreeStyle Libre, Abbott’s continuous glucose monitoring system, in the U.S. and internationally. FreeStyle Libre sales totaled $4.3 billion in 2022, which reflected a 22.4 percent increase, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, over 2021. FreeStyle Libre sales totaled $3.7 billion in 2021, which reflected a 36.8 percent increase, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, over 2020 when sales totaled $2.6 billion. 
In 2022, while procedure volumes across Abbott’s cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses were negatively impacted by new surges of COVID-19 in various geographies as well as intermittent COVID-19 lockdown restrictions in China and healthcare staffing challenges throughout the year, overall volumes improved in several businesses versus 2021. I n Electrophysiology, the 7.3 percent growth, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, reflects the increase in procedure volumes and the continued roll‑out of Abbott’s EnSite X EP System with EnSite Omnipolar Technology (OT), a new cardiac mapping platform available in the U.S., Japan and across Europe.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Legal Proceedings —The Company is subject to a number of legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. These legal proceedings, whether pending, threatened or unasserted, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, may result in liabilities material to its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company has recognized provisions with respect to the proceedings, where appropriate, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. It is possible that the Company could settle one or more of these proceedings or could be required to make expenditures, in excess of the established provisions, in amounts that cannot be reasonably estimated. However, the Company, at present, believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
These condensed parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under terms of the agreements governing its indebtedness, the net assets of USF are restricted from being transferred to US Foods in the form of loans, advances or dividends with the exception of income tax payments, share-based compensation settlements and minor administrative costs. USF had $ 1.3 billion of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $ 2.8 billion of its net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation, as of January 2, 2021. See Note 18, Share-Based Compensation, Common Stock Issuances and Common Stock, for a discussion of the Company’s equity-related transactions. In the condensed parent company financial statements below, the investment in the operating subsidiary, USF, is accounted for using the equity method. 
1   6   Commitments and Contingencies (Note 24) Mezzanine equity: Series A convertible preferred stock, $0.01 par value—25 shares authorized; 0.5 and 0.0 issued and outstanding as of January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019 519   —   Shareholders’ Equity Common stock, $0.01 par value—600 shares authorized;
