BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
(2) Includes $558 million and $348 million of local currency borrowings in certain Central and Eastern European, South American, and Asia-Pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 24.54% and 27.16% as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. 
We have also entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds with financial institutions primarily relating to the guarantee of our future performance on certain contracts. Contingent liabilities on outstanding standby letter of credit agreements and surety bonds aggregated to $1,226 million and $1,156 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
Our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt. However, credit rating downgrades would increase our borrowing costs under our credit facilities and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on competitive terms. A significant increase in our borrowing costs could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.

BOEING CO report:
The Company’s firm fixed-price contract for the Engineering, Manufacturing, and Development (EMD) effort on the U.S. Air Force’s (USAF) VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, commonly known as Air Force One, is a $ 4.3 billion program to develop and modify two 747-8 commercial aircraft. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we increased the reach-forward loss on the contract by $ 1,452 primarily driven by increases to cost estimates associated with factory modification labor and support engineering resources due to labor instability and inefficiencies that we now estimate will persist longer than previously anticipated, higher supplier cost estimates based on ongoing supplier negotiations and higher levels of engineering design changes due to technical requirements which are driving increased rework and schedule delays. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods. 
In 2011, we were awarded a contract from the USAF to design, develop, manufacture, and deliver four next generation aerial refueling tankers as well as priced options for 13 annual production lots totaling 179 aircraft. This EMD contract is a fixed-price incentive fee contract and involves highly complex designs and systems integration. Since 2016, the USAF has authorized eight low rate initial production (LRIP) lots for a total of 109 aircraft. The EMD contract and authorized LRIP lots total approximately $ 21 billion as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $ 209 of capitalized precontract costs and $ 292 of potential termination liabilities to suppliers related to unexercised future lots. 
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we increased the reach-forward loss on the KC-46A Tanker program by $ 1,374 primarily reflecting higher production and supply chain costs partially driven by labor instability and supply chain disruption, most of which was recorded during the third quarter of 2022. The increase in production costs was primarily driven by factory unit time performance expectations that assume continued production disruption due to labor instability and supply chain disruption. Factory unit time estimates also reflect reduced benefits from prior investments in productivity enablers and higher factory unit time to produce aircraft for the remaining life of the program. The current year losses also reflect increased estimated change incorporation costs for flight test aircraft as well as schedule delays to complete the Remote Vision System. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;
