BOEING CO report:
Certain assets have been measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). The following table presents the nonrecurring losses recognized for the years ended December 31 due to long-lived asset impairment, and the fair value and asset classification of the related assets as of the impairment date: 
Investments, Acquired intangible assets and Property, plant and equipment were primarily valued using an income approach based on the discounted cash flows associated with the underlying assets. The fair value of the impaired operating lease equipment is derived by calculating a median collateral value from a consistent group of third party aircraft value publications. The values provided by the third party aircraft publications are derived from their knowledge of market trades and other market factors. Management reviews the publications quarterly to assess the continued appropriateness and consistency with market trends. Under certain circumstances, we adjust values based on the attributes and condition of the specific aircraft or equipment, usually when the features or use of the aircraft vary significantly from the more generic aircraft attributes covered by third party publications, or on the expected net sales price for the aircraft. 
For Level 3 assets that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the year ended December 31, 2018 , the following table presents the fair value of those assets as of the measurement date, valuation techniques and related unobservable inputs of those assets.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Trade accounts payable - Trade accounts payable were $2,636 million at December 31, 2020, a decrease of $206 million from $2,842 million at December 31, 2019. The decrease is due to the timing of payments on account as well as the reclassification of liabilities associated with certain of our U.S. grain assets and our oils refinery in Rotterdam, Netherlands as held for sale. 
Other current liabilities - Other current liabilities were $5,278 million at December 31, 2020, an increase of $3,019 million from $2,259 million at December 31, 2019. The increase is primarily due to unrealized losses on derivative contracts and Liabilities held for sale (see Note 2- Portfolio Rationalization Initiatives , to our consolidated financial statements). 
Financing Arrangements and Outstanding Indebtedness —We conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the company efficient access to debt and capital markets. This structure includes a master trust, of which the primary assets consist of intercompany loans made to Bunge Limited and its subsidiaries. Certain of Bunge Limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, Bunge Limited Finance Corp., Bunge Finance Europe B.V. and Bunge Asset Funding Corp., fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. Borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by Bunge Limited.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
amortization of prior service credit are reported in property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense, operating costs and expenses, net investment income and (if applicable) restructuring and related charges on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
Remeasurement gains and losses relate to changes in discount rates, the differences between actual return on plan assets and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and differences between actual plan experience and actuarial assumptions. 
The weighted average health care cost trend rate used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit cost is 7.0 % for 2020 , gradually declining to 4.5 % in 2035 and remaining at that level thereafter.
