MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Annually, we assess indefinite-life intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of these assets. If significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. We determine estimated fair value using planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of royalty rates. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value, the asset is impaired and its carrying value is reduced to the estimated fair value. 
During 2020, we recorded $144 million of intangible asset impairment charges related to eight brands. We recorded charges related to gum, chocolate, biscuits and candy brands of $83 million in North America, $53 million in Europe, $5 million in AMEA and $3 million in Latin America. The impairment charges were calculated as the excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of the intangible assets on a global basis and were recorded within asset impairment and exit costs. We use several accepted valuation methods, including relief of royalty, excess earnings and excess margin, that utilize estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates in determining a brand's global fair value. We also identified nine brands, including the eight impaired brands, with $753 million of aggregate book value as of December 31, 2020 that each had a fair value in excess of book value of 10% or less. We continue to monitor our brand performance, particularly in light of the significant uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts to our business. If the brand earnings expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then a brand or brands could become impaired in the future. In 2019, we recorded charges related to gum, chocolate, biscuits and candy brands of $39 million in Europe, $15 million in AMEA and $3 million in Latin America. In 2018, we recorded charges related to gum, chocolate, biscuits and candy brands of $45 million in Europe, $14 million in North America and $9 million in AMEA. 
We promote our products with trade and sales incentives as well as marketing and advertising programs. These programs include, but are not limited to, new product introduction fees, discounts, coupons, rebates and volume-based incentives as well as cooperative advertising, in-store displays and consumer marketing promotions. Trade and sales incentives are recorded as a reduction to revenues based on amounts estimated due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. We base these estimates principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. For interim reporting purposes, advertising and consumer promotion expenses are charged to operations as a percentage of volume, based on estimated sales volume and estimated program spending. We do not defer costs on our year-end consolidated balance sheet and all marketing and advertising costs are recorded as an expense in the year incurred.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are contingent on the supply of, and demand for the energy commodities we handle across our integrated midstream energy asset network. See “ Current Outlook ” included under Part II, Item 7 of this annual report for management’s views on key midstream energy supply and demand fundamentals in 2021.
The following sections provide an overview of our business segments, including information regarding principal products produced and/or services rendered and properties owned. Our operations are reported under four business segments: NGL Pipelines & Services, Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, Natural Gas Pipelines & Services and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of gross operating margin for us. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
As of December 31, 2018 , we had issued letters of credit and bank guarantees totaling $307.7 million under our Credit Facility and other uncommitted credit lines. For additional information on our Credit Facility and other credit lines, see the discussion in “Liquidity and Capital Resources” above. 
Surety Bonds. In the normal course of business, we are required to post bid, performance and other surety-related bonds. The majority of the surety bonds posted relate to our aviation and land segments. We had outstanding bonds that were executed to satisfy various security requirements of $73.0 million as of December 31, 2018 . 
The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this 2018 10‑K Report, which has been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to unbilled revenue and associated costs of sales, bad debt, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, certain accrued liabilities, and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
