UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
The increase in other occupancy expense and other occupancy expense excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs was primarily driven by additional operating facilities coming into service. 
Other expenses, and other expenses excluding the year over year impact of transformation strategy costs and legal contingencies and expenses, increased for 2019. The increase was attributable to various items, including adjustments to reserves for self-insured automobile liability claims, bad debt expense, technology equipment and software licenses, professional service fees and advertising. These increases were partially offset by a $40 million gain on the sale of surplus property in Canada and lower travel and entertainment expenses. 
Investment income (expense) and other for the period increased $1.093 billion, which included a $760 million increase in mark-to-market pension charges. Excluding the impact of the defined benefit plan mark-to-market charges, adjusted investment income (expense) and other for the period, which includes expected investment returns on pension assets, net of interest cost on projected benefit obligations, prior service cost and investment income, decreased $333 million. Expected returns on plan assets decreased as a result of the lower asset base driven by negative asset returns in 2018, partially offset by the effects of higher discretionary contributions in 2019. Pension interest cost increased with higher year-end discount rates, ongoing plan growth and an increase in the projected benefit obligation as a result of the 2018 year-end measurement of our plans. Investment income increased as a result of higher yields on invested assets, higher overall investment balances and foreign currency exchange rate movements.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Additionally, the cost of transmitters provided to customers that use Abbott’s remote monitoring service with respect to certain medical devices are capitalized as contract costs. Capitalized transmitter costs are amortized based on the timing of the transfer of services to which the assets relate, which typically ranges from eight to ten years . The amounts as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were not significant.
Abbott discloses Trade receivables separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at the net amount expected to be collected. Contract assets primarily relate to Abbott’s conditional right to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date. Contract assets at the beginning and end of the period, as well as the changes in the balance, were not significant.
Contract liabilities primarily relate to payments received from customers in advance of performance under the contract. Abbott’s contract liabilities arise primarily in the Medical Devices reportable segment when payment is received upfront for various multi-period extended service arrangements. Changes in the contract liabilities during the period are as follows:

SALESFORCE INC report:
Income Taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character, for example, ordinary income or capital gains, within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
In fiscal 2021, we changed our international corporate structure, which included the transfer of certain intangible property between foreign affiliates resulting in a net tax benefit of $2.0 billion related to foreign deferred tax assets. The deferred tax assets were recognized as a result of the book and tax basis difference on the intangible property and were based on the intangible property’s current fair value. In determining the estimated fair value of the intangible property, we made significant estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, projected revenues, operating expenses and geographic earnings mix in the valuation models. We believe that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, and will regularly evaluate its realizability.
