ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Our operations along the Gulf Coast, including those at our Chambers County complex, may be affected by weather events such as hurricanes and tropical storms, which generally arise during the summer and fall months.
 • Residential demand for natural gas typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs and during the summer months for power generation for air conditioning. These seasonal trends affect throughput volumes on our natural gas pipelines and associated natural gas storage levels and marketing results.
 • Residential demand for propane typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs in rural areas. These seasonal trends can affect throughput volumes on our TE Products Pipeline, Dixie Pipeline and Mid-America Pipeline System and associated terminals.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
2020 Change in net revenues (by percentage point) Total change in net revenues 2.8   % Removing the following items affecting comparability: Unfavorable currency 2.4 pp Impact of divestiture 0.2 pp Impact of acquisitions (1.7) pp 
Net revenue increase of 2.8% was driven by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 3.7% and the impact of acquisitions, mostly offset by unfavorable currency and the impact of a prior-year divestiture. Net revenues were higher in developed markets, particularly North America, where due to the COVID-19 outbreak and response, demand for our products, primarily biscuits and chocolate, grew significantly as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption. However, our gum and candy categories as well as our world travel retail and foodservice businesses were negatively impacted by COVID-19. In emerging markets, where we have a greater concentration of traditional trade, several markets were challenged by COVID-19 impacts, particularly those with significant gum and candy portfolios. Overall, as the negative impacts of COVID-19 experienced in the first half of the year subsided in the second half of the year, revenue growth began to recover in a number of our key emerging markets, though overall emerging markets net revenues declined due to unfavorable currency impacts. 
Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Higher net pricing in all regions except Europe was due to the benefit of carryover pricing from 2019 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2020. Favorable volume/mix in North America and Europe, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in Latin America and AMEA, included strong volume gains tempered by unfavorable mix reflecting shifts in consumer purchases in response to the COVID-19 outbreak. The April 1, 2020 acquisition of Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $390 million and the July 16, 2019 acquisition of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks added incremental net revenues of $55 million in 2020. Unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $637 million, due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies, including the Brazilian real, Argentinean peso, Russian ruble, Mexican peso, Indian rupee, South African rand and Turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, Philippine peso, British pound sterling, Egyptian pound and Swedish krona. The impact of the May 28, 2019 divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $55 million. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our operating results are subject to seasonal variability. Our seasonality results from numerous factors, including traditionally higher demand for natural gas and home heating oil during the winter months and aviation and land fuel during the summer months, as well as other seasonal weather patterns. As such, our results of operations may fluctuate from period to period. 
Supplying fuel safely and securely is a top priority. We monitor and manage our operations through processes and procedures designed to avoid and minimize our effects and impacts on the environment. Our business activities are subject to substantial regulation by federal, state, local and international governmental agencies in the countries in which we operate, including those relating to the sale, blending, storage, transportation, delivery and disposal of fuel and the collection, transportation, processing, storage, use and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. For example, U.S. federal and state environmental laws applicable to us include statutes that: (i) allocate the cost of remedying contamination among specifically identified parties and prevent future contamination; (ii) impose national ambient standards and, in some cases, emission standards, for air pollutants that present a risk to public health or welfare; (iii) govern the management, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes; and (iv) regulate the discharge of pollutants into waterways. International treaties also prohibit the discharge of petroleum products at sea. 
Compliance with existing and future laws that regulate the delivery of fuel by barge, truck, vessel pipeline or car; fuel storage terminals or underground storage tanks that we own, lease or operate; or the quality of product under our control may require significant capital expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs, particularly as we continue to expand our physical presence globally. In addition, continuing changes in environmental laws and regulations may also require capital expenditures by our customers or otherwise increase our customers’ operating costs, which could in turn, reduce the demand for our products and services or impact the pricing or availability of the products we sell.
