SALESFORCE INC report:
software licenses are generally recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Revenue from software support and updates is recognized as the support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. 
The Company typically invoices its customers annually and its payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. 
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed price or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts or ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Other revenues consist primarily of training revenues recognized as such services are performed.

BOEING CO report:
At December 31, 2018 and 2017 , Other assets included $ 244 and $356 of receivables related to our former investment in the Sea Launch venture which became payable by certain Sea Launch partners following Sea Launch’s bankruptcy filing in June 2009. The net amounts owed to Boeing by each of the partners are as follows: S.P. Koroley Rocket and Space Corporation Energia of Russia (RSC Energia) – $ 111 , PO Yuzhnoye Mashinostroitelny Zavod of Ukraine – $ 89 and KB Yuzhnoye of Ukraine – $ 44 . 
In 2013, we filed an action in the United States District Court for the Central District of California seeking reimbursement from the other Sea Launch partners. In 2016, the United States District Court for the Central District of California issued a judgment in favor of Boeing. Later that year, we reached an agreement which we believe will enable us to recover the outstanding receivable balance from RSC Energia over the next several years. We continue to pursue collection efforts against the former Ukrainian partners in connection with the court judgment. We continue to believe the partners have the financial wherewithal to pay and intend to pursue vigorously all of our rights and remedies. In the event we are unable to secure reimbursement from RSC Energia and the Ukrainian Sea Launch partners, we could incur additional charges. 
At December 31, 2017 , Other assets included $ 137 of receivables related to indemnifications from Spirit AeroSystems, Inc. (Spirit) for costs incurred related to pension and retiree medical obligations of former Boeing employees who were subsequently employed by Spirit. On July 12, 2018, the Delaware Supreme Court denied Boeing’s claim for indemnification. As a result, in the second quarter we wrote off the receivables attributable to the Spirit indemnifications.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Raw Materials —We purchase oilseeds and grains either directly from farmers or indirectly through intermediaries. Although the availability and price of agricultural commodities may, in any given year, be affected by unpredictable factors such as weather, government programs and policies, and farmer planting and selling decisions, our operations in major crop growing regions have enabled us to source adequate raw materials for our operational needs. 
Competition —Due to their commodity nature, markets for our products are highly competitive and subject to product substitution. Competition is principally based on price, quality, product and service offerings, and geographic location. Major competitors include but are not limited to: The Archer Daniels Midland Co. ("ADM"), Cargill Incorporated ("Cargill"), Louis Dreyfus Group ("Louis Dreyfus"), Glencore International PLC ("Glencore"), Wilmar International Limited ("Wilmar"), and COFCO International ("COFCO"). 
Overview —We primarily sell our refined and specialty oil products to food processors, food service companies, and retail outlets, as well as for feedstock to renewable diesel producers. The principal raw materials used in our Refined and Specialty Oils segment are various crude and further processed vegetable oils and fats. These raw materials are mostly agricultural commodities that we either produce or purchase from third parties. We believe that our global integrated business model enables us to realize synergies among our Agribusiness, Refined and Specialty Oils, and Milling segments through raw material procurement, logistics, risk management and the co-location of industrial facilities, enabling us to supply customers with reliable, high-quality products on a global basis. As many of the products we sell in our Refined and Specialty Oils segment are staple foods or ingredients, these businesses generally benefit from global population and income growth rates.
