SALESFORCE INC report:
or range of possible losses in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of non-monetary remedies, with respect to the contingencies it faces, and the Company’s estimates may not prove to be accurate. 
In management’s opinion, resolution of all current matters, including all those described below, is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute or other contingency, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could materially affect the Company’s current or future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter. 
In July and August 2017, two substantially similar securities class action complaints were filed against Tableau and two of its now former executive officers. The first complaint was filed in the U.S. District for the Southern District of New York (the “Scheufele Action”). The second complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington and was voluntarily dismissed on October 17, 2017. In December 2017, the lead plaintiff in the Scheufele Action filed an amended complaint, which alleged that between February 5, 2015 and February 4, 2016, Tableau and certain of its executive officers violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, in connection with statements regarding Tableau’s business and operations by allegedly failing to disclose, among other things, that product launches and software upgrades by competitors were negatively impacting Tableau’s competitive position and profitability. The amended complaint sought unspecified damages, interest, attorneys’ fees and other costs. In February 2018, the lead plaintiff filed a second amended complaint (the "SAC"), which contains substantially similar allegations as the amended complaint, and added as defendants two more of Tableau’s now former executive officers and directors. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the SAC in March 2018, which was denied in February 2019. Defendants filed an answer to the SAC in March 2019, and subsequently amended their answer in April 2019. On January 15, 2020, the court granted lead plaintiff’s motion for class certification. The parties have completed fact and expert discovery. On October 1, 2020, the Court entered an order staying the deadline for summary judgment motions to allow the parties to complete additional discovery. The court has not yet set a trial date. On March 10, 2021, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the litigation in its entirety. The parties are negotiating an agreement reflecting the specific terms of settlement.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In addition to these competitive factors and trends, companies with a global presence are increasingly competing with us in our Business segment. A relatively small number of telecommunications and integrated service providers with global operations serve customers in the global enterprise market and, to a lesser extent, the global wholesale market. We compete with these providers for large contracts to provide integrated solutions to global enterprises and government customers. Many of these companies have strong market presence, brand recognition and existing customer relationships, all of which contribute to intensifying competition that may affect our future revenue growth. 
In the Small and Medium Business market, customer purchasing behaviors and preferences continue to evolve. Solution speed and simplicity with user interfaces that have a consumer-like "look and feel" are becoming key differentiators for customers who are seeking full life-cycle offers that simplify the process of starting, running and growing their businesses. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. 
In the Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other markets, competition levels remain high, primarily as a result of increased industry focus on technology convergence. We compete in this area with system integrators, carriers, and hardware and software providers. In addition, some of the largest information technology services companies are making strategic acquisitions, divesting non-strategic assets and forging new alliances to improve their cost structure. Many new alliances and acquisitions have focused on emerging fields, such as cloud computing, software defined networking, communication applications and other computing tasks via networks, rather than by the use of in-house machines.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Kentucky earthquake agreement comprises a three-year term contract that reinsures personal lines property losses caused by earthquakes and fire following earthquakes in Kentucky and provides $ 28 million of limits, 95 % placed, in excess of a $ 2 million retention. 
The 2020 Florida program provides coverage up to $ 633 million of loss less a $ 20 million retention. The Florida program includes reinsurance agreements placed with the traditional market, the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (“FHCF”), and the Insurance Linked Securities (“ILS”) market as follows: 
• The traditional market placement comprises $ 295 million of reinsurance limits for losses to personal lines property in Florida arising out of multiple perils. The Excess contract, which forms a part of the traditional market placement, with $ 264 million of limits, subject to a $ 20 million retention, provides coverage for perils not covered by the FHCF contracts, which only cover hurricanes.
