ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Segment Margin . The table below presents the components of our midstream segment margin. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the amounts previously reported for fee-based and non-fee-based margin have been adjusted to reflect reclassification of certain contractual minimum fees from fee-based margin to non-fee-based margin in order to conform to the current period classification. 
a decrease of $137 million in non fee-based margin due to lower NGL prices of $131 million and lower gas prices of $58 million , offset by an increase of $52 million in non fee-based margin due to increased throughput volume in North Texas, South Texas and Permian regions; 
an increase of $86 million in operating expenses due to increases of $33 million in outside services, $29 million in maintenance project costs, $17 million in employee costs and $6 million in office expenses and materials; and

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2022, we had 73,541 employees, of which approximately 55 percent were located in the United States and 45 percent were located internationally and approximately 36 percent identified as women, 64 percent identified as men and less than 1 percent identified as non-binary. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. 
Our ability to attract and retain the best talent is even more important as our employees adapt to a new normal with how and where we work. Maintaining a strong company culture, in a remote environment, and at a time of rapid growth in our workforce remains a priority throughout our human capital management programs. We have relied on our Success From Anywhere approach to help us effectively manage our workforce during this time and have continued to invest in equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives, development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 
Success from Anywhere provides employees three new ways of working: Office-Flexible, Home-Based, and Office-Based. We leverage Flex Team Agreements to empower teams to decide how, when, and where they work, including how many days a week they come into the office and what kind of work they will continue to do at home. Flex Team Agreements help us think through and provide clarity on what’s most important in how and where we show up, work, stay connected, and nurture our culture. As we return to the office, health and safety remain a top priority and we have leveraged our own tools, such as work.com and Dreampass, to allow our employees to come together safely.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations along the Gulf Coast, including those at our Mont Belvieu complex, may be affected by weather events such as hurricanes and tropical storms, which generally arise during the summer and fall months. 
Residential demand for natural gas typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs and during the summer months for power generation for air conditioning. These seasonal trends affect throughput volumes on our natural gas pipelines and associated natural gas storage levels and marketing results. 
Due to increased demand for fuel additives used in the production of motor gasoline, our isomerization and octane enhancement businesses experience higher levels of demand during the summer driving season, which typically occurs in the spring and summer months. Likewise, shipments of refined products and normal butane experience similar changes in demand due to their use in motor fuels.
