ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our related crude oil marketing activities increased a net $55.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for a $69.2 million increase, partially offset by lower non-cash mark-to-market results, which accounted for a $15.2 million decrease. Non-cash mark-to-market earnings for this business was a gain of $0.5 million for 2018 versus a gain of $15.7 million for 2017. Average sales margins increased in 2018 primarily due to higher market price differentials for crude oil between the Permian Basin region, Cushing hub and Gulf Coast markets. As crude oil production in the Permian Basin region increased in 2018, pipeline infrastructure constraints led to pricing dislocations in the supply basins (lower crude oil prices in West Texas) compared to the prices paid by end users and exporters along the Gulf Coast. As midstream infrastructure constraints are alleviated in the coming years, we expect that these market price differentials will normalize. 
Comparison of 2017 with 2016. Gross operating margin from our other crude oil pipelines, terminals and related marketing activities for 2017 increased a net $107.3 million when compared to 2016. Gross operating margin from our West Texas System and equity investment in the Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System increased a combined $54.7 million year-to-year primarily due to an 89 MBPD increase in crude oil transportation volumes (net to our interest). 
Gross operating margin from our EFS Midstream System increased $31.7 million year-to-year primarily due to increased deficiency fee revenues. Condensate transportation volumes for this system decreased 18 MBPD year-to-year and associated natural gas volumes decreased 101 MMcf/d year-to-year. Gross operating margin for the system decreased $59.7 million year-to-year primarily due to the lower throughput volumes; however, this decrease was more than offset by a $98.1 million year-to-year increase in deficiency fee revenues associated with producer volume commitments.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Compliance with existing and future laws that regulate the delivery of fuel by barge, truck, vessel, pipeline or other means; fuel storage terminals or underground storage tanks that we own, lease or operate; or the quality of product under our control may require capital expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs, particularly as we continue to expand our physical operations. In addition, continuing changes in environmental laws and regulations may also require capital expenditures by our customers or otherwise increase our customers’ operating costs, which could in turn, reduce the demand for our products and services or impact the pricing or availability of the products we sell. Environmental laws and regulations have historically been subject to frequent change and have tended to become more stringent and costly over time. 
We could be subject to joint and several as well as strict liability for environmental contamination or violations of environmental regulations. Some of our current and former properties have been operated by third parties whose handling and management of hazardous materials were not under our control. Pursuant to certain environmental laws, we could be responsible for investigating and remediating contamination, including impacts attributable to prior site occupants or other third parties, and for implementing remedial measures to mitigate the risk of future contamination. In some cases, we may be eligible to receive money from state underground storage tank trust funds to help fund remediation. However, receipt of such payments is subject to stringent eligibility requirements and other limitations that can significantly reduce the availability of such trust fund payments and may delay or increase the duration of associated cleanups. Any such contamination, leaks from storage tanks or other releases of regulated 
From time to time, we are subject to legal and administrative actions governing the investigation and remediation of contamination or spills from current and past operations. The penalties for violations of environmental laws can include injunctive relief; administrative, civil or criminal penalties; recovery of damages for injury to air, water or property; and third-party damages. Some environmental laws may also impose strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances, which could subject us to liability without regard to whether we were negligent or at fault. See Item 1A. – Risk Factors.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The number of shares that we ultimately repurchase under our share repurchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic or business conditions and board and management discretion. Additionally, our share repurchase activity during any particular period may fluctuate. We may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue our share repurchase program at any time, without notice. 
We paid dividends of $1,826 million in 2021, $1,678 million in 2020 and $1,542 million in 2019. On July 27, 2021, the Finance Committee, with authorization delegated from our Board of Directors, declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.35 per share of Class A Common Stock, an increase of 11 percent, which would be $1.40 per common share on an annualized basis. In 2020, our quarterly cash dividend increased from $0.285 to $0.315 per share of Class A Common Stock, an increase of 11 percent, and in 2019, our quarterly cash dividend increased from $0.26 to $0.285 per share of Class A Common Stock, an increase of 10 percent. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant to its analysis and decision making. 
For U.S. income tax purposes only, the Company has determined that 100% of the distributions paid to its shareholders in 2021 are characterized as a qualified dividend paid from U.S. earnings and profits. Shareholders should consult their tax advisors for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the receipt of dividends.
