BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In Asia, we offer a range of consumer and B2B products, including bakery, culinary, confectionary and infant nutrition products. In India, our consumer brands include Dalda , Ginni and Chambal edible oils; Dalda and Gagan vanaspatis; and Masterline professional bakery fats. In China, we offer consumer edible oils products under the Dou Wei Jia brand. 
Customers —Our customers include baked goods companies, snack food producers, confectioners, restaurant chains, food service operators, infant nutrition companies, and other food manufacturers who use vegetable oils and shortenings as ingredients in their operations. Other customers include grocery chains, wholesalers, distributors, and other retailers who sell to consumers either under our own brand names or private labels. These customers include global and national food processors and manufacturers, many of which are leading brand owners in their product categories. 
Competition —Competition is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capability, cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, innovation, technical support, product innovation, composition and nutritional value, and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised, well-known, branded products, as well as private label and customized products. Our principal competitors in the Edible Oil Products segment include, but are not limited to: ADM, AAK AB, Cargill, Fuji Oil Co. Ltd. and Wilmar, as well as local competitors in each region.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
There are no regulatory restrictions that limit the payment of dividends by the Corporation, except those generally applicable to corporations incorporated in Delaware. Dividends are payable only out of certain components of shareholders’ equity as permitted by Delaware law. However, the ability of the Corporation to pay dividends is dependent on business conditions, income, cash requirements of the Company, receipt of dividends from AIC and other relevant factors. 
The payment of shareholder dividends by AIC without the prior approval of the Illinois Department of Insurance (“IL DOI”) is limited to formula amounts based on net income and capital and surplus, determined in conformity with statutory accounting practices, as well as the timing and amount of dividends paid in the preceding twelve months. AIC paid dividends of $ 4.20 billion in 2022. The maximum amount of dividends AIC will be able to pay without prior IL DOI approval at a given point in time during 2023 is $ 1.22 billion, less dividends paid during the preceding twelve months measured at that point in time. The payment of a dividend in excess of this amount requires 30 days advance written notice to the IL DOI. The dividend is deemed approved, unless the IL DOI disapproves it within the 30 -day notice period. Additionally, any dividend must be paid out of unassigned surplus excluding unrealized appreciation from investments, which for AIC totaled $ 7.45 billion as of December 31, 2022, and cannot result in capital and surplus being less than the minimum amount required by law. 
Under state insurance laws, insurance companies are required to maintain paid up capital of not less than the minimum capital requirement applicable to the types of insurance they are authorized to write. Insurance companies are also subject to risk-based capital (“RBC”) requirements adopted by state insurance regulators. A company’s “authorized control level RBC” is calculated using various factors applied to certain financial balances and activity. Companies that do not maintain adjusted statutory capital and surplus at a level in excess of the company action level RBC, which is two times authorized control level RBC, are required to notify and file a RBC remediation plan to the domiciliary regulator and provide a copy of the remediation plan to state insurance regulators in which the insurer is authorized to do business. Company action level RBC is significantly in excess of the minimum capital requirements. Total adjusted statutory capital and surplus and authorized control level RBC of AIC were $ 12.24 billion and $ 2.96 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Most of the Corporation’s insurance subsidiaries are subsidiaries of or reinsure all of their business to AIC. AIC’s subsidiaries are included as a component of AIC’s total statutory capital and surplus.

BOEING CO report:
We currently expect it will take approximately three years for world-wide travel to return to 2019 levels and a few years beyond that for the industry to return to long-term trend growth of approximately 5%. To balance the supply and demand given the COVID-19 shock and to preserve our long-term potential and competitiveness, we have reduced the production rates of several of our BCA programs. These rate decisions are based on our ongoing assessments of the demand environment and availability of aircraft financing. There is significant uncertainty with respect to when commercial air traffic levels will recover, and whether, and at what point, capacity will return to and/or exceed pre-COVID-19 levels. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we made adjustments to our estimates regarding timing of 777X entry into service and market demand. We now anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur in late 2023. We will closely monitor the key factors that affect backlog and future demand including customers’ evolving fleet plans, the wide-body replacement cycle and the cargo market. We will maintain a disciplined rate management process, and make adjustments as appropriate in the future. Notwithstanding the changes we have made to production rates, risk remains that further reductions will be required. Additionally, if we are unable to make timely deliveries of the large number of aircraft in inventory as of December 31, 2020, future revenues, earnings and cash flows will be adversely impacted. 
The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. The shock from COVID-19 has reduced the near to medium term demand, but our Commercial Market Outlook forecast projects a 4% growth rate for passenger and cargo traffic over a 20 year period. Based on long-term global economic growth projections of 2.5% average annual GDP growth, we project demand for approximately 43,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics and increased global environmental regulations. 
Deliveries of the 737 MAX resumed in the fourth quarter of 2020, when the FAA rescinded the order that grounded 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. Orders to suspend operations of 737 MAX aircraft from certain non-U.S. civil aviation authorities, including the Civil Aviation Administration of China, are still in effect. The grounding has had a significant adverse impact on our operations and creates significant uncertainty. We are focused on safely returning the 737 MAX to service for all of our customers.
