COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In May 2019, an employee filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp . (Case No. 2:19-cv-01340; E.D. Cal.). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. In September 2021, the court granted Costco’s motion for partial summary judgment and denied class certification. In August 2019, the plaintiff filed a companion case in state court seeking penalties under PAGA. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. FCS053454; Sonoma County Superior Court). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The state court action has been stayed pending resolution of the federal action. 
In December 2020, a former employee filed suit against the Company asserting collective and class claims on behalf of non-exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act and New York Labor Law for failure to pay for all hours worked, failure to pay certain non-exempt employees on a weekly basis, and failure to provide proper wage statements and notices. The plaintiff also asserted individual retaliation claims. Cappadora v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 1:20-cv-06067; E.D.N.Y.). An amended complaint was filed, and the Company denied the material allegations of the amended complaint. Based on an agreement in principle concerning settlement of the matter, involving a proposed payment by the Company of an immaterial amount, the federal action has been dismissed. In April 2022, Cappadora and a second plaintiff filed an action against the Company in New York state court asserting the same class claims asserted in the federal action under the New York Labor Law and seeking preliminary approval of the class settlement. Cappadora and Sancho v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Index No. 604757/2022; Nassau County Supreme Court). 
In August 2021, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting class claims on behalf of certain non-exempt employees under New York Labor Law for failure to pay on a weekly basis. Umadat v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:21-cv-4814; E.D.N.Y.). The Company answered the complaint on October 21, 2021, denying the material allegations. In April 2022, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting class claims on behalf of certain non-exempt employees under New York Labor Law, as well as under the Fair Labor Standards Act, for failure to pay on a weekly basis and failure to pay overtime. Burian v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:22-cv-02108; E.D.N.Y.).

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together with our U.S. GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to the corresponding U.S. GAAP financial measures, provides you with a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business than could be obtained absent these disclosures. Because non-GAAP financial measures vary among companies, the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this report may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Our use of these non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any U.S. GAAP financial measure. A limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures is they exclude items detailed below that have an impact on our U.S. GAAP reported results. The best way this limitation can be addressed is by evaluating our non-GAAP financial measures in combination with our U.S. GAAP reported results and carefully evaluating the following tables that reconcile U.S. GAAP reported figures to the non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K. 
Applying the definition of “Organic Net Revenue”, the adjustments made to “net revenues” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that Organic Net Revenue reflects the underlying growth from the ongoing activities of our business and provides improved comparability of results. We also evaluate our Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging markets, and these underlying measures are also reconciled to U.S. GAAP below. 
Applying the definition of “Adjusted Operating Income”, the adjustments made to “operating income” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude Simplify to Grow Program; intangible asset impairment charges; mark-to-market impacts from commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivative contracts; malware incident incremental expenses, acquisition integration costs; acquisition and divestiture-related costs; operating income from divestitures; net gains from divestitures; the remeasurement of net monetary position; impact from pension participation changes; impact from the resolution of tax matters; CEO transition remuneration and Swiss tax reform impact. We also evaluate Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis. We believe these measures provide improved comparability of underlying operating results.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Debt — Principal payments required on long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 are $2.3 billion in 2023, $1.1 billion in 2024, $1.5 billion in 2025, $2.9 billion in 2026, $0.6 billion in 2027 and $8.7 billion in 2028 and thereafter. Interest payments required on long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 are $567 million in 2023, $525 million in 2024, $493 million in 2025, $462 million in 2026, $391 million in 2027 and $5.4 billion in 2028 and thereafter. 
In addition, Abbott enters into purchase commitments in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital expenditure requirements. The majority of outstanding purchase commitments generally do not extend past one year. 
Abbott’s primary markets are highly competitive and subject to substantial government regulations throughout the world. Abbott expects debate to continue over the availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services. It is not possible to predict the extent to which Abbott or the health care industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. A more complete discussion of these factors is contained in Item 1, Business, and Item 1A, Risk Factors.
