ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Residential demand for propane typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs in rural areas. These seasonal trends can affect throughput volumes on our TE Products Pipeline, Dixie Pipeline and Mid-America Pipeline System and associated terminals.
 • Due to increased demand for fuel additives used in the production of motor gasoline, our isomerization and octane enhancement businesses experience higher levels of demand during the summer driving season, which typically occurs in the spring and summer months. Likewise, shipments of refined products and normal butane experience similar changes in demand due to their use in motor fuels.
 • Extreme temperatures and ice during the winter months can negatively impact our gas processing plants as they may experience freeze offs. In addition, these conditions can negatively affect our trucking and inland marine operations on the upper Mississippi and Illinois rivers.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income increased $317 million (17.9%), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, higher net pricing, lower Simplify to Grow Program costs, lower manufacturing costs (productivity and lower incremental COVID-19 related costs), favorable currency, lapping prior-year intangible asset impairment charges, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses and the impact of an acquisition. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, the impact from pension participation changes and acquisition integration costs incurred in 2021. 
Net revenues increased $235 million (2.4%), due to favorable volume/mix (2.8 pp), partially offset by lower net pricing (0.3 pp) and unfavorable currency (0.1 pp). Favorable volume/mix due to overall higher volume was tempered by the net impact from the COVID-19 outbreak, as overall increased food purchases for in-home consumption were partially offset by a negative volume impact on our world travel retail and foodservice businesses due to lockdowns and other restrictions. Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains in chocolate, cheese & grocery, biscuits and refreshment beverages, partially offset by declines in candy and gum. Lower net pricing was driven by biscuits and chocolate, partially offset by higher net pricing in cheese & grocery, candy, gum and refreshment beverages. Unfavorable currency impacts reflected the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies in the region, including the Russian ruble, Turkish lira, Norwegian krone and Ukrainian hryvnia, mostly offset by the strength of several currencies in the region relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro, British pound sterling, Swedish krona and Swiss franc. 
Segment operating income increased $43 million (2.5%), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, lower net pricing, higher intangible asset impairment charges, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses and unfavorable currency.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Conversely, extended periods of low fuel prices, particularly when coupled with low price volatility, can also have an adverse effect on our results of operations and overall profitability. This can occur due to many factors, such as reduced demand for our price risk management products and decreased sales to our customers involved in the oil exploration sector. Low fuel prices also facilitate increased competition by reducing financial barriers to entry and enabling existing, lower-capitalized competitors to conduct more business as a result of lower working capital requirements. 
Based on the information currently available, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and available funds from our Credit Facility, as described below, together with cash flows generated by operations, are sufficient to fund our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
Credit Facility and Term Loan. On April 1, 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 8 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as further amended by Amendment No. 9 dated July 12, 2022 (as amended, the "Credit Agreement"), to: (i) increase the revolving credit facility provided under the Credit Agreement ("Credit Facility") to $1.5 billion and provide a term loan of $500.0 million ("Term Loan"), thereby replacing the then-existing term loan and increasing the total facility to $2.0 billion; (ii) modify the pricing of the loans, including the reference rates for various currencies to reflect the discontinuation of LIBOR; (iii) extend the maturity to April 1, 2027; and (iv) modify certain financial and other covenants to provide greater operating flexibility. Our availability under our Credit Facility is limited by, among other things, our consolidated total leverage ratio, which is defined in the Credit Agreement and is based, in part, on our consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and share-based compensation, with such adjustments as specified therein, for the four immediately preceding fiscal quarters.
