ALLSTATE CORP report:
In connection with the sale of ALIC and certain affiliates in 2021, the sale agreement includes a provision related to contingent consideration that may be earned over a ten-year period with the first potential payment date commencing on January 1, 2026 and a final potential payment date of January 1, 2035. The contingent consideration is determined annually based on the average ten-year Treasury rate over the preceding three-year period compared to a designated rate. The contingent consideration meets the definition of a derivative and is accounted for on a fair value basis with periodic changes in fair value reflected in earnings. 
The Novel Coronavirus Pandemic or COVID-19 (“Coronavirus”) resulted in governments worldwide enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including travel restrictions, government-imposed shelter-in-place orders, quarantine periods, social distancing, and restrictions on large gatherings. These measures have moderated significantly, but new variants of the Coronavirus could result in further economic volatility. We continue to closely monitor and proactively adapt to developments and changing conditions. Currently, it is not possible to reliably estimate the continuing impact to operations, but the effects have been and could be material. 
Coronavirus had on prior year results. Beginning in March 2020, when shelter-in-place orders and other restrictions were initiated, and throughout 2021, we experienced lower auto accident claim frequency and different claim patterns than historically experienced. Total auto claim frequency has since increased, but remains below pre-pandemic levels.

BOEING CO report:
Earnings from operations in 2017 increased by $3,471 million compared with 2016 . The increase in operating earnings and operating margins is primarily due to lower reach-forward losses, lower research and development costs, and improved margins reflecting favorable cost performance, which more than offset the impact of lower revenues. Research and development expense in 2016 reflects the reclassification from inventory to research and development expense of $1,235 million related to the fourth and fifth 787 flight test aircraft and higher planned spending related to the 777X program. 
Reach-forward losses of $500 million , $378 million and $772 million were recorded related to the KC-46A Tanker in 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively. During 2016 , we recorded reach-forward losses on the 747 program of $1,258 million. 
Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due and where no contingencies remain before we and the customer are required to perform. Backlog does not include prospective orders where customer controlled contingencies remain, such as the customer receiving approval from its board of directors, shareholders or government or completing financing arrangements. All such contingencies must be satisfied or have expired prior to recording a new firm order even if satisfying such conditions is highly certain. Backlog excludes options and BCC orders. A number of our customers may have contractual remedies that may be implicated by program delays. We address customer claims and requests for other contractual relief as they arise. The value of orders in backlog is adjusted as changes to price and schedule are agreed to with customers and is reported in accordance with the requirements of ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. Our membership counts include active memberships as well as memberships that have not renewed within the 12 months prior to the reporting date. 
The gross margin of our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased 16 basis points, primarily due to increases in fresh foods and softlines, partially offset by a decrease in hardlines. This measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses. Fresh foods gross margin increased as a result of efficiencies from increased sales, partially offset by operating losses from our poultry complex. 
Total gross margin percentage increased 18 basis points compared to 2019. Excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin percentage was 11.10%, an increase of eight basis points. This increase was primarily due to a 32 basis point increase in our core merchandise categories, predominantly fresh foods and food and sundries, partially offset by a decrease in softlines and hardlines. This increase was also positively impacted by our co-branded credit card program, which included an adjustment in 2019 to our estimate of breakage on rewards earned. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 14 basis points in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly certain ancillary businesses that were negatively impacted by COVID-19 related closures or restrictions. However, certain of our ancillary and other businesses, such as tire shop, gasoline and e-commerce businesses, did improve. Gross margin was also negatively impacted by incremental wage and sanitation costs related to COVID-19 of six basis points, a reserve for certain inventory of three basis points, and increased spending by members under the Executive Membership 2% reward program of one basis point. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $68 in 2020.
