ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
On June 29, 2022, near Henderson, Tennessee, a Mid Valley Pipeline Company mowing contractor struck an exposed section of the 22-inch diameter Hornsby to Denver line segment while mowing. The brush cutter mowing implement cut open the pipeline and released an estimated 4,345 barrels of crude oil into the surrounding area. Approximately 3,343 barrels of crude oil were recovered during initial remediation activities with the remaining volume contained within the materials removed and disposed of in accordance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Corrective action is being completed pursuant to the Tennessee DEC’s Division of Remediation - Voluntary Action Program. No injuries resulted from the incident. Mid Valley received a Notice of Federal Interest regarding the incident and has also supplied PHMSA with information as requested. No other government agency action has occurred at this time. 
Additionally, we have received notices of violations and potential fines under various federal, state and local provisions relating to the discharge of materials into the environment or protection of the environment. While we believe that even if any one or more of the environmental proceedings listed above were decided against us, it would not be material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, we are required to report environmental governmental proceedings if we reasonably believe that such proceedings will result in monetary sanctions in excess of $300,000. 
The following discussion of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report. This discussion includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Actual results may differ substantially from the statements we make in this section due to a number of factors that are discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this report.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Restructuring, related to the January 2023 Plan, consist primarily of charges related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and share-based compensation as well as exit charges associated with office space reductions. The actions associated with the employee restructuring under the Plan are expected to be substantially complete by the end of our fiscal 2024, subject to local law and consultation requirements. The actions associated with the real estate restructuring under the Plan are expected to be fully complete in fiscal 2026. Restructuring excludes allocated overhead. 
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Certain impacts of the new legislation would have generally required accounting to be completed and incorporated into our 2017 year-end financial statements, however in response to the complexities of this new legislation, the SEC issued guidance to provide companies with relief. The SEC provided up to a one-year window for companies to finalize the accounting for the impacts of this new legislation. We finalized our accounting for the new provisions during the fourth quarter of 2018. 
The 2018 impact from finalizing the accounting for the new provisions was a discrete net tax expense of $19 million. The $19 million expense in 2018 is primarily comprised of a $60 million expense related to finalizing the changes in our indefinite reinvestment assertion, partially offset by a $38 million decrease to the transition tax estimated as of December 31, 2017. Refer to Note 15, Income Taxes , for more information on the impact of U.S. tax reform. 
In the United States, we contribute to multiemployer pension plans based on obligations arising from our collective bargaining agreements. In 2017 and 2016, the only individually significant multiemployer plan we contributed to was the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund (the “Fund”). Our obligation to contribute to the Fund arose with respect to 8 collective bargaining agreements covering most of our employees represented by the Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco and Grain Millers Union ("BCTGM"). All of those collective bargaining agreements expired in 2016.
