ALLSTATE CORP report:
The terms of the Company’s outstanding subordinated debentures prohibit the Company from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on common or preferred stock or redeeming, purchasing, acquiring, or making liquidation payments on common stock or preferred stock if the Company has elected to defer interest payments on the subordinated debentures, subject to certain limited exceptions. 
In connection with the issuance of the Debentures, the Company entered into a replacement capital covenant (“RCC”). This covenant was not intended for the benefit of the holders of the Debentures and could not be enforced by them. Rather, it was for the benefit of holders of one or more other designated series of the Company’s indebtedness (“covered debt”), currently the 5.750 % Subordinated Debentures due 2053. Pursuant to the RCC, the Company has agreed that it will not repay, redeem, or purchase the Debentures on or before May 15, 2067 (or such earlier date on which the RCC terminates by its terms) unless, subject to certain limitations, the Company has received net cash proceeds in specified amounts from the sale of common stock or certain other qualifying securities. The promises and covenants contained in the RCC will not apply if (i) S&P upgrades the Company’s issuer credit rating to A or above, (ii) the Company redeems the Debentures due to a tax event, (iii) after notice of redemption has been given by the Company and a market disruption event occurs preventing the Company from raising proceeds in accordance with the RCC, or (iv) the Company repurchases or redeems up to 10 % of the outstanding principal of the Debentures in any one-year period, provided that no more than 25 % will be so repurchased, redeemed or purchased in any ten-year period. 
The RCC terminates in 2067. The RCC will terminate prior to its scheduled termination date if (i) the Debentures are no longer outstanding and the Company has fulfilled its obligations under the RCC or it is no longer applicable, (ii) the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding principal amount of the then-effective series of covered debt consent to agree to the termination of the RCC, (iii) the Company does not have any series of outstanding debt that is eligible to be treated as covered debt under the RCC, (iv) the Debentures are accelerated as a result of an event of default, (v) certain rating agency or change in control events occur, (vi) S&P, or any successor thereto, no longer assigns a solicited rating on senior debt issued or guaranteed by the Company, or (vii) the termination of the RCC would have no effect on the equity credit provided by S&P with respect to the Debentures. An event of default, as defined by the supplemental indenture, includes default in the payment of interest or principal and bankruptcy proceedings.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Biodiesel —We own and operate conventional biodiesel facilities in Europe and Brazil and have equity method investments in conventional biodiesel producers in Europe and Argentina. This business is complementary to our core Agribusiness operations as in each case we supply some of the raw materials (refined or partially refined vegetable oil) used in their production processes. 
Raw Materials —We purchase oilseeds and grains either directly from farmers or indirectly through intermediaries. Although the availability and price of agricultural commodities may, in any given year, be affected by unpredictable factors such as weather, government programs and policies, and farmer planting and selling decisions, our operations in major crop growing regions have enabled us to source adequate raw materials for our operational needs. 
Competition —Due to their commodity nature, markets for our products are highly competitive and subject to product substitution. Competition is principally based on price, quality, product and service offerings, and geographic location. Major competitors include but are not limited to: The Archer Daniels Midland Co. ("ADM"), Cargill Incorporated ("Cargill"), Louis Dreyfus Group ("Louis Dreyfus"), Glencore International PLC ("Glencore"), Wilmar International Limited ("Wilmar") and COFCO International ("COFCO").

BOEING CO report:
Multiple legal actions have been filed against us as a result of the accidents. In addition, we are fully cooperating with U.S. government investigations related to the accidents and the 737 MAX program, including an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the outcome of which may be material. On January 6, 2021, we entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice that resolves the Department of Justice’s previously disclosed investigation into us regarding the evaluation of the 737 MAX airplane by the FAA. Other than with respect to the U.S. Department of Justice, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, not covered by available insurance that may result given the current status of the lawsuits, investigations and inquiries related to the 737 MAX. 
In the preparation of our financial statements, we have made assumptions regarding outcomes of accident investigations and other government inquiries, timing and conditions of return to service, the timing of future 737 production rate increases, supplier readiness to support production rate changes, timing and sequence of future customer deliveries as well as outcomes of negotiations with customers impacted by the grounding. We have also made significant assumptions regarding estimated costs expected to be incurred in 2021 that should be included in program inventory and those costs that should be expensed when incurred as abnormal production costs. While these assumptions reflect our best estimate at this time, they are highly uncertain and significantly affect the estimates inherent in our financial statements. 
In December 2020, we delivered 27 aircraft, in compliance with the FAA regulatory requirements. We have assumed that the remaining non-U.S. regulatory approvals will occur and enable deliveries during the first half of 2021. We have approximately 425 airplanes in inventory as of December 31, 2020. A number of customers have requested to defer deliveries or to cancel orders for 737 MAX aircraft, and we are remarketing and/or delaying deliveries of certain aircraft included within inventory. We now expect to deliver about half of the 737 MAX aircraft in inventory by the end of 2021. In the event that we are unable to resume aircraft deliveries in non-U.S. jurisdictions consistent with our assumptions of regulatory approval timing, our expectation of delivery timing could be impacted.
