ALLSTATE CORP report:
(1)   2020 includes approximately $450 million of favorable reserve reestimates related to subrogation settlements, which primarily impacted homeowners. See Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
Frequency and severity statistics, which are influenced by driving patterns, inflation and other factors, are provided to describe the trends in loss costs. Our reserving process incorporates changes in loss patterns, operational statistics and changes in claims reporting processes to determine our best estimate of recorded reserves. We use the following statistics to evaluate losses: 
 • Gross claim frequency (1) is calculated as annualized notice counts received in the period divided by the average of PIF with the applicable coverage during the period. Gross claim frequency includes all actual notice counts, regardless of their current status (open or closed) or their ultimate disposition (closed with a payment or closed without payment).

BOEING CO report:
The Company has deferred compensation plans which permit certain employees and executives to defer a portion of their salary, bonus, certain other incentive awards and retirement contributions. Participants can diversify these amounts among 23 investment funds including a Boeing stock unit account. 
Total (income)/expense related to deferred compensation was ($ 117 ), $ 126 and $ 93 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred compensation liability which is being marked to market was $ 1,499 and $ 1,703 . 
On December 17, 2018, the Board approved a repurchase plan for up to $ 20,000 of common stock. In March 2020, the Board of Directors terminated its prior authorization to repurchase shares under this plan.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company capitalizes costs related to its enterprise cloud computing services and certain projects for internal use incurred during the application development stage. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Internal-use software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, which is generally three to five years . Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. 
Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Each period, the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful life of its intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Management tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. 
The Company evaluates intangible assets and long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. This includes but is not limited to significant adverse changes in business climate, market conditions, or other events that indicate an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of each asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash flows used in the test for recoverability are less than the carrying amount of these assets, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value.
