SALESFORCE INC report:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In order to build and upgrade our existing 4G LTE network and deploy our 5G network, we must complete a variety of steps, which can include securing rights to a large number of sites as well as obtaining zoning and other governmental approvals and fiber facilities, for our macro and small cells, in-building systems and antennas and related radio equipment that comprise distributed antenna systems. We have relationships with a wide variety of vendors that supply various products and services that support our wireless network operations. We utilize tower site management firms as lessors or managers of a portion of our existing leased and owned tower sites. 
Our networks include various elements of redundancy designed to enhance the reliability of the services provided to our customers. To mitigate the impact of power disruptions on our operations, we have battery backup at every switch and every macro cell. We also utilize backup generators at a majority of our macro cells and at every switch location. In addition, we have a fleet of portable backup generators that can be deployed, if needed. We further enhance reliability by using a fully redundant Multiprotocol Label Switching backbone network in critical locations. 
In addition to our own network coverage, we have roaming agreements with a number of wireless service providers to enable our customers to receive wireless service in nearly all other areas in the U.S. where wireless service is available. We also offer a variety of international wireless voice and data services to our customers through roaming arrangements with wireless service providers outside the U.S.

BOEING CO report:
ASU 2014-09 In the first quarter of 2018, we adopted ASU 2014-09 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , using the full retrospective method. Topic 606 requires revenue to be recognized when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 
Most of our defense contracts at our BDS and BGS segments and certain military derivative aircraft contracts at our BCA segment now recognize revenue under the new standard as costs are incurred. Under previous GAAP, revenue was generally recognized when deliveries were made, performance milestones were attained, or as costs were incurred. The new standard accelerates the timing of when the revenue is recognized, however, it does not change the total amount of revenue recognized on these contracts. The new standard does not affect revenue recognition or the use of program accounting for commercial airplane contracts in our BCA business. We continue to recognize revenue for these contracts 
at the point in time when the customer accepts delivery of the airplane. The adoption resulted in a cumulative adjustment to increase Retained earnings by $ 901 at January 1, 2016, an increase of $ 139 to Net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2016, and an increase of $ 261 to Net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2017.
