COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company recognizes foreign-currency transaction gains and losses related to revaluing or settling monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward foreign-exchange contracts. These items were $ 84 in 2022 and immaterial in 2021 and 2020. 
The Company recognizes sales for the amount of consideration collected from the member, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, and is net of sales taxes collected and remitted to government agencies and member returns. The Company reserves for estimated returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns and reduces sales and merchandise costs accordingly. The Company records, on a gross basis, a refund liability and an asset for recovery, which are included in other current liabilities and other current assets, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The Company offers merchandise in the following core merchandise categories: foods and sundries, non-foods, and fresh foods. The Company also provides expanded products and services through warehouse ancillary and other businesses. The majority of revenue from merchandise sales is recognized at the point of sale. Revenue generated through e-commerce or special orders is generally recognized upon shipment to the member. For merchandise shipped directly to the member, shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred as fulfillment costs and included in merchandise costs in the consolidated statements of income. In certain ancillary businesses, revenue is deferred until the member picks up merchandise at the warehouse. Deferred sales are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. In July 2021, we acquired Slack, a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We plan to integrate Slack with most Salesforce offerings.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• molecular diagnostics polymerase chain reaction (PCR) instrument systems, including Alinity ® m and m2000™ that automate the extraction, purification, and preparation of DNA and RNA from patient samples, and detect and measure infectious agents including HIV, hepatitis, HPV, sexually transmitted infections, SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A & B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV); and products for oncology with the Vysis ® FISH product line of genomic-based tests; 
• rapid diagnostics lateral flow testing products in the area of infectious diseases such as SARS-CoV-2, including the BinaxNOW ® and Panbio ® rapid testing platforms, influenza, HIV, hepatitis, and tropical diseases such as malaria and dengue fever; molecular point-of-care testing for HIV, including the m-PIMA ® HIV-1/2 Viral Load Test, and for SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A & B, RSV and strep A, including the ID NOW ® rapid molecular system; cardiometabolic testing, including Afinion ® and Cholestech LDX ® platforms and tests; a toxicology business for drug and alcohol testing; and consumer self-testing; and 
• informatics and automation solutions for use in laboratories, including laboratory automation systems such as the GLP systems track™, the RALS ® point of care solution, and AlinIQ ® , a suite of informatics tools and professional services.
