VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In June 2015, we completed our acquisition of AOL Inc. (AOL), a leader in digital content and advertising. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing was approximately $3.8 billion . 
In April 2016, we completed the sale (Access Line Sale) of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas, including Fios Internet and video customers, switched and special access lines and high-speed Internet service and long distance voice accounts in these three states to Frontier Communications Corporation (Frontier) for approximately $10.5 billion (approximately $7.3 billion net of income taxes), subject to certain adjustments and including the assumption of $612 million of indebtedness from Verizon by Frontier. The transaction included the acquisition by Frontier of the equity interests of Verizon’s incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) in California, Florida and Texas. 
The transaction resulted in Frontier acquiring approximately 3.3 million voice connections, 1.6 million Fios Internet subscribers, 1.2 million Fios video subscribers and the related ILEC businesses from Verizon. Approximately 9,300 Verizon employees who served customers in California, Florida and Texas continued employment with Frontier.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The new guidance also requires DAC and other capitalized balances currently amortized in proportion to premiums or gross profits to be amortized on a constant level basis over the expected term for all long-duration insurance contracts. DAC will not be subject to loss recognition testing but will be reduced when actual lapse experience exceeds expected experience. 
The new guidance is effective for financial statements issued for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022 and restatement of prior periods presented is required. The new guidance will be applied to affected contracts and DAC on the basis of existing carrying amounts at the earliest period presented. 
In December 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-05 (“ASU 2022-05”) that provides reporting entities with an accounting policy election to not apply the new guidance to insurance contracts in-force on the January 1, 2021 transition date but sold prior to the January 1, 2023 effective date provided certain conditions are met. The Company will make an election to not apply the new guidance to
