SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs and field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also have a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• in our natural gas compression business, the use of our patented dual-drive technology, which offers the ability to switch compression drivers between an electric motor and a natural gas engine, allowed us to reduce our emissions of nitrogen oxide, carbon monoxide, CO2 and VOCs; 
• the installation of approximately 12,000 low-emission pneumatic devices throughout our pipeline systems has allowed us to safely and efficiently adjust and control our operations and reduce methane emissions; 
• the voluntary installation of thermal oxidizers, which destroy VOCs and convert methane to CO2 (a less carbon-intense GHG), thereby reducing VOC and methane emissions by 98 percent or more at many of our more than 50 natural gas processing and sweetening plants;

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(4) In connection with this debt issuance, we entered into cross-currency swaps, serving as cash flow hedges, so that the U.S. dollar-denominated debt payments will effectively be paid in euros over the life of the debt. 
The fair value of our short-term borrowings at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 reflects current market interest rates and approximates the amounts we have recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our long-term debt was determined using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 valuation data) for the publicly traded debt obligations. 
See Note 10, Financial Instruments , for information on the gain/loss related to U.S. dollar interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges and for information on amounts in other income related to our net investment hedge derivative contracts and the amounts excluded from hedge effectiveness of $ 117 million in 2020, $ 133 million in 2019 and $ 120 million in 2018.
