ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We currently own or lease sites that have been used over the years by prior owners and lessees and by us for various activities related to gathering, processing, storage and transmission of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and refined products. Waste disposal practices within the oil and gas industry have improved over the years with the passage and implementation of various environmental laws and regulations. Nevertheless, some hydrocarbons and wastes have been disposed of or otherwise released on or under various sites during the operating history of those facilities that are now owned or leased by us. Notwithstanding the possibility that these releases may have occurred during the ownership or operation of these assets by others, these sites may be subject to CERCLA, RCRA and comparable state laws. Under these laws, we could be required to remove or remediate previously disposed wastes (including wastes disposed of or released by prior owners or operators) or contamination (including soil and groundwater contamination) or to prevent the migration of contamination. 
As of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , accruals of $320 million and $337 million , respectively, were recorded in our consolidated balance sheets as accrued and other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities to cover estimated material environmental liabilities including, for example, certain matters assumed in connection with our acquisition of the HPL System, our acquisition of Transwestern, potential environmental liabilities for three sites that were formerly owned by Titan Energy Partners, L.P. or its predecessors, and the predecessor owner’s share of certain environmental liabilities of ETC OLP. 
The Partnership is subject to extensive and frequently changing federal, tribal, state and local laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment or that otherwise relate to the protection of the environment, waste management and the characteristics and composition of fuels. These laws and regulations require environmental assessment and remediation efforts at many of ETC Sunoco’s facilities and at formerly owned or third-party sites. Accruals for these environmental remediation activities amounted to $252 million and $263 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively, which is included in the total accruals above. These legacy sites that are subject to environmental assessments include formerly owned terminals and other logistics assets, retail sites that are no longer operated by ETC Sunoco, closed and/or sold refineries and other formerly

SALESFORCE INC report:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our 2020 effective tax rate of 36.2 % was higher due to the $ 452 million net tax expense incurred in connection with the JDE Peet's transaction and four KDP share sales that occurred during 2020 (the related gains were reported as gains on equity method investments). Excluding these impacts, our effective tax rate was 22.8 %, which reflects unfavorable provisions from U.S. tax reform and taxes on earnings from equity method investments (these earnings are reported separately on our consolidated statements of earnings and not within earnings before income taxes), largely offset by favorable impacts from the mix of pre-tax income in various non-U.S. jurisdictions and discrete net tax benefits of $ 119 million. The discrete net benefits were primarily driven by the $ 70 million net benefit from the release of the China valuation allowance and a $ 50 million net benefit from the release of liabilities for uncertain tax positions due to expirations of statutes of limitations and audit settlements in several jurisdictions. 
Our significant valuation allowances are in the U.S. and Switzerland. The U.S. valuation allowance mainly relates to excess foreign tax credits generated by the deemed repatriation under U.S. tax reform while the Swiss valuation allowance brings the allowed step-up of intangible assets recorded under Swiss tax reform to the amount more likely than not to be realized. Our total valuation allowance was $ 1,280 million as of January 1, 2022 and $ 1,257 million as of December 31, 2022. The $ 23 million net change consisted of $ 79 million additions less $ 102 million reductions. 
At December 31, 2022, the Company has tax-effected loss carryforwards of $ 664 million, of which $ 34 million will expire at various dates between 2023 and 2042 and the remaining $ 630 million can be carried forward indefinitely.
