SALESFORCE INC report:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Fair value as of December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021 U.S. government and agencies $ 7,898 $ 6,273 Municipal 6,210 6,393 Corporate 26,263 27,330 Foreign government 957 985 Asset-backed securities (“ABS”) 1,157 1,155 Total fixed income securities $ 42,485   $ 42,136   
Fixed income securities are rated by third-party credit rating agencies or are internally rated. The Securities Valuation Office (“SVO”) of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”) evaluates the fixed income securities of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes. The NAIC assigns securities to one of six credit quality categories defined as “NAIC designations”. In general, securities with NAIC designations of 1 or 2 are considered investment grade and securities with NAIC designations of 3 through 6 are considered below investment grade. The rating is either received from the SVO based on availability of applicable ratings from rating agencies on the NAIC Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations (“NRSRO”) provider list, including Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”), S&P 
As a result of time lags between the funding of investments, the finalization of legal documents, and the completion of the SVO filing process, the portfolio includes certain securities that have not yet been designated by the SVO as of each balance sheet date and the categorization of these securities is based on the expected ratings indicated by internal analysis .

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We sell wireless devices and accessories under the Verizon brand and other brands. Equipment revenue is generally recognized when the products are delivered to and accepted by the customer, as this is when control passes to the customer. In addition to offering the sale of equipment on a standalone basis, we have two primary offerings through which customers pay for a wireless device, in connection with a service contract: fixed-term plans and device payment plans. 
Under a fixed-term plan, the customer is sold the wireless device without any upfront charge or at a discounted price in exchange for entering into a fixed-term service contract (typically for a term of 24 months or less). 
Under a device payment plan, the customer is sold the wireless device in exchange for a non-interest-bearing installment note, which is repaid by the customer, typically over a 24 or 30 -month term, and concurrently enters into a month-to-month contract for wireless service. We may offer certain promotions that provide billing credits applied over a specified term, contingent upon the customer maintaining service. The credits are included in the transaction price, which are allocated to the performance obligations based on their relative selling price and are recognized when earned.
