MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
For U.S. income tax purposes only, the Company has determined that 100% of the distributions paid to its shareholders in 2020 are characterized as a qualified dividend paid from U.S. earnings and profits. Shareholders should consult their tax advisors for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the receipt of dividends. 
We use non-GAAP financial information and believe it is useful to investors as it provides additional information to facilitate comparisons of historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and provide additional insight and transparency on how we evaluate our business. We use non-GAAP financial measures to budget, make operating and strategic decisions and evaluate our performance. We have detailed the non-GAAP adjustments that we make in our non-GAAP definitions below. The adjustments generally fall within the following categories: acquisition & divestiture activities, gains and losses on intangible asset sales and non-cash impairments, major program restructuring activities, constant currency and related adjustments, major program financing and hedging activities and other major items affecting comparability of operating results. We believe the non-GAAP measures should always be considered along with the related U.S. GAAP financial measures. We have provided the reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures below, and we also discuss our underlying GAAP results throughout our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K. 
Our primary non-GAAP financial measures are listed below and reflect how we evaluate our current and prior-year operating results. As new events or circumstances arise, these definitions could change. When our definitions change, we provide the updated definitions and present the related non-GAAP historical results on a comparable basis (1) .

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Sales commissions are generally expensed as incurred because contracts for which the sales commissions are generated are one year or less or are not material. Sales commissions are recorded as a component of cost of revenues on the consolidated statements of operations. The financing component of content licensing arrangements is not capitalized, because the period between delivery of the license and customer payment is one year or less or is not material. 
The Company has various incentive plans under which PRSUs, RSUs, stock options and SARs have been issued. As of December 31, 2019 , the Company has reserved a total of 98 million shares of its Series A and Series C common stock for future exercises, vestings and grants of stock options, stock-settled SARs, PRSUs and RSUs. Upon exercise or vesting of stock awards, the Company issues new shares from its existing authorized but unissued shares. There were 61 million shares of common stock in reserves that were available for future issuance under the incentive plans as of December 31, 2019 . 
Liability-classified share-based compensation awards include certain PRSUs and SARs. The Company recorded total liabilities for cash-settled and other liability-classified share-based compensation awards of $ 93 million and $ 54 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. The current portion of the liability for cash-settled and other liability-classified awards was $ 47 million and $ 23 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
a non-controlling interest in PES. Prior to PES’s reorganization in August 2018, ETO’s 33% interest in PES was reflected as an unconsolidated affiliate; subsequent the August 2018 reorganization, ETO holds an approximately 8% interest in PES and no longer reflects PES as an affiliate; and 
a decrease of $38 million in Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates from our investment in PES primarily due to our lower ownership in PES subsequent to its reorganization, which resulted in PES no longer being reflected as an affiliate beginning in the third quarter of 2018; 
Subsequent to the Merger with ETO, substantially all of the Partnership’s cash flows are derived from distributions related to its investment in ETO, whose cash flows are derived from its subsidiaries, including ETO’s investments in Sunoco LP and USAC.
