MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facilities, short-term borrowings and our authorized long-term financing will continue to provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures and future payments of our contractual, tax and benefit plan obligations and payments for acquisitions, share repurchases and quarterly dividends. We expect to continue to utilize our commercial paper program and international credit lines as needed. We continually evaluate long-term debt issuances to meet our short- and longer-term funding requirements. We also use intercompany loans with our international subsidiaries to improve financial flexibility. Our investments in JDE Peet's and KDP also provide us additional flexibility. Overall, we do not expect negative effects to our funding sources that would have a material effect on our liquidity, and to date, we have been successful in raising financing as needed, including during the pandemic, and generally on favorable terms. However, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, if a serious economic or credit market crisis ensues, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
Our most significant ongoing short-term cash requirements relate primarily to funding operations (including expenditures for raw materials, labor, manufacturing and distribution, trade and promotions, advertising and marketing, tax liabilities, benefit plan obligations and lease expenses) as well as periodic expenditures for acquisitions, shareholder returns (such as dividend payments and share repurchases) and property, plant and equipment. 
Long-term cash requirements primarily relate to funding long-term debt repayments (refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements ), our U.S. tax reform transition tax liability and deferred taxes (refer to Note 16, Income Taxes ), our long-term benefit plan obligations (refer to Note 11, Benefit Plans ) and commodity-related purchase commitments and derivative contracts (refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments ).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Refined products marine terminals. We own and operate marine terminals located on the Neches River near Beaumont, Texas that handle refined products along with crude oil. Our Beaumont facilities include five deep-water ship docks, three barge docks and access to approximately 10.4 MMBbls of aggregate refined products storage capacity.
We also handle refined products at EHT on the Houston Ship Channel. In addition to providing vessel loading and unloading services for refined products, EHT’s refined products operations include 2.4 MMBbls of aggregate storage capacity through the use of 20 above-ground storage tanks.
Refined products marketing activities. Our refined products marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of refined products obtained on the open market. The results of operations from our refined products marketing activities are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between product sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our other assets. In general, we sell our refined products at market-based prices, which may include pricing differentials for factors such as grade and delivery location. We use derivative instruments to mitigate our exposure to commodity price risks associated with our refined products marketing activities. For a discussion of our commodity hedging program, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Digital advertising contracts typically contain promises to deliver guaranteed impressions in specific markets against a targeted demographic during a stipulated period of time. If the specified number of impressions is not delivered, the transaction price is reduced by the number of impressions not delivered multiplied by the contractually stated price per impression. Each promise is considered a separate performance obligation. For digital contracts with an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as impressions are delivered. Actual audience delivery is typically reported by independent third parties. 
For contracts without an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as each spot airs. The airing of individual spots without a guaranteed audience level are each distinct, individual performance obligations. The Company allocates the consideration to each spot based on its relative standalone selling price. 
Distribution revenues are generated from fees charged to network distributors, which include cable, direct-to-home (“DTH”) satellite, telecommunications and digital service providers, and DTC subscribers. Cable operators, DTH satellite operators and telecommunications service providers typically pay royalties via a per-subscriber fee for the right to distribute the Company’s programming under the terms of distribution contracts. The majority of the Company’s distribution fees are collected monthly throughout the year and distribution revenue is recognized over the term of the contracts based on contracted programming rates and reported subscriber levels. The amount of distribution fees due to the Company is reported by distributors based on actual subscriber levels. Such information is generally not received until after the close of the reporting period. In these cases, the Company estimates the number of subscribers receiving the Company’s programming to estimate royalty revenue. Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material. Distribution revenue from fixed-fee contracts is recognized over the contract term based on the continuous delivery of the content to the affiliate. Any monetary incentives provided to distributors other than for distinct goods or services acquired at fair value are recognized as a reduction of revenue over the term.
