MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(2) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses (including the partial or full sale of an equity method investment) and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, any KDP or JDE Peet’s ownership reductions are reflected as divestitures within our non-GAAP results the following quarter. See Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , and Note 7, Equity Method Investments, for information on acquisitions and divestitures impacting the comparability of our results. 
(3) Constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. 
(4) Non-GAAP adjustments related to the Simplify to Grow Program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. Costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-GAAP adjustments.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Norco NGL fractionator receives mixed NGLs from refineries and natural gas processing facilities located in southern Louisiana and along the Mississippi and Alabama Gulf Coast, including our Pascagoula and Venice facilities.
We are currently constructing a 60 MBPD natural gasoline hydrotreater facility at our Mont Belvieu-area complex along with related storage and pipeline infrastructure. The new facility, which is designed to lower the sulfur content of natural gasoline, is scheduled to be completed and placed into service during the fourth quarter of 2021.
We utilize underground salt dome storage caverns and above-ground storage tanks to store mixed and purity NGLs, petrochemicals and related products that are owned by us and our customers. The results of operations from our storage facilities are dependent upon the level of storage capacity reserved by customers, the volume of product delivered into and withdrawn from storage, and the fees associated with each activity.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We operate in three reportable segments consisting of aviation, land and marine. In our aviation segment, we offer fuel and related products and services to major commercial airlines, second and third-tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low cost carriers, airports, fixed based operators, corporate fleets, fractional operators, private aircraft, military fleets and the U.S. and foreign governments as well as intergovernmental organizations. In our land segment, we offer fuel, lubricants, power and natural gas solutions and related products and services to customers including petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and government customers. Our marine segment product and service offerings include fuel, lubricants and related products and services to a broad base of customers, including international container and tanker fleets, commercial cruise lines, yachts and time-charter operators, offshore rig owners and operators, the U.S. and foreign governments as well as other fuel suppliers. Within each of our segments, we may enter into derivative contracts to mitigate the risk of market price fluctuations and also to offer our customers fuel pricing alternatives to meet their needs. 
In our aviation and land segments, we primarily purchase and resell fuel and other products. Profit from our aviation and land segments is primarily determined by the volume and the gross profit achieved on fuel sales and related services. In our marine segment, we primarily purchase and resell fuel and also act as brokers for others. Profit from our marine segment is determined mostly by the volume and gross profit achieved on fuel resales and by the volume and commission rate of the brokering business. Profitability in our segments also depends on our operating expenses, which may be materially affected to the extent that we are required to provide for potential bad debt. 
Corporate expenses are allocated to each segment based on usage, where possible, or other factors according to the nature of the activity. We evaluate and manage our business segments using the performance measurement of income from operations.
