MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
– Adjusted EPS increased in 2022, driven by operating gains and fewer shares outstanding, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation, higher interest expense and lower equity method investment earnings. 
– Adjusted EPS increased in 2021, driven by operating gains, favorable currency translation, fewer shares outstanding, higher equity method investment earnings and lower interest expense, partially offset by higher taxes primarily due to a lower net benefit from non-recurring discrete tax items. 
Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis are non-GAAP financial measures. We use these measures as they provide improved year-over-year comparability of our underlying results (see the definition of Adjusted EPS and our reconciliation with diluted EPS within Non-GAAP Financial Measures appearing later in this section).

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
As of February 21, 2020 , we employed approximately 5,500 employees globally. Our principal executive office is located at 9800 Northwest 41 st Street, Miami, Florida 33178 and our telephone number at this address is 305‑428‑8000. Our internet address is http://www.wfscorp.com and the investor relations section of our website is located at http://ir.wfscorp.com. We make available free of charge, on or through the investor relations section of our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10‑K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10‑Q, Current Reports on Form 8‑K, Proxy Statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Also posted on our website are our Code of Conduct (“Code of Conduct”), Board of Directors’ committee charters and Corporate Governance Principles. Our internet website and information contained on our internet website are not part of this 2019 10‑K Report and are not incorporated by reference in this 2019 10‑K Report. 
We operate in three reportable segments consisting of aviation, land and marine. During each of the years presented on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, none of our aviation, land or marine customers accounted for more than 10% of any segment or total consolidated revenue. Financial information with respect to our business segments and the geographic areas of our business is provided below and within "Note 13. Business Segments, Geographic Information and Major Customers" within "Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" included in this 2019 10-K Report. 
We provide global aviation fuel supply and comprehensive service solutions to major commercial airlines, second and third-tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low-cost carriers, airports, fixed based operators, corporate fleets, fractional operators and private aircraft. Our aviation‑related service offerings include fuel management, price risk management, ground handling, 24/7 global dispatch services, and international trip planning services, including flight plans, weather reports and overflight permits. We also supply products and services to U.S. and foreign government and military customers, such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") and the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency (collectively, "government customers"). In addition, we offer card payment solutions and related processing services and technology.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Texas Intrastate System increased $46.1 million year-to-year primarily due to higher capacity reservation fees. Transportation volumes on our Texas Intrastate System increased 124 BBtus/d. Gross operating margin from our Acadian Gas System increased $12.2 million year-to-year primarily due to a $10.4 million benefit recognized in 2019 in connection with proceeds received from a legal settlement.
Gross operating margin from our Permian Basin Gathering System increased $30.0 million year-to-year primarily due to higher gathering volumes, which accounted for a $23.8 million increase, and an increase in condensate sales, which accounted for an additional $13.5 million increase, partially offset by lower deficiency fees, which accounted for a $10.5 million decrease. Natural gas gathering volumes on the Permian Basin Gathering System increased 357 BBtus/d. Gross operating margin from our San Juan Gathering System decreased $18.0 million year-to-year primarily due to a 94 BBtus/d decrease in gathering volumes, which accounted for a $10.1 million decrease, and lower condensate sales, which accounted for an additional $4.8 million decrease.
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):
