SALESFORCE INC report:
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received. The primary areas that remain preliminary relate to the fair values of intangible assets acquired, certain tangible assets and liabilities acquired, legal and other contingencies as of the acquisition date, income and non-income-based taxes and residual goodwill. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of Vlocity’s industry-specific cloud and mobile software. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with Vlocity customers. 
The Company assumed unvested options with a fair value of $ 139 million. Of the total consideration, $ 6 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 133 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Certain assets, primarily diagnostics instruments, are leased to customers under contractual arrangements that typically include an operating or sales-type lease as well as performance obligations for reagents and other consumables. Sales-type leases are not significant. Contract terms vary by customer and may include options to terminate the contract or options to extend the contract. Where instruments are provided under operating lease arrangements, some portion or the entire lease revenue may be variable and subject to subsequent non-lease component (e.g., reagent) sales. The allocation of revenue between the lease and non-lease components is based on standalone selling prices. Operating lease revenue represented less than 3 percent of Abbott’s total net sales in the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
Assets related to operating leases are reported within Net property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The original cost and the net book value of such assets were $ 3.5 billion and $ 1.6 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2021 and $ 3.3 billion and $ 1.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2020.
Certain Abbott foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates primarily for anticipated intercompany purchases by those subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. These contracts, with gross notional amounts totaling $ 8.6 billion at December 31, 2021, and $ 8.1 billion at December 31, 2020, are designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of the cash flows due to changes in foreign exchange rates and are recorded at fair value. Accumulated gains and losses as of December 31, 2021 will be included in Cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally through the next twelve to eighteen months .

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the net carrying value of our property, plant and equipment was $38.74 billion and $35.62 billion, respectively. We recorded $1.44 billion, $1.30 billion and $1.22 billion of depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. For additional information regarding our property, plant and equipment, see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
Long-lived assets (including property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with finite useful lives) are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable through future cash flows. Examples of such events or changes might be production declines that are not replaced by new discoveries or long-term decreases in the demand or price of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals or refined products. 
The carrying value of a long-lived asset is deemed not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of undiscounted estimated cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Estimates of undiscounted cash flows are based on a number of assumptions including anticipated operating margins and volumes; estimated useful life of the asset or asset group; and estimated residual values. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable, an impairment charge would be recorded for the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its estimated fair value, which is derived from an analysis of the asset’s estimated future cash flows, the market value of similar assets and replacement cost of the asset less any applicable depreciation or amortization. In addition, fair value estimates also include the usage of probabilities when there is a range of possible outcomes.
