ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is identifiable to the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products reportable segment. The acquired tangible assets consist primarily of trade accounts receivable of approximately $1.1 billion, inventory of approximately $1.7 billion, other current assets of $176 million, property and equipment of approximately $1.5 billion, and other long-term assets of approximately $455 million. The acquired tangible liabilities consist of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities of approximately $1.1 billion and other non-current liabilities of approximately $870 million. 
In 2016, Abbott and St. Jude Medical agreed to sell certain businesses to Terumo Corporation (Terumo) for approximately $1.12 billion. The sale included the St. Jude Medical Angio-Seal™ and Femoseal™ vascular closure and Abbott's Vado® Steerable Sheath businesses. The sale closed on January 20, 2017 and no gain or loss was recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
On October 3, 2017, Abbott acquired Alere, a diagnostic device and service provider, for $51.00 per common share in cash, which equated to a purchase price of approximately $4.5 billion. As part of the acquisition, Abbott tendered for Alere's preferred shares for a total value of approximately $0.7 billion. In addition, approximately $3.0 billion of Alere's debt was assumed and subsequently repaid. The acquisition establishes Abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expands Abbott's global diagnostics presence and provides access to new products, channels and geographies. Abbott utilized a combination of cash on hand and debt to fund the acquisition. See Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit for further details regarding the debt utilized for the acquisition.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Level 2 – includes primarily pooled funds, including assets in real estate pooled funds, valued using net asset values of participation units held in common collective trusts, as reported by the managers of the trusts and as supported by the unit prices of actual purchase and sale transactions. Level 2 plan assets also include corporate bonds and other fixed-income securities, valued using independent observable market inputs, such as matrix pricing, yield curves and indices. 
• Level 3 – includes investments valued using unobservable inputs that reflect the plans’ assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets, based on the best information available. 
• Fair value estimates for pooled funds are calculated by the investment advisor when reliable quotations or pricing services are not readily available for certain underlying securities. The estimated value is based on either cost or last sale price for most of the securities valued in this fashion.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Concentration Risks —Financial instruments that subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The Company’s cash equivalents are invested primarily in money market funds at major financial institutions. The account balances at these institutions may exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) insurance coverage, and as a result, there may be a concentration of risk related to amounts invested in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. Credit risk related to accounts receivable is dispersed across a significantly large number of customers located throughout the U.S. The Company attempts to reduce credit risk through initial and ongoing credit evaluations of its customers’ financial condition. There were no receivables from any one customer representing more than 5% of our consolidated gross accounts receivable as of January 2, 2021. 
In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting , which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. ASU 2020-04 was further amended in January 2021 by ASU 2021-01, 
Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope . This guidance is currently effective prospectively for all entities through December 31, 2022 when the reference rate replacement activity is expected to have completed. The Company adopted the provisions of ASU No. 2020-04 on a prospective basis at the beginning of the second quarter of fiscal year 2020 with no impact to the Company’s financial position or results of operations.
