ALLSTATE CORP report:
Aleka Insurance Inc. N/A N/A 183 187 Lloyd’s of London (“Lloyd’s”) A+ A 180 165 Pacific Valley Insurance Company, Inc. N/A N/A 88 35 Swiss Reinsurance America Corporation AA- A+ 67 75 Other, including allowance for credit losses 575 611 Subtotal 1,093 1,073 Total Property-Liability 9,448   9,854   
(2) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, MCCA includes $62 million and $51 million of reinsurance recoverable on paid claims, respectively, and $6.66 billion and $6.64 billion of reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims, respectively. 
Reinsurance and indemnification recoverables include an estimate of the amount of insurance claims and claims expense reserves that are ceded under the terms of the agreements, including IBNR unpaid losses. We calculate our ceded reinsurance and indemnification estimates based on the terms of each applicable agreement, including an estimate of how IBNR losses will ultimately be ceded under the agreement. We also consider other limitations and coverage exclusions under our agreements. Accordingly, our estimate of recoverables is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as our estimate of reserves claims and claims expense. We believe the recoverables are appropriately established; however, as our underlying reserves continue to develop, the amount ultimately recoverable may vary from amounts currently recorded. We regularly evaluate the reinsurers and the respective amounts of our reinsurance recoverables, and a provision for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables is recorded, if needed. The establishment of reinsurance recoverables and the related allowance for

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
(2) During 2022, we recorded net gains of $ 119 million in connection with the open market repurchases, which were reflected within Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of income. 
(1) Net proceeds were net of underwriting discounts and other issuance costs. In addition, for securities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, net proceeds are shown on a U.S. dollar equivalent basis. 
(2) An amount equal to the net proceeds from this green bond is expected to be used to fund, in whole or in part, certain renewable energy projects, including new and existing investments made by us during the period from December 1, 2021 through the maturity date of the green bond.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company's core mission is to empower its customers to connect with their customers in entirely new ways through cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, voice, advanced analytics and artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies. Salesforce’s Customer 360 is an integrated platform that unites sales, service, marketing, commerce, integration, analytics and more to give companies a single, shared view of their customers. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the result of which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
