SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company operates as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Over the past few years, the Company has completed a number of acquisitions. These acquisitions have allowed the Company to expand its offerings, presence and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. 
While the Company has offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing market segments, including as a result of the Company's acquisitions, and operates in multiple countries, the Company’s business operates in one operating segment because most of the Company's service offerings operate on the Customer 360 Platform, most of the Company's service offerings are 
deployed in a nearly identical way, and the Company’s CODM evaluates the Company’s financial information and resources and assesses the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Florida Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Agreement comprises five contracts, as described below, which reinsures Castle Key for personal lines property excess catastrophe losses in Florida. For the June 1, 2019 to May 31, 2020 term, the agreement includes two contracts placed in the traditional market, Castle Key’s reimbursement contracts with the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (“Mandatory FHCF contracts”), and the Sanders Re 2017-2 Contract (“Sanders Re 2017-2”) placed in the ILS markets. 
Below FHCF Contract reinsures personal lines property excess catastrophe losses caused by multiple perils in Florida. The contract provides three separate limits of $ 34 million in excess of a $ 20 million retention, each occurrence, and is 100 % placed. The contract includes two reinstatements of limits. The first reinstatement of limits is prepaid and the second or final reinstatement requires additional premium. Only the portion of the limit utilized to indemnify losses from an event mandatorily reinstates; the remaining reinstatement limit remains available and will be used as future events erode the per occurrence contract limit. Reinsurance premium is subject to redetermination for exposure changes. 
Mandatory FHCF Contracts indemnify qualifying personal lines property losses caused by storms the National Hurricane Center declares to be hurricanes. The contracts provide $ 151 million of limits in excess of a $ 54 million provisional retention and are 90 % placed (or $ 136 million in excess of a $ 54 million provisional retention), and also include reimbursement of up to 10 % of eligible loss adjustment expenses, which is part of and not in addition to the reinsurance limit provided, with no reinstatement of limits. For each of the two largest hurricanes, the provisional retention is $ 54 million and a retention equal to one-third of that

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Pricing. With respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an important role in the wireless competitive landscape. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. Many wireless service providers also bundle wireless service offerings with other products and offer promotional pricing and incentives, some of which may be targeted specifically to customers of Verizon. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements. In addition, aggressive device promotions have become more common in an effort to gain a greater share of subscribers interested in changing carriers. With respect to wireline services, pricing is used by competitors to capture market share from incumbents, and it is a significant factor as non-traditional modes of providing communication services emerge and new entrants compete for customers. For example, VoIP and portal-based voice and video calling is often free or nearly free to customers and is often supported by advertising revenues. 
Customer service. We believe that high-quality customer service is a key factor in retaining customers and attracting new customers, including those of other providers. Our customer service, retention and satisfaction programs are based on providing customers with convenient and easy-to-use products and services and focusing on their needs in order to promote long-term relationships and minimize churn. The Verizon Up program, for example, was launched to promote long-term relationships with our Consumer customers. The program offers a variety of rewards to customers in exchange for points in connection with their account-related transactions. 
Customer service is highly valued by our Business customers. We provide Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other customers with ready access to their system and performance information, and we conduct proactive testing of our networks to identify issues before they affect our customers. We service our Small and Medium Business customers through service representatives and online support, as well as through store-based representatives for small business customers. For Wholesale customers, we pursue service improvement through continued system automation initiatives.
