SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company had a valuation allowance of $ 633 million and $ 463 million as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 respectively. The Company regularly assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company evaluates and weighs all available positive and negative evidence such as historic results, future reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, as well as prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies. The assessment requires significant judgment and is performed in each of the applicable jurisdictions. The increase in the valuation allowance during fiscal 2023 was primarily due to state tax credits and certain U.S foreign tax credits that are not expected to be realized. At the end of January 31, 2023, the valuation allowance was primarily related to U.S. states’ net operating loss and tax credits, and certain U.S foreign tax credits. The Company will continue to evaluate the need for valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets. 
The Company records liabilities related to its uncertain tax positions. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. 
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of total unrecognized tax benefits for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in millions):

ALLSTATE CORP report:
PLIGA annually collects a UCJF assessment from all admitted property and casualty insurers writing motor vehicle liability insurance in New Jersey for UCJF indemnification and expenses. UCJF assessments can be expensed as losses recoverable in rates as appropriate. As of December 31, 2021, the date of its most recent annual financial report, the UCJF fund had a balance of $ 62 million. 
North Carolina Reinsurance Facility The NCRF provides automobile liability insurance to drivers that private market insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. All insurers licensed to write automobile insurance in North Carolina are members of the NCRF. Premiums, losses and expenses are assigned to the NCRF. North Carolina law allows the NCRF to recoup 
operating losses for certain insureds through a surcharge to policyholders. As of September 30, 2022, the NCRF reported a deficit of $ 148 million in members’ equity. The NCRF implemented a loss recoupment surcharge on all private passenger and commercial fleet policies effective October 1, 2022, through March 31, 2023. Member companies are assessed the recoupment surcharge. The loss recoupment surcharge will be adjusted on April 1, 2023 and discontinued once losses are recovered. The NCRF results are shared by the member companies in proportion to their respective North Carolina automobile liability writings. For the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, net loss was $ 81 million, including $ 1.1 billion of earned premiums, $ 302 million of certain private passenger auto risk recoupment and $ 37 million of member loss recoupments. As of December 31, 2022, the NCRF recoverables on paid claims is $ 52 million and recoverables on unpaid claims is $ 240 million. Paid recoverable balances, if covered, are typically settled within sixty days of monthly filing.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Despite this challenging environment, we expect that we will be able to grow key aspects of our wireline services. We continue to provide network reliability and offer products, which include fiber-optic internet access, several video services, and voice services. Further, we will continue to offer our business and government customers a converged-enterprise environment for voice and data services as well as more robust IP products and services, and advance our IoT strategies by leveraging business models that monetize usage on our networks at the connectivity, platform and solution layers. 
In 2022, as a result of the inflationary environment in the U.S., we experienced increases in our direct costs, including electricity and other energy-related costs for our network operations, and transportation and labor costs, as well as increased interest expenses related to rising interest rates. We believe that this inflationary environment and the resulting decline in real wages in the U.S. are altering consumer preferences, and causing certain consumers to become more price conscious. We expect the inflationary environment and the resulting pressures to continue in 2023. For a discussion of the risks relating to unfavorable economic conditions and inflation to our business, refer to Item 1A Risk Factors. 
In our Consumer segment, we expect to continue to attract new customers and maintain high-quality retail postpaid customers, capitalizing on demand for data services and providing our customers new ways of using wireless services in their daily lives. We expect that future connection growth will be driven by FWA, as well as smartphones, tablets and other connected devices such as wearables. We believe the combination of our wireless network performance and service offerings provides a superior
