ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Houston Ship Channel   Pipeline System connects our Mont Belvieu area assets to our marine terminals on the Houston Ship Channel and to area petrochemical plants, refineries and other pipelines. 
The Rio Grande Pipeline transports mixed NGLs from near Odessa, Texas to a pipeline interconnect at the Mexican border south of El Paso, Texas. We own a 70% consolidated interest in the Rio Grande Pipeline through our majority owned subsidiary, Rio Grande Pipeline Company. 
The Panola Pipeline transports mixed NGLs from injection points near Carthage, Texas to the Mont Belvieu hub and supports the Haynesville and Cotton Valley oil and gas production areas. We own a 55% consolidated interest in the Panola Pipeline through our majority owned subsidiary, Panola Pipeline Company, LLC.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company recognizes foreign-currency transaction gains and losses related to revaluing or settling monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward foreign-exchange contracts. These items were immaterial in 2020, 2019, and 2018. 
The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09 in 2019, which provided for changes in the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The Company recognizes sales for the amount of consideration collected from the member, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, and is net of sales taxes collected and remitted to government agencies and member returns. The Company reserves for estimated returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns and reduces sales and merchandise costs accordingly. The Company records, on a gross basis, a refund liability and an asset for recovery, which are included in other current liabilities and other current assets, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The Company offers merchandise in the following core merchandise categories: food and sundries, hardlines, softlines, and fresh foods. The Company also provides expanded products and services through warehouse ancillary and other businesses. The majority of revenue from merchandise sales is recognized at the point of sale. Revenue generated through e-commerce or special orders is generally recognized upon shipment to the member. For merchandise shipped directly to the member, shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred as fulfillment costs and included in merchandise costs in the consolidated statements of income. In certain ancillary businesses, revenue is deferred until the member picks up merchandise at the warehouse. Deferred sales are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In October 2022, the Company sold its 49 % stake in Golden Maple Limited (known as Tencent Video VIP) for proceeds of $ 143 million and recorded a gain of $ 55 million, and in April 2022 completed the sale of its minority interest in Discovery Education for proceeds of $ 138 million and recorded a gain of $ 133 million. 
Also, in September 2022, the Company sold 75 % of its interest in The CW Network to Nexstar Media Inc. (“Nexstar”), in exchange for Nexstar agreeing to fund a majority of The CW Network’s expenses and the retention of the Company’s share of certain receivables that existed prior to the transaction. There was no cash consideration exchanged in the transaction. The Company recorded an immaterial gain and retained a 12.5 % ownership interest in The CW Network, which is accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 U.S. Networks International Networks Studios Networks DTC Total December 31, 2020 $ 10,813   $ 2,257   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 13,070   Dispositions (See Note 4)
