ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We capitalize interest costs incurred on funds used to construct property, plant and equipment while the asset is in its construction phase. Capitalized interest amounts become part of the historical cost of an asset and are charged to earnings (as a component of depreciation expense) on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset once the asset enters its intended service. When capitalized interest is recorded, it reduces interest expense from what it would be otherwise. Capitalized interest amounts fluctuate based on the timing of when projects are placed into service, our capital investment levels and the interest rates charged on borrowings.
Interest charged on debt principal outstanding, which is a key driver of interest expense, decreased $31.7 million year-to-year primarily due to lower debt principal amounts outstanding during 2021, which accounted for a $25.3 million decrease, and the effects of lower overall interest rates during 2021, which accounted for an additional $6.4 million decrease. Our weighted-average debt principal balance for 2021 was $29.48 billion compared to $29.91 billion for 2020. For information regarding our debt obligations, see Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
On February 25, 2020, we received notice from Marquard & Bahls AG (“M&B”) of its election to exercise its rights under the Liquidity Option Agreement among the Partnership, OTA Holdings, Inc. (a Delaware corporation previously named Oiltanking Holding Americas, Inc. (“OTA”)), and M&B dated October 1, 2014 (the “Liquidity Option Agreement”). The Partnership settled its obligations under the Liquidity Option Agreement on March 5, 2020 and indirectly assumed the deferred tax liability of OTA, which reflects OTA’s outside basis difference in the limited partner interests it received from the Partnership in October 2014.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents our inter-segment eliminations by revenue and expense, Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating loss (in millions): 
Inter-segment revenue and expense eliminations primarily represent inter-segment content transactions and marketing and promotion activity between reportable segments. In our current segment structure, in certain instances, production and distribution activities are in different segments. Inter-segment content transactions are presented “gross” (i.e. the segment producing and/or licensing the content reports revenue and profit from inter-segment transactions in a manner similar to the reporting of third-party transactions, and the required eliminations are reported on the separate “Eliminations” line when presenting our summary of segment results). Generally, timing of revenue recognition is similar to the reporting of third-party transactions. The segment distributing the content, e.g. via our DTC or linear services, capitalizes the cost of inter-segment content transactions, including “mark-ups” and amortizes the costs over the shorter of the license term, if applicable, or the expected period of use. The content amortization expense related to the inter-segment profit is also eliminated on the separate “Eliminations” line when presenting our summary of segment results. 
Historically, we have generated a significant amount of cash from operations. During 2022, we funded our working capital needs primarily through cash flows from operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had $3.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents on hand. We are a well-known seasoned issuer and have the ability to conduct registered offerings of securities, including debt securities, common stock and preferred stock, on short notice, subject to market conditions. Access to sufficient capital from the public market is not assured. We have a $6.0 billion revolving credit facility and commercial paper program described below. We also participate in a revolving receivables program and an accounts receivable factoring program described below.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
• Gross margin percentage increased 18 basis points, driven primarily by certain core merchandise categories, partially offset by certain ancillary and other businesses, which were negatively impacted by COVID-19 related closures or restrictions; 
• SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased three basis points primarily due to leveraging increased sales and partial reversal of a previous year tax assessment. These benefits were partially offset by incremental wage and sanitation costs as a result of COVID-19; 
• In February 2020, we acquired a 35% interest in Navitus Health Solutions, a pharmacy benefit manager. In March 2020, we acquired Innovel Solutions, a company that provides final-mile delivery, installation and white-glove capabilities for big and bulky products across the United States and Puerto Rico;
