SALESFORCE INC report:
Also in fiscal 2019, we acquired Datorama, which provides a platform for enterprises, agencies and publishers to integrate data across marketing channels and data sources. The financial results of Datorama are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The total purchase price for Datorama was approximately $766 million. 
We have adjusted our consolidated financial statements from amounts previously reported due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("Topic 606")", which relates to revenue recognition and the capitalization of costs to acquire a revenue contract. The information presented reflects the adjusted amounts as compared to those previously reported. In addition, we have prospectively adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01, "Financial Instrument-Overall (Subtopic 825-10)" ("ASU 2016-01") and Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-16, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory" ("ASU 2016-16"). See Note 1, “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
We operate as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by our chief operating decision makers, Marc Benioff, who is the co-chief executive officer and the chairman of the board, and Keith Block, who is the co-chief executive officer, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Over the past few years, we have completed a number of acquisitions, including the acquisitions of MuleSoft and Datorama in fiscal 2019. These acquisitions have allowed us to expand our offerings, presence and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. While we have offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing market segments, including as a result of our acquisitions, our business operates in one operating segment because most of our offerings operate on a single customer success platform and are deployed in an identical way, and our chief operating decision makers evaluate our financial information and resources and assess the performance of these resources on a

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Competition —Competition is based on a number of factors, including delivered price, product offering and quality, location, access to raw materials, production efficiency and customer service, sometimes including customer financing terms. Our main competitors in our fertilizer operations in Argentina are Nutrien Ltd. (Agrium/ASP), YPF S.A., Profertil S.A., COFCO (Nidera B.V.), Yara International ASA and Louis Dreyfus. 
Risk management is a fundamental aspect of our business. Engaging in the hedging of risk exposures and anticipating market developments are critical to protecting and enhancing our return on assets. As such, we are active in derivative markets for agricultural commodities, energy, ocean freight, foreign currency, and interest rates. We seek to leverage the market insights that we gain through our global operations across our businesses by actively managing our physical and financial positions on a daily basis. See "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. " 
In each country in which we conduct business, our operations and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. We insure our businesses and assets in each country in a manner that we deem appropriate for a company of our size and activities, based on an analysis of the relative risks and costs. We believe that our geographic dispersion of assets helps mitigate the risk to our business from an adverse event affecting a specific facility. However, if we were to incur a significant loss or liability for which we were not insured in full or in part, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In addition to our liability hedging assets, we also employ an interest rate hedging strategy to further minimize the impact of discount rate changes on the funded ratio of the pension plan. While the target hedge ratio varies depending on the funded status of the plan and the level of interest rates, the target hedge ratio was greater than 80% at December 31, 2022, significantly limiting volatility. 
The annual measurement date for both our pension and other postretirement benefits is December 31. We use the full yield curve approach to estimate the interest cost component of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefits. The full yield curve approach refines our estimate of interest cost by applying the individual spot rates from a yield curve composed of the rates of return on several hundred high-quality fixed income corporate bonds available at the measurement date. These individual spot rates align with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments and therefore provide a more precise estimate of interest cost. 
Our current and deferred income taxes and associated valuation allowances are impacted by events and transactions arising in the normal course of business as well as in connection with the adoption of new accounting standards, changes in tax laws and rates, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and non-recurring items. As a global commercial enterprise, our income tax rate and the classification of income taxes can be affected by many factors, including estimates of the timing and realization of deferred income tax assets and the timing and amount of income tax payments. We account for tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in accordance with the accounting standard relating to the uncertainty in income taxes, which requires the use of a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We review and adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits based on our best judgment given the facts, circumstances and information available at each reporting date. To the extent that the final outcome of these tax positions is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may impact income tax expense and actual tax payments. We recognize any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Actual tax payments may materially differ from estimated liabilities as a result of changes in tax laws as well as unanticipated transactions impacting related income tax balances. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
