SALESFORCE INC report:
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect. 
Our Employee Opinion Survey is a vehicle for employees to provide confidential feedback on their experience as Salesforce employees. The results are used to assess employee engagement, our company culture and our workplace environment. Based on the results of the most recent survey, 95% of responding employees indicated they were willing to give extra effort to get the job done and over 90% of responding employees indicated that they would recommend Salesforce as a great place to work. 
In an effort to protect the safety and well-being of our employees, during the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we closed our offices around the world during the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and have worked to address the unique challenges and needs of our employees. Refer to our “Environmental, Social and Governance” Section in Item 7 of Part II. for additional information on the actions we have taken to support our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
There are no regulatory restrictions that limit the payment of dividends by the Corporation, except those generally applicable to corporations incorporated in Delaware. Dividends are payable only out of certain components of shareholders’ equity as permitted by Delaware law. However, the ability of the Corporation to pay dividends is dependent on business conditions, income, cash requirements of the Company, receipt of dividends from AIC and other relevant factors. 
The payment of shareholder dividends by AIC without the prior approval of the Illinois Department of Insurance (“IL DOI”) is limited to formula amounts based on net income and capital and surplus, determined in conformity with statutory accounting practices, as well as the timing and amount of dividends paid in the preceding twelve months. AIC paid dividends of $2.87 billion  in 2018 . The maximum amount of dividends AIC will be able to pay without prior IL DOI approval at a given point in time during 2019  is $2.73 billion , less dividends paid during the 
preceding twelve months measured at that point in time. The payment of a dividend in excess of this amount requires 30 days advance written notice to the IL DOI. The dividend is deemed approved, unless the IL DOI disapproves it within the 30 day notice period. Additionally, any dividend must be paid out of unassigned surplus excluding unrealized appreciation from investments, which for AIC totaled $11.15 billion  as of December 31, 2018 , and cannot result in capital and surplus being less than the minimum amount required by law.

BOEING CO report:
In the first quarter of 2019, we adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) and recognized on our Consolidated Statement of Financial Position $ 1,064 of lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets for operating leases. Our accounting for finance leases and lessor contracts remains substantially unchanged. The standard has no impact to cash provided or used by operating, investing, or financing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As permitted under the standard, we elected prospective application of the new guidance and prior periods continue to be presented in accordance with Topic 840. We also elected the package of practical expedients, which among other things, does not require reassessment of lease classification. See Note 9 and 13 for additional disclosures. 
In the first quarter of 2019, we adopted ASU 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), using the modified retrospective method. The standard refines and simplifies hedge accounting requirements for both financial and commodity risks. The impact of the adoption was not material. See Note 20 for additional disclosures. 
Commercial aircraft contracts The majority of our BCA segment revenue is derived from commercial aircraft contracts. For each contract, we determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received. We allocate the transaction price to each commercial aircraft performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices adjusted by an escalation formula as specified in the customer agreement. Revenue is recognized for each commercial aircraft performance obligation at the point in time when the aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. We use program accounting to determine the amount reported as cost of sales.
