WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Costs of produced and coproduced content consist of development costs, acquired production costs, direct production costs, certain production overhead costs and participation costs. The Company’s coproduction arrangements generally provide for the sharing of production costs. The Company records its costs but does not record the costs borne by the other party as the Company does not share any associated economics of exploitation. 
Licensed content is comprised of films or series that have been previously produced by third parties and the Company retains limited airing rights over a contractual term. Program licenses typically have fixed terms and require payments during the term of the license. The cost of licensed content is capitalized when the cost is known or reasonably determinable, the license period for the programs has commenced, the program materials have been accepted by the Company in accordance with the license agreements, and the programs are available for the first showing. The Company pays in advance of delivery for television series, specials, films and sports rights. Payments made in advance of when the right to air the content is received are recognized as prepaid licensed content. Participation costs are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs. Content distribution, advertising, marketing, general and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. 
Linear content amortization expense for each period is recognized based on the revenue forecast model, which approximates the proportion that estimated distribution and advertising revenues for the current period represent in relation to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues. Digital content amortization for each period is recognized based on estimated viewing patterns as there are no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets and therefore, number of views is most representative of the use of the title. Judgment is required to determine the useful lives and amortization patterns of the Company’s content assets.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Our primary objective is to increase the level of our distributable cash flow to our unitholders over time by pursuing a business strategy that is currently focused on growing our subsidiaries’ natural gas and liquids businesses through, among other things, pursuing certain construction and expansion opportunities relating to our subsidiaries’ existing infrastructure and acquiring certain strategic operations and businesses or assets. The actual amounts of cash that we will have available for distribution will primarily depend on the amount of cash our subsidiaries generate from their operations. 
On January 22, 2020, ETO issued 500,000 of its 6.750% Series F Preferred Units at a price of $1,000 per unit and 1,100,000 of its 7.125% Series G Preferred Units at a price of $1,000 per unit. The net proceeds were used to repay amounts outstanding under ETO’s revolving credit facility and for general partnership purposes. 
On January 22, 2020, ETO completed a registered offering (the “January 2020 Senior Notes Offering”) of $1.00 billion aggregate principal amount of ETO’s 2.900% Senior Notes due 2025, $1.50 billion aggregate principal amount of ETO’s 3.750% Senior Notes due 2030, and $2.00 billion aggregate principal amount of ETO’s 5.000% Senior Notes due 2050, (collectively, the “Notes”).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System has the capacity to transport approximately 450 MBPD of crude oil and condensate originating in South Texas to customers in the Houston area. This system includes storage terminal assets located at Lyssy, Milton, Marshall and Sealy, Texas. The South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System also includes our Rancho II pipeline, which extends 89-miles from the Sealy terminal to our ECHO terminal. From ECHO, we have connectivity to refinery customers and our marine terminals along the Texas Gulf Coast.
 • The Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System transports crude oil and condensate for producers in South Texas. The system, which is effectively looped and has a capacity to transport over 600 MBPD of light and medium grades of crude oil, consists of 390 miles of crude oil and condensate pipelines originating in Gardendale, Texas and extending to Corpus Christi, Texas. The system interconnects with our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System in Wilson County, Texas and our Corpus Christi marine terminal.
In addition to the operational storage capacity associated with our crude oil pipelines, we also own and operate crude oil terminals located in Houston, Midland and Beaumont, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma that are used to store crude oil for us and our customers. In conjunction with other aspects of our midstream network, our crude oil terminals provide Gulf Coast refiners with an integrated system featuring supply diversification, significant storage capabilities and a high capacity pipeline distribution system. Our system has access to an aggregate refining capacity of approximately 8 MMBPD.
