SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.109592 was applied to convert ClickSoftware's outstanding equity awards for ClickSoftware's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company's common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of ClickSoftware's field service management technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with ClickSoftware customers.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• We have 37 refined products terminals with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 8 MMBbls that facilitate the movement of refined products to or from storage or transportation systems, such as a pipeline, to other transportation systems, such as trucks or other pipelines. Each facility typically consists of multiple storage tanks and is equipped with automated truck loading equipment that is operational 24 hours a day. 
• In addition to crude oil service, the Eagle Point terminal can accommodate three marine vessels (ships or barges) to receive and deliver refined products to outbound ships and barges. The tank farm has a total active refined products storage capacity of approximately 7 MMBbls and provides customers with access to the facility via ship, barge and pipeline. The terminal can deliver via ship, barge, truck or pipeline, providing customers with access to various markets. The terminal generates revenue primarily by charging fees based on throughput, blending services and storage. 
• The Marcus Hook Terminal also has a tank farm with total refined products storage capacity of approximately 2 MMBbls of refined products storage. The terminal receives and delivers refined products via pipeline and primarily provides terminalling services to support movements on our refined products pipelines.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our Code of Ethics requires that we “Take Care of Our Employees,” which is fundamental to the obligation to “Take Care of Our Members.” We must also carefully control our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, so that we can sell high quality goods and services at low prices. Compensation and benefits for employees is our largest expense after the cost of merchandise and is carefully monitored. 
At the end of 2022, we employed 304,000 employees worldwide. The large majority (approximately 95%) is employed in our membership warehouses and distribution channels, and less than 10% are represented by unions. We also utilize seasonal employees during peak periods. The total number of employees by segment is: 
We believe that our warehouses are among the most productive in the retail industry, owing in substantial part to the commitment and efficiency of our employees. We seek to provide them not merely with employment but careers. Many attributes of our business contribute to the objective; the more significant include: competitive compensation and benefits for those working in our membership warehouses and distributions channels; a commitment to promoting from within; and maintaining a ratio of at least 50% of our employee base being full-time employees. These attributes contribute to what we consider, especially for the industry, a high retention rate. In 2022, in the U.S. that rate was approximately 90% for employees who have been with us for at least one year.
