ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
USE OF ESTIMATES — The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates, income taxes, pension and other post-employment benefits, valuation of intangible assets, litigation, derivative financial instruments, and inventory and accounts receivable exposures.
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION — The statements of earnings of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustment account, which is included in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
REVENUE RECOGNITION — Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms set forth in the customer contract. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for shipments in excess of a customer’s normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary. In certain of Abbott’s businesses, primarily within diagnostics, Abbott participates in selling arrangements that include multiple performance obligations (e.g., instruments, reagents, procedures, and service agreements). The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Partnership recorded impairments totaling $3.01 billion, $74 million and $431 million, respectively, including $129 million in impairments in unconsolidated affiliates in 2020, and $66 million, $53 million and $52 million of long-lived asset impairments in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Additional information on the impairments recorded during these periods is available in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 
Management does not believe that any of the Partnership’s goodwill balances, long-lived assets or investments in unconsolidated affiliates is currently at significant risk of a material impairment; however, of the $2.39 billion of goodwill on 
the Partnership’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020, approximately $368 million is recorded in reporting units for which the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value by less than 20% in the most recent quantitative test.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Commerce. Our Commerce offering empowers brands to unify the shopping experience across many points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. Through personalized, connected shopping experiences and a robust partner ecosystem, our Commerce offering helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, loyalty and revenue from their customers. Our Commerce offering also delivers click-to-code tools that provide customers with the ability to choose how they build and deploy our solutions quickly around their customers as markets, industries and customers change. 
Analytics . Our Analytics offering, including Tableau, provides customers with an advanced, end-to-end analytics solution serving a broad range of enterprise use cases. Analytics offers customers intelligent analytics capabilities to better see and understand their business data, enabling them to work more efficiently, use advanced AI models, spot trends, predict outcomes, get timely recommendations and take action from any device. 
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences.
