ALLSTATE CORP report:
For property and casualty insurance, DAC is amortized into income as premiums are earned, typically over periods of six or twelve months for personal lines policies or generally one to five years for protection plans and other contracts (primarily related to finance and insurance products), and is included in amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs. DAC associated with property and casualty insurance is periodically reviewed for recoverability and adjusted if necessary. Future investment income is considered in determining the recoverability of DAC. 
Assumptions used in the amortization of DAC and reserve calculations are established at the time the policy is issued and are generally not revised during the life of the policy. Any deviations from projected business in force resulting from actual policy terminations differing from expected levels and any estimated premium deficiencies may result in a change to the rate of amortization in the period such events occur. Generally, the amortization periods for these policies approximates the estimated lives of the policies. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of DAC using actual experience and current assumptions. Voluntary accident and health insurance products and traditional life insurance products are reviewed individually. If actual experience and current assumptions are adverse compared to the 
original assumptions and a premium deficiency is determined to exist, any remaining unamortized DAC balance would be expensed to the extent not recoverable and the establishment of a premium deficiency reserve may be required for any remaining deficiency.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Other revenue includes non-service revenues such as regulatory fees, cost recovery surcharges, revenues associated with certain products included in our device protection offerings, leasing and interest on equipment financed under a device payment plan agreement when sold to the customer by an authorized agent. 
• a decrease of $462 million that resulted from an update to our device protection offering which increased the price of the bundled offering and changed the product mix within the offering such that a smaller amount of the overall device protection revenue is recognized in Other revenue; and 
• an increase in rent expense of $323 million related to adding capacity to the networks to support demand and lease modifications for certain existing cell towers to support the build out of our 5G wireless network;

SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
