SALESFORCE INC report:
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes, and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The U.S. wireless market has achieved a high penetration of smartphones, which reduces the opportunity for new phone connection growth for the industry. We expect future revenue growth in the industry to be driven by expanding existing customer relationships, increasing the number of ways customers can connect with wireless networks and services and increasing the penetration of other connected devices including wearables, tablets and IoT devices. We expect 5G technology will provide a significant opportunity for growth in the industry in 2021 and beyond. With respect to our wireless connectivity products and services, we compete against other national wireless service providers, including AT&T Inc. and T-Mobile USA, Inc., as well as various regional wireless service providers. We also compete for retail activations with resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers, including Verizon, and resell it to their customers. Resellers include cable companies and others. We face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc. and others are offering alternative 
With respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an important role in the wireless competitive landscape. We compete in this area by offering our customers services and devices that we believe they will regard as the best available value for the price. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. These service offerings will vary from time to time based on customer needs, technology changes and market conditions and may be provided as standard plans or as part of limited time promotional offers. 
We expect future service revenue growth opportunities to arise from increased access revenue as customers shift to higher access plans, driven in part by attractive bundled content with premium brands, as well as from increased connections per account. Future service revenue growth opportunities will be dependent on expanding the penetration of our services, increasing the number of ways that our customers can connect with our networks and services and the development of new ecosystems. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
(1) Paid and incurred includes amounts primarily related to the acquisition of SafeAuto. Additionally, incurred includes the amortization of the fair value adjustment related to the acquisition of National General. 
Incurred claims and claims expense represents the sum of paid losses, claim adjustment expenses and reserve changes in the calendar year. This expense includes losses from catastrophes of $ 3.34 billion, $ 2.81 billion and $ 2.56 billion in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, net of recoverables. Catastrophes are an inherent risk of the property and casualty insurance business that have contributed to, and will continue to contribute to, material year-to-year fluctuations in the Company’s results of operations and financial position. 
The Company calculates and records a single best reserve estimate for losses from catastrophes, in conformance with generally accepted actuarial standards. As a result, management believes that no other estimate is better than the recorded amount. Due to the uncertainties involved, including the factors described above, the ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded amounts, which are based on management’s best estimates. Accordingly, management believes that it is not practical to develop a meaningful range for any such changes in losses incurred.
