ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• a $51.2 million year-to-year increase in cash distributions paid to common unitholders attributable to increases in the quarterly cash distribution rate per unit; partially offset by
 • a net $757.4 million year-to-year increase in net cash inflows from debt. In 2020, we issued $4.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of $1.5 billion principal amount of senior notes. In 2019, we issued $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, partially offset by the repayment or repurchase of $1.52 billion principal amount of senior and junior subordinated notes. In addition, net repayments of short term notes under EPO’s commercial paper program were $481.8 million in 2020 compared to net issuances of $481.8 million in 2019; and
Our partnership agreement requires us to make quarterly distributions to our unitholders of all available cash, after any cash reserves established by Enterprise GP in its sole discretion. Cash reserves include those for the proper conduct of our business, including those for capital investments, debt service, working capital, operating expenses, common unit repurchases, commitments and contingencies and other amounts. The retention of cash by the partnership allows us to reinvest in our growth and reduce our future reliance on the equity and debt capital markets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. Segment operating income excludes unrealized gains and losses on hedging activities (which are a component of cost of sales), general corporate expenses (which are a component of selling, general and administrative expenses), amortization of intangibles, gains and losses on divestitures and acquisition-related costs (which are a component of selling, general and administrative expenses) in all periods presented. We exclude these items from segment operating income in order to provide better transparency of our segment operating results. Furthermore, we centrally manage benefit plan non-service income and interest and other expense, net. Accordingly, we do not present these items by segment because they are excluded from the segment profitability measure that management reviews. 
During the first quarter of 2018, in connection with adopting a new pension cost classification accounting standard, we reclassified certain of our benefit plan component costs other than service costs out of operating income into a new line item, benefit plan non-service income, on our consolidated statements of earnings. As such, we have recast our historical operating income and segment operating income to reflect this reclassification, which had no impact to earnings before income taxes or net earnings. 
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues from continuing operations in 2019 . Our five largest customers accounted for 17.0 % and our ten largest customers accounted for 23.2 % of net revenues from continuing operations in 2019 .

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In our land segment, we primarily offer fuel, heating oil, propane, natural gas, lubricants and related products and services to petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and government customers. Our land-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel and price risk management. We primarily conduct these activities throughout most of the U.S. as well as parts of the U.K. and Brazil. We also offer advisory and fulfillment solutions with respect to power, natural gas and other energy products, as well as sustainability consulting, renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management brand with offices in the U.S., Australia and throughout Europe. In addition, we offer transaction management services, which include card payment solutions, government payment systems for global fuel procurement, merchant processing services, payment solutions for tolls across Europe, and commercial payment programs. 
In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies. These transactions may be pursuant to fuel purchase contracts or through spot sales. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain strategic locations, including pipelines. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market‑based formulas. 
Finally, we provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal commonly referred to as “racks,” which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third‑parties.
