MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Workforce Profile : At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 91,000 employees. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 13,000 U.S. employees and approximately 78,000 employees outside the United States, with employees represented by labor unions or workers’ councils representing approximately 28% of our U.S. employees and approximately 50% of our employees outside the United States. 
Workplace Safety and Wellness : We promote a strong culture of safety and prioritize keeping all our employees, contractors and visitors safe. To accomplish this, we employ comprehensive health, safety and environment management policies and standards throughout the organization. In addition, we strive to continuously improve our work processes, tools and metrics to reduce workplace injuries and enhance safety. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we will continue to take appropriate measures in our facilities including implementing temperature screening, social distancing, mask-wearing and work-from-home policies where applicable and in accordance with state and local guidelines. We remain committed to providing a modern and flexible approach to how and where we work. We have established a hybrid-model that embraces the benefits of flexibility and collaboration, and expect our office-based employees to engage with colleagues, customers and suppliers in-person on a regular basis.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Bakken Pipeline. The Dakota Access and Energy Transfer Crude Oil pipelines are collectively referred to as the “Bakken Pipeline.” The Bakken Pipeline is a 1,916-mile pipeline with capacity of 570 MBbls/d, that transports domestically produced crude oil from the Bakken/Three Forks production areas in North Dakota to a storage and terminal hub outside of Patoka, Illinois, or to gulf coast connections including our crude terminal in Nederland, Texas. 
The Dakota Access Pipeline went into service on June 1, 2017 and consists of approximately 1,172 miles of 12, 20, 24 and 30-inch diameter pipeline traversing North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. Crude oil transported on the Dakota Access Pipeline originates at six terminal locations in the North Dakota counties of Mountrail, Williams and McKenzie. The pipeline delivers the crude oil to a hub outside of Patoka, Illinois where it can be delivered to the Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline for delivery to the Gulf Coast or can be transported via other pipelines to refining markets throughout the Midwest. 
The Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline went into service on June 1, 2017 and consists of approximately 675 miles of mostly 30-inch converted natural gas pipeline and 69 miles of new 30-inch pipeline from Patoka, Illinois to Nederland, Texas, where the crude oil can be refined or further transported to additional refining markets.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As described in Note 2, we generate advertising revenues primarily from advertising sold on our television networks and websites and distribution revenues from fees charged to distributors of its network content, which include cable, direct-to-home satellite, telecommunications and digital service providers and bundled long-term content arrangements, as well as through DTC subscription services. 
Revenue contracts with our advertising customers may include multiple distinct performance obligations. For example, linear and digital advertising contracts may include the airing of spots and/or the satisfaction of an audience guarantee. For such contracts, judgment is required in allocating the contract value to the individual performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices. Various factors such as prior transactions, rate cards and other market indicators are used to determine the standalone selling price of each performance obligation and accordingly, how much revenue is allocated to each performance obligation. For these contracts, revenue recorded when each performance obligation has been satisfied and value has been transferred to the customer. 
A substantial portion of the advertising contracts in the U.S. and certain international markets guarantee the advertiser a minimum audience level that either the program in which their advertisements are aired or the advertisement will reach. These advertising campaigns are considered to represent a single, distinct performance obligation. For such contracts, judgement is required in measuring progress across the Company’s single performance obligation. Various factors such as pricing specific to the channel, daypart and targeted demographic, as well as estimated audience guarantees, are considered in determining how to appropriately measure progress across the campaigns. Revenues are ultimately recognized based on the audience level delivered multiplied by the average price per impression.
