COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company recognizes foreign-currency transaction gains and losses related to revaluing or settling monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward foreign-exchange contracts. These items were immaterial in 2020, 2019, and 2018. 
The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09 in 2019, which provided for changes in the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The Company recognizes sales for the amount of consideration collected from the member, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, and is net of sales taxes collected and remitted to government agencies and member returns. The Company reserves for estimated returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns and reduces sales and merchandise costs accordingly. The Company records, on a gross basis, a refund liability and an asset for recovery, which are included in other current liabilities and other current assets, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The Company offers merchandise in the following core merchandise categories: food and sundries, hardlines, softlines, and fresh foods. The Company also provides expanded products and services through warehouse ancillary and other businesses. The majority of revenue from merchandise sales is recognized at the point of sale. Revenue generated through e-commerce or special orders is generally recognized upon shipment to the member. For merchandise shipped directly to the member, shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred as fulfillment costs and included in merchandise costs in the consolidated statements of income. In certain ancillary businesses, revenue is deferred until the member picks up merchandise at the warehouse. Deferred sales are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• The Nederland Terminal, in addition to crude oil activities, also provides approximately 1.9 MMBbls of storage and distribution services for NGLs in connection with the Mariner South and Mariner South 2 pipelines, which provide transportation of propane and butane products from the Mont Belvieu region to the Nederland Terminal, where such products can be exported via ship. 
• The Orbit Gulf Coast joint venture consists of a 70-mile, 20-inch ethane pipeline with a throughput capacity of approximately 180 MBbls/d, delivering from Lone Star’s Mont Belvieu, Texas storage and fractionation complex to our marine terminal in Nederland, Texas, as well as a 180 MBbls/d ethane refrigeration facility and 1.2 MMBbls of storage capacity. 
• The Marcus Hook Terminal includes fractionation, terminalling and storage assets, with a capacity of approximately 2 MMBbls of NGL storage capacity in underground caverns, 4 MMBbls of above-ground refrigerated storage, and related commercial agreements. The terminal has a total active refined products storage capacity of approximately 1 MMBbls. The facility can receive NGLs and refined products via marine vessel, pipeline, truck and rail, and can deliver via marine vessel, pipeline and truck. In addition to providing NGL storage and terminalling services to both affiliates and third-party customers, the Marcus Hook Terminal currently serves as an off-take outlet for our Mariner East 1 and Mariner East 2 pipeline systems.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart and neuromodulation products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Arrhythmias & Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation and Structural Heart divisions are aggregated and reported as the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation segment. 
Abbott's underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment's assets. 
The following segment information has been prepared in accordance with the internal accounting policies of Abbott, as described above, and are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied to the consolidated financial statements.
