MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Applying the definition of “Organic Net Revenue”, the adjustments made to “net revenues” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that Organic Net Revenue reflects the underlying growth from the ongoing activities of our business and provides improved comparability of results. We also evaluate our Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging markets and developed markets, and these underlying measures are also reconciled to U.S. GAAP below. 
Applying the definition of “Adjusted Operating Income”, the adjustments made to “operating income” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the Simplify to Grow Program; intangible asset impairment charges; mark-to-market impacts from commodity, forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivative contracts; acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments; inventory step-up charges; acquisition related costs; divestiture-related costs; operating income from divestitures; net gain on an acquisition and divestitures; 2017 malware incident net recoveries; impact from the European Commission legal matter; incremental costs due to the war in Ukraine; costs associated with JDE Peet's transaction; the remeasurement of net monetary position; impact from pension participation changes; and impact from resolution of tax matters. We also evaluate Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis. We believe these measures provide improved comparability of underlying operating results. 
 For the Years Ended December 31,   2022 2021 $ Change % Change   (in millions)   Operating Income $ 3,534   $ 4,653   $ (1,119) (24.0) % Simplify to Grow Program (1)

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Ultimately, the extent to which our business will be impacted by recent market developments depends on the factors described above as well as future developments beyond our control, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. In response to these market events and uncertainties, we reduced 2020 growth capital spending, and we expect to continue to a lower level of growth capital spending going forward. See “Liquidity and Capital Resources” below for additional information on our forecasted capital expenditures. In 2020, we also reduced operating expenses, and we expect that our operating expenses going forward will continue to be lower relative to pre-2020 levels. While current market volatility makes the near-term unpredictable, we believe that overall the long-term demand for our services will continue given the essential nature of the midstream natural gas, NGLs, refined products and crude oil businesses, although we cannot predict any possible changes in such demand with reasonable certainty. 
We currently have ample liquidity to fund our business and we do not anticipate any liquidity concerns in the immediate future (see “Liquidity and Capital Resources” below). In addition, while the trading price of ET common units declined significantly during the first nine months of 2020, thereby making equity capital market transactions less attractive in the near term, we continue to have access to the debt capital markets on generally favorable terms. In the event we seek additional equity or debt capital, our blended cost of capital for equity and debt is expected to be modestly higher in the near term; however, we will continue to evaluate growth projects and acquisitions as such opportunities may be identified in the future in light of this higher cost of capital. 
In addition to the trends and outlook discussed above with respect to the Partnership’s existing business and finances, we also anticipate that the Partnership will continue to increase its focus on the development of alternative energy projects aimed at continuing to reduce its environmental footprint throughout its operations. In February 2021, the Partnership announced the creation of a new group focused on these efforts. The Partnership also recently announced its first-ever dedicated solar power contract, which will reduce the Partnership’s environmental footprint by integrating alternative energy sources when economically beneficial.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, which offers proactive monitoring and instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self service offerings. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.
