ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Through our midstream segment, we own and operate natural gas gathering and NGL pipelines, natural gas processing plants, natural gas treating facilities and natural gas conditioning facilities with an aggregate processing capacity of approximately 8.8 Bcf/d . Our midstream segment focuses on the gathering, compression, treating, blending, and processing, and our operations are currently concentrated in major producing basins and shales in South Texas, West Texas, New Mexico, North Texas, East Texas, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, Kansas and Louisiana. Many of our midstream assets are integrated with our intrastate transportation and storage assets. 
Our midstream segment also includes a 60% interest in Edwards Lime Gathering, LLC, which operates natural gas gathering, oil pipeline and oil stabilization facilities in South Texas and a 75% membership interest in ORS, which operates a natural gas gathering system in the Utica shale in Ohio. 
Our midstream segment results are derived primarily from margins we earn for natural gas volumes that are gathered, transported, purchased and sold through our pipeline systems and the natural gas and NGL volumes processed at our processing and treating facilities.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company has various incentive plans under which PRSUs, RSUs, stock options and SARs have been issued. As of December 31, 2020, the Company has reserved a total of 96 million shares of its Series A and Series C common stock for future exercises, vestings and grants of stock options, stock-settled SARs, PRSUs and RSUs. Upon exercise or vesting of stock awards, the Company issues new shares from its existing authorized but unissued shares. There were 58 million shares of common stock in reserves that were available for future issuance under the incentive plans as of December 31, 2020. 
Liability-classified share-based compensation awards include certain PRSUs and SARs. The Company recorded total liabilities for cash-settled and other liability-classified share-based compensation awards of $ 55 million and $ 93 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The current portion of the liability for cash-settled and other liability-classified awards was $ 37 million and $ 47 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
The Company has granted PRSUs to certain senior level executives. PRSUs represent the contingent right to receive shares of the Company’s Series A or C common stock, substantially all of which vest over three to four years based on continuous service and whether the Company achieves certain operating performance targets. The performance targets for substantially all PRSUs are cumulative measures of the Company’s adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization (as defined in Note 23), free cash flows and revenues over a three-year period. The number of PRSUs that vest principally range from 0 % to 100 % based on a sliding scale where achieving or exceeding the performance target will result in 100 % of the PRSUs vesting and achieving less than 80 % of the target will result in no portion of the PRSUs vesting. Additionally, for certain PRSUs, the Company’s Compensation Committee has discretion in determining the final amount of units that vest, but may not increase the amount of any PRSU award above 100 %. Upon vesting, each PRSU becomes convertible into one share of the Company’s Series A or Series C common stock as applicable. Holders of PRSUs do not receive payments of dividends in the event the Company pays a cash dividend until such PRSUs are converted into shares of the Company’s common stock.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our real property holdings fall into two basic categories: (i) parcels that we and our unconsolidated affiliates own in fee (e.g., we own the land upon which our Mont Belvieu complex is constructed) and (ii) parcels in which our interests and those of our unconsolidated affiliates are derived from leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits or licenses from landowners or governmental authorities permitting the use of such land for our operations. The fee sites upon which our significant facilities are located have been owned by us or our predecessors in title for many years without any material challenge known to us relating to title to the land upon which the assets are located, and we believe that we have satisfactory title to such fee sites. We and our affiliates have no knowledge of any material challenge to the underlying fee title of any material lease, easement, right-of-way, permit or license held by us or to our rights pursuant to any material lease, easement, right-of-way, permit or license, and we believe that we have satisfactory rights pursuant to all of our material leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits and licenses.
As a publicly traded partnership, we electronically file certain documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). We file annual reports on Form 10-K; quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and current reports on Form 8-K (as appropriate); along with any related amendments and supplements thereto. Occasionally, we may also file registration statements and related documents in connection with equity or debt offerings. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC.
We provide free electronic access to our periodic and current reports on our website, www.enterpriseproducts.com . These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish such materials to, the SEC. You may also contact our Investor Relations department at (866) 230-0745 for paper copies of these reports free of charge. The information found on our website is not incorporated into this annual report.
