BOEING CO report:
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 and Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, require disclosure of certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran that occurred during the period covered by this report. Disclosure is required even if the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. In connection with the U.S. withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (Iran Nuclear Agreement), we engaged in activities during the third quarter that were required to unwind and terminate all agreements with Iranian airlines entered into prior to the withdrawal. These activities were authorized by a license from the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), and generated no revenues or profits. In addition, during the fourth quarter Iran Aseman Airlines requested Boeing support, and we replied that the current laws of the United States do not permit Boeing to provide any services, parts, or aircraft without a license from OFAC. 
Substantially all contracts at BDS, certain military derivative aircraft contracts at BCA and certain contracts at BGS are long-term contracts. Our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services and the significant service of integration that we provide. 
Accounting for long-term contracts involves a judgmental process of estimating the total sales, costs, and profit for each performance obligation. Cost of sales is recognized as incurred and revenue is determined by adding a proportionate amount of the estimated profit to the amount reported as cost of sales.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Run-off Property-Liability includes property and casualty insurance coverage that primarily relates to policies written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s. Our exposure to asbestos, environmental and other run-off lines claims arises principally from direct excess commercial insurance, assumed reinsurance coverage, direct primary commercial insurance and other businesses in run-off. 
Protection Services comprise Allstate Protection Plans, Allstate Dealer Services, Allstate Roadside, Arity and Allstate Identity Protection. Protection Services offer consumer product protection plans, finance and insurance products (including vehicle service contracts, guaranteed asset protection waivers, road hazard tire and wheel and paintless dent repair protection), roadside assistance, device and mobile data collection services and analytic solutions using automotive telematics information and identity protection. Protection Services primarily operate in the U.S. and Canada, with Allstate Protection Plans also offering services in Europe, Australia and Asia. Revenues from external customers generated outside the United States relate to consumer product protection plans sold primarily in the European Union and were $ 232 million, $ 188 million and $ 95 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
Allstate Health and Benefits offers employer voluntary benefits, group health and individual health products, including life, accident, critical illness, hospital, short-term disability and other health products. Allstate Health and Benefits primarily operates in the U.S. (all 50 states and D.C.) and Canada. For 2021, the top geographic locations for statutory direct accident and health insurance premiums were Florida, Texas, Georgia, Ohio and North Carolina. No other jurisdiction accounted for more than 5 % of statutory direct accident and health insurance premiums. Revenues from external customers generated outside the United States relate to voluntary accident and health insurance sold in Canada and were not material.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Additionally, price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital, such as inventories, accounts receivable and borrowings over the course of a given year. For example, increased availability of commodities at harvest times often causes fluctuations in our inventories and borrowings. Increases in agricultural commodity prices will also generally cause our cash flow requirements to increase as our operations require increased use of cash to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to hedge our physical inventories. 
In Edible Oil Products and Milling Products segments, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials, such as crude vegetable oils and grains, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita income, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions and the general competitive environment in our markets. Raw material inputs to our production processes in the Edible Oil Products and Milling Products segments are largely sourced at 
market prices from our Agribusiness segment. Reported volumes in these segments reflect third-party sales of our finished products and, as such, include the sales of products derived from raw materials sourced from the Agribusiness segment as well as from third-parties. The unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
