ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our NGL pipelines, storage and terminal assets during 2019 increased $353.9 million when compared to 2018. Shin Oak contributed $112.0 million of gross operating margin in 2019 on year-to-date transportation volumes of (i) 107 MBPD of direct tariff movements (net to our interest) and (ii) 129 MBPD of offload volumes from an affiliate pipeline. Gross operating margin from our Mont Belvieu storage facility increased $106.4 million year-to-year primarily due to higher throughput and handling fees, which accounted for an $81.0 million increase, and higher storage fees, which accounted for an additional $24.3 million increase.
Gross operating margin from LPG-related activities at EHT increased $41.0 million year-to-year primarily due to higher net export volumes of 45 MBPD, which accounted for a $33.2 million increase, and lower operating costs, which accounted for an additional $7.8 million increase. Gross operating margin from our Houston Ship Channel Pipeline System increased $ 10.6 million year-to-year primarily due to higher transportation volumes, which accounted for $7.0 million of the increase, and higher average transportation fees, which accounted for an additional $5.0 million increase. Transportation volumes on our Houston Ship Channel Pipeline System increased 44 MBPD primarily due to the LPG expansion at EHT that was completed during the third quarter of 2019. 
Gross operating margin from our Aegis Pipeline increased $40.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher transportation volumes of 72 MBPD. Gross operating margin from our Dixie Pipeline and related terminals increased a combined $24.7 million year-to-year primarily due to higher transportation volumes of 23 MBPD, which accounted for an $11.5 million increase, and lower operating costs, which accounted for an additional $10.5 million increase.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Financial information with respect to our business segments, the geographic areas of our business and our customers is provided below and within Note 13. Business Segments, Geographic Information and Major Customers. 
We provide global aviation fuel supply and comprehensive service solutions to major commercial airlines, second and third-tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low-cost carriers, airports, fixed-based operators, corporate fleets, charter and fractional operators and private aircraft. Our aviation-related service offerings include fuel management, price risk management, ground handling, 24/7 global dispatch services, and trip planning services, including flight planning and scheduling, weather reports and overflight permits. We also supply fuel and provide services to U.S. 
and foreign government and military customers, such as the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency and North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") (collectively, "government customers"). In addition, we offer a growing suite of payment solutions and related processing services and technology, and we have developed and operate a web-based marketplace platform that facilitates aircraft charter arrangements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(10) Refer to Note 12, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and Note 17, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information. 
Net Revenues – Net revenues increased $713 million (2.8%) to $26,581 million in 2020, and Organic Net Revenue increased $960 million (3.7%) to $26,773 million. Developed markets net revenue increased 8.0% and developed 
markets Organic Net Revenue increased 4.5%. Emerging markets net revenues decreased 6.0%, including an unfavorable currency impact, and emerging markets Organic Net Revenue increased 2.3%. The underlying changes in net revenues and Organic Net Revenue are detailed below:
