BOEING CO report:
Other income, net increased by $346 million in 2019 primarily due to higher non-operating pension income. Other income, net decreased by $31 million in 2018 primarily due to lower gains from foreign exchange, partially offset by higher interest income. 
The non-operating pension income included in Other income, net was $374 million in 2019 , $143 million in 2018 , and $117 million in 2017 . The increased income in 2019 compared to 2018 was due to lower amortization of actuarial losses, partially offset by decreases in expected return on assets and increases in interest cost. The increase in 2018 compared to 2017 was due to decreases in interest cost and increases in estimated return on assets, partially offset by higher amortization of actuarial losses. 
Cost of sales, for both products and services, consists primarily of raw materials, parts, sub-assemblies, labor, overhead and subcontracting costs. Our BCA segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales. Under program accounting, cost of sales for each commercial airplane program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. For long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. Substantially all contracts at our BDS segment and certain contracts at our BGS segment are long-term contracts with the U.S. government and other customers that generally extend over several years. Costs on these contracts are recorded as incurred. Cost of sales for commercial spare parts is recorded at average cost.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that brings companies and customers together. With our Customer 360 platform we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to help companies sell, service, market and conduct commerce, from anywhere. Since our founding in 1999, we have pioneered innovations in cloud, mobile, social, analytics and artificial intelligence (“AI”), enabling companies of every size and industry to transform their businesses in the all-digital, work-from-anywhere era. 
In December 2019, the novel coronavirus and resulting disease (“COVID-19”) was first reported. After ongoing assessment of the rapid spread, number of cases and countries affected, on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant global economic uncertainty, adversely impacted the business of our customers and partners, impacted our business and results of operations and could further impact our results of operations and our cash flows in the future. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been guided by our core values of trust, customer success, innovation and equality. Beginning in the first fiscal quarter and through the remainder of fiscal 2021, we took actions in response to the pandemic that focused on maintaining business continuity, supporting our employees, helping our customers and communities and preparing for the future and the long-term success of our business.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Networks. We offer a robust portfolio of network connectivity products to help our enterprise and business customers connect with their employees, partners, vendors, customers and, for our government customers, their constituents. 
Internet. We offer our enterprise and business customers the ability to connect to the Internet via our Fios Internet and our dedicated Internet access services, which provide extensive bandwidth, configuration and billing options designed to address specific business needs. 
Private Networks. Our private networking services connect multiple business locations securely through our Private IP and Ethernet services, generally via fiber-optic based connectivity. Point to point connectivity via Ethernet or Wavelength is also available.
