SALESFORCE INC report:
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options, restricted stock units, warrants and the convertible senior notes. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards and convertible securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. 
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted earnings per share does not include the effect of the following potential outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions): 
As of January 31, 2019 , the Company had a total of $92 million  in letters of credit outstanding substantially in favor of certain landlords for office space. These letters of credit renew annually and expire at various dates through December 2030.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We complete periodic evaluations of demographic information and historical experience that affects our pension and other postretirement obligations to identify any required changes to long-term actuarial assumptions and methodologies. Demographic assumptions affect both our pension and postretirement plans and include elements such as retirement rates and participation rates in our postretirement programs, among other factors. 
These actuarial assumption updates affect our pension and other postretirement obligations and are incorporated into our best estimates of these assumptions. Remeasurement gains for other assumptions in 2022 primarily related to an increase in the long-term lump sum interest rate. 
($ in millions) Basis/percentage point change Increase (decrease) to net cost, pre-tax Pension plans discount rate +100 basis points $ (404) -100 basis points 485 Expected long-term rate of return on assets +100 basis points (42) -100 basis points 42

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Wireline segment provides communications products and enhanced services, including video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services and local and long distance voice services. We provide these products and services to consumers in the U.S., as well as to carriers, businesses and government customers both in the U.S. and around the world.  In 2018 , Wireline revenues were $29.8 billion , representing approximately 23%  of Verizon’s aggregate revenues. 
To compensate for the shrinking market for traditional copper-based products (such as voice services), we continue to build our Wireline business around a fiber-based network supporting data, video and advanced business services - areas where demand for reliable high-speed connections is growing. We continue to seek ways to increase revenue, further realize operating and capital efficiencies and maximize profitability across the segment. We are reinventing our network architecture around a common fiber platform that will support both our wireless and wireline businesses. We expect our "multi-use fiber" Intelligent Edge Network initiative will create opportunities to generate revenue from fiber-based services in our Wireline business.   
Consumer Markets provides residential fixed connectivity solutions, including Internet, TV and voice services. We provide these services over our 100% fiber-optic network under the brand "Fios" and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. In 2018 , Consumer Markets revenues were $12.6 billion , representing approximately 42%  of Wireline’s aggregate revenues.
