BOEING CO report:
Contributions Required pension contributions under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ( ERISA ), as well as rules governing funding of our non-US pension plans, are not expected to be significant in 2019 . We do not expect to make contributions to our pension plans in 2019 . 
Estimated Future Benefit Payments The table below reflects the total pension benefits expected to be paid from the plans or from our assets, including both our share of the benefit cost and the participants’ share of the cost, which is funded by participant contributions. OPB payments reflect our portion only. 
Certain of the pension plans provide that, in the event there is a change in control of the Company which is not approved by the Board of Directors and the plans are terminated within five years thereafter, the assets in the plan first will be used to provide the level of retirement benefits required by ERISA , and then any surplus will be used to fund a trust to continue present and future payments under the postretirement medical and life insurance benefits in our group insurance benefit programs.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. Both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. On a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the U.S. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. As a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. Subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
Additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. These amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as 
We primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. Intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. In contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses).

ALLSTATE CORP report:
On June 10, 2019, the Company issued $ 500 million of 3.850 % Senior Notes due 2049. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 10 and August 10 of each year, beginning on February 10, 2020. The Senior Notes are redeemable at any time at the applicable redemption price prior to 
The Subordinated Debentures may be redeemed (i) in whole at any time or in part from time to time on or after January 15, 2023 for the 5.100 % Subordinated Debentures and August 15, 2023 for the 5.750 % Subordinated Debentures at their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption; provided that if the Subordinated Debentures are not redeemed in whole, at least $ 25 million aggregate principal amount must remain outstanding, or (ii) in whole, but not in part, prior to January 15, 2023 for the 5.100 % Subordinated Debentures and August 15, 2023 for the 5.750 % Subordinated Debentures, within 90 days after the occurrence of certain tax and rating agency events, at their principal amount or, if greater, a make-whole redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The 5.750 % Subordinated Debentures have this make-whole redemption price provision only when a reduction of equity credit assigned by a rating agency has occurred. 
Interest on the 5.100 % Subordinated Debentures is payable quarterly at the stated fixed annual rate to January 14, 2023, or any earlier redemption date, and then at an annual rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 3.165 % . Interest on the 5.750 % Subordinated Debentures is payable semi-annually at the stated fixed annual rate to August 14, 2023, or any earlier redemption date, and then quarterly at an annual rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 2.938 % . The Company may elect to defer payment of interest on the Subordinated Debentures for one or more consecutive interest periods that do not exceed five years . During a deferral period, interest will continue to accrue on the Subordinated Debentures at the then-applicable rate and deferred interest will compound on each interest payment date. If all deferred interest on the Subordinated Debentures is paid, the Company can again defer interest payments.
