MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net Revenues – Net revenues increased $42 million ( 0.2% ) to $25,938 million in 2018 , and Organic Net Revenue (1) increased $603 million ( 2.4% ) to $26,229 million . Power Brands net revenues increased 2.0% , including an unfavorable currency impact, and Power Brands Organic Net Revenue increased 3.2% . Emerging markets net revenues decreased 0.5% , including an unfavorable currency impact, and emerging markets Organic Net Revenue increased 5.7% . The underlying changes in net revenues and Organic Net Revenue are detailed below: 
Net revenue increase of 0.2% was driven by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 2.4% and the impact of an acquisition, mostly offset by unfavorable currency and the impact of divestitures. Our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Net pricing was up, which includes the benefit of carryover pricing from 2017 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2018. Higher net pricing was reflected in Latin America, AMEA and North America, partially offset by lower net pricing in Europe. Favorable volume/mix was reflected in Europe and AMEA, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in Latin America and North America. The June 7, 2018 acquisition of a U.S. premium biscuit company, Tate’s Bake Shop, added net revenues of $52 million in 2018. Unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $343 million, due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several other currencies, including the Argentinean peso, Brazilian real, Russian ruble, Indian rupee and Turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, British pound sterling and Chinese yuan. The impact of divestitures that occurred in 2017 resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $270 million. Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for more information. 
Operating Income – Operating income decreased $150 million ( 4.3% ) to $3,312 million in 2018, Adjusted Operating Income (1)   increased $202 million ( 4.9% ) to $4,321 million and Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis (1) increased $257 million ( 6.2% ) to $4,376 million due to the following:

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Bayou Bridge Pipeline. The Bayou Bridge Pipeline is a joint venture between ETO and Phillips 66, in which ETO has a 60% ownership interest and serves as the operator of the pipeline. Phase I of the pipeline, which consists of a 30-inch pipeline from Nederland, Texas to Lake Charles, Louisiana, went into service in April 2016. Phase II of the pipeline, which will consist of 24-inch pipe from Lake Charles, Louisiana to St. James, Louisiana, with commercial operations expected to begin in March 2019. 
When completed the Bayou Bridge Pipeline will have a capacity expandable to approximately 480  MBbls/d of light and heavy crude oil from different sources to the St. James crude oil hub, which is home to important refineries located in the Gulf Coast region. 
Permian Express Pipelines.  The Permian Express pipelines are part of the PEP joint venture and include Permian Express 1, Permian Express 2, Permian Express 3, which became fully operational in September 2018, Permian Longview and Louisiana Access pipelines, as well as the Longview to Louisiana and Nederland Access pipelines contributed to this joint venture by ExxonMobil. These pipelines are comprised of crude oil trunk pipelines and crude oil gathering pipelines in Texas and Oklahoma and provide takeaway capacity from the Permian Basin, which origins in multiple locations in Western Texas.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Third parties may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property from time to time, and the success of any such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of intellectual property rights. Irrespective of their validity, such claims may also result in substantial costs and diversion of resources which could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
Our businesses are subject to and affected by regulations of U.S. federal, state and local government authorities, and our international operations are subject to laws and regulations of the countries and international bodies, such as the E.U., in which we operate. Content networks, such as those owned by us, are regulated in certain limited respects by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”), including some regulations that only apply to content networks affiliated with a cable television operator. Other FCC regulations, although imposed on cable television operators and direct broadcast satellite (“DBS”) operators and other distributors, affect content networks indirectly. The rules, regulations, policies and procedures affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change. These descriptions are summary in nature and describe only the most significant regulations we face; they do not purport to describe all present and proposed laws and regulations affecting our businesses. 
The Communications Act (the “Act”) and the FCC’s program access rules prevent a satellite-delivered content vendor in which a cable operator has an “attributable” ownership interest from discriminating against unaffiliated multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”), such as cable and DBS operators, in the rates, terms and conditions for the sale or delivery of content networks, on the basis of the non-affiliation. These rules permit the unaffiliated MVPD to initiate a complaint to the FCC against content networks if it believes this rule has been violated.
