ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
While the aggregate cost to complete the numerous projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon Abbott’s ability to successfully finish each project, the rate at which each project advances, and the ultimate timing for completion. Given the potential for significant delays and the risk of failure inherent in the development of medical device, diagnostic and pharmaceutical products and technologies, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all projects currently in development. Abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending that will be competitive in each of the businesses in which it participates, and such spending is targeted at approximately 7 percent of total Abbott sales in 2022. Abbott does not regularly accumulate or make management decisions based on the total expenses incurred for a particular development phase in a given period.
At December 31, 2021, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $23.2 billion. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. The results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value.
Net cash from operating activities amounted to $10.5 billion, $7.9 billion and $6.1 billion in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2021 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings and improved working capital management partially offset by higher cash taxes paid and the net impact of litigation settlements. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2020 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings, lower payments related to interest, integration expenses, and restructuring actions, and the proceeds from a litigation settlement partially offset by an increased investment in working capital and higher income tax payments.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
Strategic Investments. Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. 
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and require the use of judgment. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying value is adjusted for our privately held equity securities if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of our strategic investments in privately held companies, we utilize the most recent data available. The determination of whether an orderly transaction is for a same or similar investment requires significant management judgment including the nature of rights and obligations of the investments, the extent to which differences in those rights and obligations would affect the fair values of those investments, and the impact of any differences based on the stage of operational development of the investee.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Use of Estimates —The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). This requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
Accounts Receivable  —Accounts receivable represent amounts due from customers in the ordinary course of business and are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Receivables are presented net of the allowance for doubtful accounts in the Company's accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company evaluates the collectability of its accounts receivable and determines the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts based on a combination of factors. When the Company determines that a loss is probable, a specific allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded, reducing the receivable to the net amount we reasonably expect to collect. In addition, allowances are recorded for all other receivables based on historic collection trends, write-offs and the aging of receivables. The Company uses specific criteria to determine uncollectible receivables to be written off, including bankruptcy, accounts referred to outside parties for collection, and accounts past due over specified periods. 
Vendor Consideration and Receivables —The Company participates in various rebate and promotional incentives with its suppliers, primarily through purchase-based programs. Consideration earned is estimated during the year as the Company’s obligations under the programs are fulfilled, which is primarily when products are purchased. Changes in the estimated amount of incentives earned are recognized in the period of change.
