ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Acadian Gas System transports, stores and markets natural gas in Louisiana. The Acadian Gas System is comprised of the 582-mile Cypress pipeline, 424-mile Acadian pipeline, 275-mile Haynesville Extension pipeline and 26-mile Enterprise Pelican pipeline. The Acadian Gas System links natural gas supplies from Louisiana (e.g., from the Haynesville Shale supply basin) and offshore Gulf of Mexico developments with local gas distribution companies, electric utility plants and industrial customers located primarily in the Baton Rouge/New Orleans/Mississippi River corridor.
In September 2019, we announced plans to expand and extend our Acadian Gas System in order to deliver natural gas production from the Haynesville Shale to the liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) market in South Louisiana. The expansion project will include construction of an approximately 80-mile natural gas pipeline (the “Gillis Lateral”) extending from near Cheneyville, Louisiana to third-party pipeline interconnects near Gillis, Louisiana, including multiple pipelines serving regional LNG export facilities. According to the FERC, the LNG market in South Louisiana and Southeast Texas includes facilities, including those under construction, featuring an aggregate 18 Bcf/d of export capacity. The Gillis Lateral is expected to have a transportation capacity of approximately 1 Bcf/d. In addition to construction of the Gillis Lateral, we plan to increase the transportation capacity of the Haynesville Extension from 1.8 Bcf/d to 2.1 Bcf/d by adding horsepower at our compressor station in Mansfield, Louisiana (the “Mansfield Project”).
The Mansfield Project and construction of the Gillis Lateral are supported by long-term customer contracts and are expected to begin service in the fourth quarter of 2021. Once the expansion project is completed, we expect that our Acadian Gas System will be able to deliver up to 2.1 Bcf/d of Haynesville Shale production into the LNG market, South Louisiana industrial complex and other pipeline interconnects that serve attractive southeastern U.S. markets.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
All common stock repurchases, including prepaid common stock repurchase contracts, were made through open market transactions in 2019. As of December 31, 2019 and over the life of the program, the Company had repurchased 3 million and 187 million shares of Series A and Series C common stock, respectively, for the aggregate purchase price of $ 171 million and $ 7.2 billion , respectively. 
There were no convertible preferred stock repurchases during 2019 or 2018 . As of December 31, 2019 , the Company had repurchased 0.2 million shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock for $ 102 million . 
The Company has a controlling interest in the TV Food Network Partnership (the "Partnership"), which includes the Food Network and Cooking Channel. Food Network and Cooking Channel are operated and organized under the terms of the Partnership. The Company holds 80 % of the voting interest and 68.7 % of the economic interest in the Partnership. If the term of the Partnership is not extended prior to the dissolution date of December 31, 2020 , the Partnership agreement permits the Company, as holder of 80 % of the applicable votes, to reconstitute the Partnership and continue its business. If for some reason the Partnership is not continued, it will be required to limit its activities to winding up, settling debts, liquidating assets and distributing proceeds to the partners in proportion to their partnership interests. Ownership interests attributable to the noncontrolling owner are presented as noncontrolling interests on the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under the terms of the Partnership agreement, the noncontrolling owner cannot force a redemption outside of the Company's control. As such, the noncontrolling interests in the Partnership are reflected as a component of permanent equity in the Company's consolidated financial statements.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and Other International operating segments (see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report). Certain operations in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery. 
In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars. This impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's currency exchange rates. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's average price per gallon sold. Results expressed excluding the impacts of foreign exchange and gasoline prices should be reviewed in conjunction with results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2023 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2023. References to 2022 and 2021 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 28, 2022, and August 29, 2021. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco.
