ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
On a weighted-average basis, overall utilization rates for our natural gas pipelines were approximately 57.2%, 60.0% and 58.3% during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. These utilization rates represent actual natural gas volumes delivered as a percentage of our nominal delivery capacity and do not reflect firm capacity reservation agreements where capacity fees are earned whether or not the shipper actually utilizes such capacity.
We operate our natural gas pipelines and storage facilities with the exception of the White River Hub, Old Ocean Pipeline and certain segments of the Texas Intrastate System. The following information describes our principal natural gas pipelines:
 • The Texas Intrastate System is comprised of the 6,276-mile Enterprise Texas pipeline system and the 617-mile Channel pipeline system. The Texas Intrastate System gathers, transports and stores natural gas from supply basins in Texas including the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford and Barnett Shales for delivery to local gas distribution companies, electric utility plants and industrial and municipal consumers. The system is also connected to regional natural gas processing facilities and other intrastate and interstate pipelines. The Texas Intrastate System serves a number of commercial markets in Texas, including Corpus Christi, San Antonio/Austin, Beaumont/Orange and Houston, including the Houston Ship Channel industrial market.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Accelerate consumer-centric growth. Our consumers are the reason we want to be the best snacking company in the world, and we put them at the heart of everything we do. With our consumers in mind, we are focused on accelerating growth by investing in both our global and local brands. We are working to implement innovative ideas and programs, drive growth in new channels, and build and develop new and existing partnerships that serve our consumers. As demands on consumers’ time increase and consumer eating habits evolve, we aim to meet consumers' snacking needs. We plan to test, learn and scale new product offerings quickly to meet diverse and evolving local and global snacking demand. 
• Drive operational excellence. Our operational excellence and continuous improvement plans include a special focus on the consumer-facing areas of our business and optimizing our sales, marketing and customer service efforts. To drive productivity gains and cost improvements across our business, we also 
plan to continue leveraging our global shared services platform, driving greater efficiencies in our supply chain and applying strong cost discipline across our operations. We expect the improvements and efficiencies we drive will fuel our growth and continue to expand profit dollars. At the same time, we are continuing our efforts to sustainably source key ingredients, reduce our end-to-end environmental impact and innovate our processes and packaging to reduce waste and promote recycling.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
At World Fuel Services, we believe that our people's passion and expertise are what differentiates us and investing in our people is a top priority. Our comprehensive approach to serving our workforce includes our commitment to promoting a diverse and inclusive environment, as well as focusing on our employees' growth and development, health and safety, and overall well-being. The following charts provide information about our global workforce as of December 31, 2022: 
As a global energy management company, we are committed to doing the right thing in all that we do and we continually seek to protect the health and safety of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers and the communities in which we operate. We are committed to playing a leading role in promoting best practices within the transportation industry and are closely involved in developing, setting, and maintaining health, safety and environment ("HSE") industry standards. We have established a set of "Rules to Live By" to help strengthen our existing Integrated Management System and drive appropriate safety behaviors and practices, which we believe are vital to preventing workplace incidents. These rules are designed to ensure the safety of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers and communities around the world. 
We have developed what we believe to be a comprehensive process designed to identify, assess and manage HSE risks in our operations. We set targets for performance improvements and regularly measure, audit and report on our performance both internally and in accordance with applicable laws. We also expect our contractors to manage HSE matters in line with our policies and strive to maintain an open dialogue with our stakeholders to better align our policies with the priorities within the communities where we operate.
