BOEING CO report:
Non-U.S. Defense Environment Overview The non-U.S. market continues to be driven by complex and evolving security challenges and the need to modernize aging equipment and inventories. BDS expects that it will continue to have a wide range of opportunities across Asia, Europe and the Middle East given the diverse regional threats. At the end of 2021, 33% of BDS backlog was attributable to non-U.S. customers. 
Since our operating cycle is long-term and involves many different types of development and production contracts with varying delivery and milestone schedules, the operating results of a particular period may not be indicative of future operating results. In addition, depending on the customer and their funding sources, our orders might be structured as annual follow-on contracts, or as one large multi-year order or long-term award. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of future workloads. The following discussions of comparative results among periods should be viewed in this context. 
BDS revenues in 2021 increased by $283 million compared with 2020 primarily due to higher revenue on the KC-46A Tanker program due to new orders for 27 aircraft received during the first quarter of 2021 and lower charges in 2021. This was partially offset by lower revenues on rotorcraft programs, Commercial Crew and VC-25B. Cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2021 were $56 million less unfavorable than the prior year, largely due to the lower charges described below.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.109592 was applied to convert ClickSoftware's outstanding equity awards for ClickSoftware's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company's common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of ClickSoftware's field service management technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with ClickSoftware customers.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Total Accounts receivable $ 13,374   $ 5,140   $ 6,818   $ 25,332   Less Allowance for credit losses 445   143   238   826   Accounts receivable, net of allowance $ 12,929   $ 4,997   $ 6,580   $ 24,506   
Included in Other assets and Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2022 are net device payment plan agreement receivables and net wireless service receivables of $ 23.6 billion, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be 
reported in our consolidated balance sheet. Included in Other assets and Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2021, are net device payment plan agreement receivables of $ 16.0 billion, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our consolidated balance sheet. See Note 7 for additional information. We believe the carrying value of these receivables approximate their fair value using a Level 3 expected cash flow model.
