WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• Studios - Our Studios segment primarily consists of the production and release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, production and initial licensing of television programs to third parties and our networks/DTC services, distribution of our films and television programs to various third party and internal television and streaming services, distribution through the home entertainment market (physical and digital), related consumer products and themed experience licensing, and interactive gaming. 
Our segment presentation aligns with our management structure and the financial information management uses to make decisions about operating matters, such as the allocation of resources and business performance assessments. Prior periods have been recast to conform to the current period presentation. Financial information for our segments and the geographical areas in which we do business is set forth in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
WBD’s Studios business includes the Warner Bros. Pictures Group (“WBPG”), DC Studios, Warner Bros. Television Group (“WBTVG”), Global Brands and Experiences (“GBE”) (consumer products, themed entertainment, brand licensing, and publisher DC Comics), content licensing, home entertainment, studio operations, and interactive gaming.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
A number of external factors such as weather conditions, commodity market conditions, currency fluctuations and the effects of governmental agricultural or other programs affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We use hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. 
While the costs of our principal raw materials fluctuate, we believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available from numerous sources. For additional information on our commodity costs, refer to the Commodity Trends section within Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
We own numerous trademarks and patents in many countries around the world. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are for renewable, fixed terms. We also have patents for a number of current and potential products. Our patents cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We have long-term product purchase commitments for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, and petrochemicals and refined products with third party suppliers. The prices that we are obligated to pay under these contracts approximate market prices at the time we take delivery of the volumes. The preceding table presents our estimated future payment obligations under these contracts based on the contractual price in each agreement at December 31, 2021 applied to all future volume commitments. Actual future payment obligations may vary depending on prices at the time of delivery. 
On January 6 , 2022, we announced that the Board declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.465   per common unit, or $1.86 per unit on an annualized basis, to be paid to the Partnership’s common unitholders with respect to the fourth quarter of 2021. The quarterly distribution was paid on February 11 , 2022 to unitholders of record as of the close of business on January 31 , 2022 . The total amount paid was $1.02 billion, which includes $8.0 million for distribution equivalent rights on phantom unit awards. 
The payment of quarterly cash distributions is subject to management’s evaluation of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in connection with such payments and Board approval. In light of current economic conditions, management will evaluate any future increases in cash distributions on a quarterly basis.
