ALLSTATE CORP report:
Texas Windstorm Insurance Association The Company participates as a member of the Texas Windstorm Insurance Association (“TWIA”), which provides wind and hail property coverage to coastal risks unable to procure coverage in the voluntary market. Wind and hail coverage is written on a TWIA-issued policy. TWIA follows a funding structure first utilizing currently available funds set aside from current and prior years. Under the current law, to the extent losses exceed premiums received from policyholders, TWIA utilizes a combination of reinsurance, TWIA issued securities, as well as member and policyholder assessments to fund loss payments. 
Texas Fair Plan Association The Company participates as a member of the Texas Fair Plan Association (“FAIR Plan”), which provides residential property insurance to inland areas designated as underserved by the Commissioner of Insurance and the applicant(s) are unable to procure coverage in the private market. The FAIR Plan issues insurance policies, like an insurance company, and it also functions as a pooling mechanism that allocates premiums, claims and expenses back to the insurance industry. Insurers are permitted to recover the assessment through either a premium surcharge applied to existing customers over a three-year period or increased rates, but the ability to fully recover the assessment may be impacted by market conditions or other factors. 
North Carolina Joint Underwriters Association The North Carolina Joint Underwriters Association (“NCJUA”) was created to provide property insurance for properties (other than the state’s beach and coastal areas) that private insurers are not otherwise willing to

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In April 2017, we exercised our option to buy NextLink for approximately   $0.5 billion , subject to certain adjustments, of which   $0.3 billion   was prepaid in the first quarter of 2017. The transaction closed in January 2018. The acquisition of NextLink was accounted for as an asset acquisition, as substantially all of the value related to the acquired spectrum. Upon closing, we recorded approximately $0.7 billion   of wireless licenses, $0.1 billion   of a deferred tax liability and   $0.1 billion   of other liabilities. The spectrum acquired as part of the transaction will be used for our 5G technology deployment . 
In August 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to purchase certain fiber-optic network assets in the Chicago market from   WideOpenWest, Inc. ( WOW! ) , a leading provider of communications services. The transaction closed in December 2017. In addition, the parties entered into a separate agreement pursuant to which WOW! will complete the build-out of the network assets in 2019. The total cash consideration for the transactions is approximately   $0.3 billion , of which   $0.2 billion   was received in December 2017. 
Additional information regarding these strategic transactions is included in the 2018  Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding and strengthening our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers wherever they are in their digital transformation journeys, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. Partners extend the power of our solutions to businesses of all size and industries. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries, offer a variety of solutions natively and through the AppExchange and address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
Promoting strong customer adoption and reducing customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation, as well as customer success programs including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and 
accelerate digital transformation. With these resources and our customer success programs, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions prior to the end of their contractual terms.
