ALLSTATE CORP report:
Impairment of fixed income securities For fixed income securities classified as available-for-sale, the difference between amortized cost, net of credit loss allowance (“amortized cost, net”) and fair value, net of certain other items and deferred income taxes (as disclosed in Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements), is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and is not reflected in the operating results of any period until reclassified to net income upon the consummation of a transaction with an unrelated third party or when a credit loss allowance is recorded. We have a comprehensive portfolio monitoring process to identify and evaluate each fixed income security that may require a credit loss allowance. 
appropriate authority has made the decision to sell or whether it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis for reasons such as liquidity, contractual or regulatory purposes. If a security meets either of these criteria, any existing credit loss allowance would be written-off against the amortized cost basis of the asset along with any remaining unrealized losses, with the incremental losses recorded in earnings. 
If we have not made the decision to sell the fixed income security and it is not more likely than not we will be required to sell the fixed income security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we evaluate whether we expect to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. We calculate the estimated recovery value based on the best estimate of future cash flows considering past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The estimated future cash flows are discounted at the security’s current effective rate, and are compared to the amortized cost of the

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our intangible assets that do not have indefinite lives (primarily customer lists and non-network internal-use software) are amortized over their estimated useful lives. All of our intangible assets subject to amortization and other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If any indications of impairment are present, we would test for recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to the net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the asset group. If those net undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount, we would perform the next step, which is to determine the fair value of the asset and record an impairment, if any. We re-evaluate the useful life determinations for these intangible assets each year to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to their remaining useful lives. 
See Note 4 for information related to the carrying amount of goodwill, wireless licenses and other intangible assets, as well as the major components and average useful lives of our other acquired intangible assets. 
We lease network equipment including towers, distributed antenna systems, small cells, real estate, connectivity mediums which include dark fiber, equipment, and other various types of assets for use in our operations under both operating and finance leases. We assess whether an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at inception. For arrangements considered leases or that contain a lease that is accounted for separately, we determine the classification and initial measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability at the lease commencement date, which is the date that the underlying asset becomes available for use.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In August 2018, we moved to a co-chief executive officer model with the promotion of our vice chairman and chief operating officer, Keith Block. We determined that both co-chief executive officers also serve as chief operating decision makers for the purposes of segment reporting. Despite the change in the chief operating decision maker, we determined no change to segment reporting was necessary as there was no change in the components for which separate financial information is regularly evaluated. 
We derive our revenues from two sources: (1) subscription revenues, which are comprised of subscription fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, "Cloud Services"), software licenses, and from customers paying for additional support beyond the standard support that is included in the basic subscription fees; and (2) related professional services such as process mapping, project management, implementation services and other revenue. “Other revenue” consists primarily of training fees. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 93 percent  of our total revenues for fiscal 2019 . Subscription revenues are driven primarily by the number of paying subscribers, varying service types, and the price of our service and renewals. We define a “customer” as a separate and distinct buying entity (e.g., a company, a distinct business unit of a large corporation, a partnership, etc.) that has entered into a contract to access our enterprise cloud computing services. 
Subscription and support revenues for Cloud Services are recognized ratably over the contract terms beginning on the commencement dates of each contract. Subscription revenues for software licenses are generally recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer. The typical subscription and support term is 12 to 36 months, although terms range from one to 60 months. Our subscription and support contracts are non-cancelable, though customers typically have the right to terminate their contracts for cause if we materially fail to perform.
