WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our content spans genres including survival, natural history, exploration, sports, general entertainment, home, food, travel, heroes, adventure, crime and investigation, health, and kids. Our global portfolio of networks includes prominent nonfiction television brands such as Discovery Channel, our most widely distributed global brand, HGTV, Food Network, TLC, Animal Planet, Investigation Discovery, Travel Channel, Science, and MotorTrend (previously known as Velocity domestically and currently known as Turbo in most international countries). Among other networks in the U.S., Discovery also features two Spanish-language services, Discovery en Español and Discovery Familia. Our international portfolio also includes Eurosport, a leading sports entertainment provider and broadcaster of the Olympic Games (the "Olympics") across Europe (excluding Russia), TVN, a Polish media company, as well as Discovery Kids, a leading children's entertainment brand in Latin America. We participate in joint ventures including Magnolia, the recently formed multi-platform venture with Chip and Joanna Gaines, and Group Nine Media ("Group Nine"), a digital media holding company home to top digital brands including NowThis News, the Dodo, Thrillist, PopSugar, and Seeker. We operate production studios, and prior to the sale of our Education Business in April 2018, we sold curriculum-based education products and services. (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
During the fourth quarter of 2020, we announced the global launch of our aggregated DTC product, discovery+, a non-fiction, real life subscription service. In January 2021, we launched discovery+ in the U.S. across several streaming platforms and entered into a partnership with Verizon, which is offering access to discovery+ for up to 12 months to certain of its customers. The global rollout of discovery+ across more than 25 markets has already begun with the U.K. and Ireland, where we have partnered with Sky, and India. We also have a partnership with Vodafone, which will provide discovery+ to existing Vodafone TV and mobile customers in 12 markets across Europe. Upon launch in the U.S., discovery+ included an extensive content library comprised of more than 55,000 episodes and features a wide array of exclusive, original series from the Discovery portfolio of brands that have a strong leadership position. The service is available with ads or on an ad-free tier, providing Discovery with dual revenue streams. 
We aim to generate revenues principally from the sale of advertising on our networks and digital products and from fees charged to distributors that carry our network brands and content, primarily including cable, direct-to-home ("DTH") satellite, telecommunication and digital service providers, as well as through DTC subscription services. Other transactions include affiliate and advertising sales representation services, production studios content development and services content licenses, the licensing of our brands for consumer products, and in 2018, curriculum-based products and services. During 2020, advertising, distribution and other revenues were 52%, 46% and 2%, respectively, of consolidated revenues. No individual customer represented more than 10% of our total consolidated revenues for 2020, 2019 or 2018.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. For further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in Note 1  to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 
The Company is predominantly self-insured for employee health-care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. Insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. We use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims over time. While we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. Historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. 
The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Significant judgment also is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions. The benefits associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. When facts and circumstances change, we reassess these positions and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate. The 2017 Tax Act includes various provisions that significantly altered U.S. tax law, many of which impact our business (see Note 8  to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The San Juan Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the San Juan Basin in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado and delivers the natural gas either directly into interstate pipelines (if dry natural gas) or to regional natural gas plants, including our Chaco facility, for further processing (if rich natural gas) prior to being transported on interstate pipelines.
 • The Permian Basin Gathering System is comprised of the 993-mile Carlsbad pipeline system, the 636-mile Waha pipeline system, the 34-mile Orla pipeline system and the 18-mile Mentone pipeline system. The Permian Basin Gathering System gathers natural gas from the Permian Basin for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Chaparral, South Eddy, Waha, Mentone and Orla plants, and delivers residue and treated natural gas into our Texas Intrastate System and third party pipelines.
 • The White River Hub is a natural gas hub facility serving producers in the Piceance Basin. The facility enables producers to access six interstate natural gas pipelines and has a gross throughput capacity of 3 Bcf/d of natural gas. Our 50% ownership interest in White River Hub is held indirectly through our equity method investment in White River Hub, LLC.
