COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Principal Versus Agent  - The Company is the principal for the majority of its transactions and recognizes revenue on a gross basis. The Company is the principal when it has control of the merchandise or service before it is transferred to the member, which generally is established when Costco is primarily responsible 
Membership Fees - The Company accounts for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, ratably over the one-year membership period. Deferred membership fees at the end of 2019 and 2018 were $1,711  and $1,624 , respectively. 
In certain countries, the Company's Executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases (up to a maximum of approximately $1,000 per year), which does not expire and can be redeemed only at Costco warehouses. The Company accounts for this reward as a reduction in sales, net of the estimated impact of non-redemptions (breakage), with the corresponding liability classified as accrued member rewards in the consolidated balance sheets. Estimated breakage is computed based on redemption data. For 2019 , 2018 and 2017, the net reduction in sales was $1,537 , $1,394 , and $1,281  respectively.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
From time to time, the Company engages in transactions in which the tax consequences may be uncertain. Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax consequences of these transactions. The Company prepares and files tax returns based on its interpretation of tax laws and regulations. In the normal course of business, the Company's tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities. 
In determining the Company's tax provision for financial reporting purposes, the Company establishes a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless the Company determines that such positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on their technical merits, including the resolution of any appeals or litigation processes. The Company includes interest and where appropriate, penalties, in its tax reserves. There is significant judgment involved in determining the amount of reserve and whether positions taken on the Company's tax returns are more likely than not to be sustained, which involve the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the potential outcome of positions taken on tax returns that may be reviewed by tax authorities. The Company adjusts its tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations. 
The Company has long-term contracts with distributors around the world. For the U.S. Networks segment, 95 % of distribution revenue comes from the 10 largest distributors. Agreements in place with the 10 largest cable and satellite operators with the U.S. Networks expire at various times from 2021 through 2023. Although the Company seeks to renew its agreements with its distributors prior to expiration of a contract, a delay in securing a renewal that results in a service disruption, a failure to secure a renewal or a renewal on less favorable terms may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Not only could the Company experience a reduction in distribution revenue, but it could also experience a reduction in advertising revenue, as viewership is impacted by affiliate subscriber levels.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
On a combined basis, gross operating margin from our Jonah Gathering System, Piceance Basin Gathering System and San Juan Gathering System in the Rocky Mountains increased a net $50 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average gathering fees, which accounted for a $48 million increase, and higher condensate sales, which accounted for an additional $15 million increase, partially offset by a 169 BBtus/d combined decrease in gathering volumes, which accounted for a $10 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our Acadian Gas System and Haynesville Gathering System increased a combined $20 million year-to-year primarily due to an 885 BBtus/d combined increase in transportation volumes. The year-to-year increase in transportation volumes is primarily due to the Gillis Lateral pipeline, which was placed into service in December 2021.
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):
