ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our claim reserve development experience is consistent with the MCCA’s overall experience with reported and pending claims increasing in recent years. Moreover, the MCCA has reported severity increasing with nearly 57% of reimbursements for attendant and residential care services. Michigan’s unique no-fault motor vehicle insurance law provides unlimited lifetime coverage for medical expenses resulting from motor vehicle accidents. The reserve 
increases in the MCCA program are attributable to an increased recognition of longer term paid loss trends. The paid loss trends are rising due to increased costs in medical and attendant care and increased longevity of claimants. As a result of continuing to originate 
Paid claims and claims expenses reported in the table for the current and prior years, recovered from the MCCA totaled $98 million, $97 million and $101 million in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
For more information regarding legal proceedings, such as the Slack shareholder derivative action, see Note 13 “Legal Proceedings and Claims” to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II.Our Employee Opinion Survey is a vehicle for employees to provide confidential feedback on their experience as Salesforce employees. The results are used to assess employee engagement, our company culture and our workplace environment. Based on the results of the most recent survey, 94 percent of responding employees indicated they were willing to give extra effort to get the job done and nearly 90 percent of responding employees indicated that they would recommend Salesforce as a great place to work. 
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
• Unconditional purchase obligations, with terms in excess of one year, amount to $24.5 billion, of which $9.4 billion is expected to be due within the next twelve months. Items included in unconditional purchase obligations are primarily commitments to purchase network equipment, software and services, content, marketing services and other items which will be used or sold in the ordinary course of business. These amounts do not represent our entire anticipated purchases in the future, but represent only those items that are the subject of contractual obligations. We also purchase products and services as needed with no firm commitment. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
• Estimated commitments for our allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with C-Band wireless spectrum acquired under Auction 107. The remaining commitment is estimated to be $4.8 billion, all of which is expected to be due within the next twelve months. 
• Other long-term liabilities, including current maturities, of $4.1 billion, of which $827 million is expected to be due within the next twelve months. Other long-term liabilities represent estimated postretirement benefit and qualified pension plan contributions. Qualified pension plan contributions include estimated minimum funding contributions. We expect that there will be no required pension funding through 2026, subject to changes in market conditions. Postretirement benefit payments include future postretirement benefit payments. These estimated amounts: (1) are subject to change based on changes to assumptions and future plan performance, which could impact the timing and/or amounts of these payments; and (2) exclude expectations beyond 5 years due to uncertainty of the timing and amounts.
