WORLD KINECT CORP report:
At World Fuel Services, we believe that our people's passion and expertise are what differentiates us and investing in our people is a top priority. Our comprehensive approach to serving our workforce includes our commitment to promoting a diverse and inclusive environment, as well as focusing on our employees' growth and development, health and safety, and overall well-being. The following charts provide information about our global workforce as of December 31, 2022: 
As a global energy management company, we are committed to doing the right thing in all that we do and we continually seek to protect the health and safety of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers and the communities in which we operate. We are committed to playing a leading role in promoting best practices within the transportation industry and are closely involved in developing, setting, and maintaining health, safety and environment ("HSE") industry standards. We have established a set of "Rules to Live By" to help strengthen our existing Integrated Management System and drive appropriate safety behaviors and practices, which we believe are vital to preventing workplace incidents. These rules are designed to ensure the safety of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers and communities around the world. 
We have developed what we believe to be a comprehensive process designed to identify, assess and manage HSE risks in our operations. We set targets for performance improvements and regularly measure, audit and report on our performance both internally and in accordance with applicable laws. We also expect our contractors to manage HSE matters in line with our policies and strive to maintain an open dialogue with our stakeholders to better align our policies with the priorities within the communities where we operate.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our natural gas marketing activities decreased $51.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins (including the impact of hedging activities), which accounted for a $37.0 million decrease, and lower sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $14.1 million decrease.
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):
Gross operating margin from our propylene production facilities increased a combined $14.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower operating costs, which accounted for an $18.9 million increase, and higher exchange and storage fee revenues, which accounted for an additional $15.6 million increase, partially offset by lower propylene and associated by-product sales volumes, which accounted for a $23.6 million decrease. Propylene production volumes at these facilities decreased a combined 6 MBPD year-to-year (net to our interest). As refiners reduced their utilization rates in response to lower demand for refined products caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a decrease in the availability of refinery grade propylene feedstock used by our facilities to create polymer grade propylene. As a result, our propylene production volumes were reduced, with the largest impacts occurring in the second quarter of 2020.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Implementation costs are directly attributable to restructuring activities; however, they do not qualify for special accounting treatment as exit or disposal activities. We believe the disclosure of implementation costs provides readers of our financial statements with more information on the total costs of our Simplify to Grow Program. Implementation costs primarily relate to reorganizing our operations and facilities in connection with our supply chain reinvention program and other identified productivity and cost saving initiatives. The costs include incremental expenses related to the closure of facilities, costs to terminate certain contracts and the simplification of our information systems. Within our continuing results of operations, we recorded implementation costs of $ 87 million in 2022, $ 167 million in 2021 and $ 207 million in 2020. We recorded these costs within cost of sales and general corporate expense within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
During 2022, 2021 and 2020, and since inception of the Simplify to Grow Program, we recorded the following restructuring and implementation costs within segment operating income and earnings before income taxes: 
   As of December 31,   2022 2021 Facility Amount Borrowed Amount Facility Amount Borrowed Amount (in millions) Uncommitted credit facilities $ 1,335   $ 90   $ 1,367   $ 24
