ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our strategy for growth is to deliver substantially more value through innovative products and technology, tailored solutions and exceptional service. Initiatives are focused on expanding into non-traditional products and becoming an integrated digital enterprise through investments in future-state technologies and data and analytics capabilities. 
The market for voluntary benefits is growing as these products help employees fill the increasing gaps associated with continued medical cost inflation and the shifting of costs from employers to employees to cover co-pays and deductibles. Favorable industry and economic trends have increased competitive pressure and attracted new traditional and non-traditional entrants to the voluntary benefits market. Recent entrants, including large group medical, life and disability insurance carriers, are leveraging core benefit capabilities by bundling and discounting to capture voluntary market share. 
Our Allstate Annuities segment accounted for 2.9% of Allstate’s 2019 consolidated total revenue and 0.1% of Allstate’s December 31, 2019 PIF. The Allstate Annuities segment consists primarily of deferred fixed annuities and immediate fixed annuities (including standard and sub-standard structured settlements). The segment is in run-off and is focused on increasing lifetime economic value. Both the deferred and immediate annuity businesses have been adversely impacted by the historically low interest rate environment. Our immediate annuity business has also been impacted by medical advancements that have resulted in annuitants living longer than anticipated when many of these contracts were originated.

BOEING CO report:
Lease and financing revenue arrangements are included in Sales of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For sales-type/finance leases, we record financing receivables at lease inception. A financing receivable is recorded at the aggregate of future minimum lease payments, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and deferred incremental direct costs less unearned income. Income is recognized over the life of the lease to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. Income recognition is generally suspended for financing receivables at the date full recovery of income and principal becomes not probable. Income is recognized when financing receivables become contractually current and performance is demonstrated by the customer . Residual values, which are reviewed periodically, represent the estimated amount we expect to receive at lease termination from the disposition of the leased equipment. Actual residual values realized could differ from these estimates. Declines in estimated residual value that are deemed other-than-temporary are recognized in the period in which the declines occur. 
For operating leases, revenue on leased aircraft and equipment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Operating lease assets, included in Customer financing, are recorded at cost and depreciated over the period that we project we will hold the asset to an estimated residual value, using the straight-line method. We periodically review our estimates of residual value and recognize forecasted changes by prospectively adjusting depreciation expense. 
For notes receivable, notes are recorded net of any unamortized discounts and deferred incremental direct costs. Interest income and amortization of any discounts are recorded ratably over the related term of the note.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our industry is highly competitive, based on factors such as price, merchandise quality and selection, location, convenience, distribution strategy, and customer service. We compete on a worldwide basis with global, national, and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores, and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. Walmart, Target, Kroger, and Amazon are among our significant general merchandise retail competitors in the U.S. We also compete with other warehouse clubs including Walmart’s Sam’s Club and BJ’s Wholesale Club, and many of the major metropolitan areas in the U.S. and certain of our Other International locations have multiple clubs. 
We believe that, to varying degrees, our trademarks, trade names, copyrights, proprietary processes, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names and similar intellectual property add significant value to our business and are important to our success. We have invested significantly in the development and protection of our well-recognized brands, including the Costco Wholesale trademarks and our private-label brand, Kirkland Signature. We believe that Kirkland Signature products are high quality, offered at prices that are generally lower than national brands, and help lower costs, differentiate our merchandise offerings, and generally earn higher margins. We expect to continue to increase the sales penetration of our private-label items. 
We rely on trademark and copyright laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality, license and other agreements with our suppliers, employees and others to protect our intellectual property. The availability and duration of trademark registrations vary by country; however, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and registrations are maintained.
