ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS — For assets and liabilities that are measured using quoted prices in active markets, total fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured using significant other observable inputs are valued by reference to similar assets or liabilities, adjusted for contract restrictions and other terms specific to that asset or liability. For these items, a significant portion of fair value is derived by reference to quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets. For all remaining assets and liabilities, fair value is derived using a fair value model, such as a discounted cash flow model or Black-Scholes model. Purchased intangible assets are recorded at fair value. The fair value of significant purchased intangible assets is based on independent appraisals. Abbott uses a discounted cash flow model to value intangible assets. The discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, the cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on a quarterly basis. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually.
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — The fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards and units are amortized over their requisite service period, which could be shorter than the vesting period if an employee is retirement eligible, with a charge to compensation expense.
LITIGATION — Abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) No. 450, “Contingencies.” Under ASC No. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management’s best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. Legal fees are recorded as incurred.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
While we do not anticipate further changes in the 2019 assumptions for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension and postretirement health care plans, as a sensitivity measure, a fifty-basis point change in our discount rates or the expected rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects, increase/(decrease), on our annual benefit plan costs: 
In accordance with obligations we have under collective bargaining agreements, we participate in multiemployer pension plans. In 2017 and 2016, the only individually significant multiemployer plan we contributed to was the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund. Our obligation to contribute to the Fund arose with respect to 8 collective bargaining agreements covering most of our employees represented by the BCTGM. All of those collective bargaining agreements expired in 2016. 
In the fourth quarter of 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal from the Fund. We estimated a withdrawal liability of $573 million , which represents our best estimate of the withdrawal liability absent an assessment from the Fund. We anticipate receiving an assessment in 2019, and the ultimate withdrawal liability may change from the currently

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Business Acquisitions —The Company accounts for business acquisitions under the acquisition method. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The operating results of the acquired companies are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
Cost of Goods Sold —Cost of goods sold includes amounts paid to vendors for products sold, net of vendor consideration, including in-bound freight necessary to bring the products to the Company’s distribution facilities. Depreciation related to processing facilities and equipment is presented in cost of goods sold. Because the majority of the inventories are finished goods, depreciation related to warehouse facilities and equipment is presented in distribution, selling and administrative costs. See “Inventories” above for discussion of the LIFO impact on cost of goods sold. 
Shipping and Handling Costs —Shipping and handling costs, which include costs related to the selection of products and their delivery to customers, are presented in distribution, selling and administrative costs. Shipping and handling costs were $1.7 billion  in 2018  and $1.6 billion  in 2017  and in 2016 .
