ALLSTATE CORP report:
Includes the Allstate, Encompass and Esurance brands and Answer Financial. Offers private passenger auto, homeowners, other personal lines and commercial insurance through agencies and direct, including contact centers and the internet. 
Includes SquareTrade, Arity, InfoArmor, Allstate Roadside Services and Allstate Dealer Services, which offer a broad range of products and services that expand and enhance our customer value propositions. InfoArmor is included in Service Businesses since its acquisition on October 5, 2018. 
Offers voluntary benefits products, including life, accident, critical illness, short-term disability and other health insurance products sold through workplace enrolling independent agents and Allstate exclusive agencies.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs and field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also have a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Basic earnings per common share are based on the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Where appropriate, diluted earnings per common share include the dilutive effect of shares issuable under our stock-based compensation plans. 
There were a total of approximately 2 million outstanding dilutive securities, primarily consisting of restricted stock units, included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019. 
We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates quoted market value and includes amounts held in money market funds.
