WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We have developed what we believe to be a comprehensive process designed to identify, assess and manage HSE risks in our operations. We set targets for performance improvements and regularly measure, audit and report on our performance both internally and in accordance with applicable laws. We also expect our contractors to manage HSE matters in line with our policies and strive to maintain an open dialogue with our stakeholders to better align our policies with the priorities within the communities where we operate. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented our business continuity and emergency response plans in alignment with mandates from local authorities. To ensure the safety of our employees, we have provided instructions and regular updates on how to work safely in the COVID-19 environment, including protective wear and additional training for our employees working in our on-site fueling and trucking operations. We also maximized remote work throughout our global offices and expanded our employee assistance programs to provide additional mental health and other forms of support to our employees and their families to assist in coping with the stressors brought on by the pandemic. 
We place a high degree of focus on growth in position and career enhancement paths for our employees by providing professional development opportunities and cultivating a diverse talent pool. In this regard, we are committed to working on increasing transparency around our talent recruitment, development and retention efforts, as well as our diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. We have developed a set of commitments for our business, including initiatives aimed at increasing the representation of minorities and military veterans throughout our organization, as well as the representation of women in senior management. These initiatives include providing unconscious bias training to our managers, mandating diverse interview panels in our recruiting process and actively participating in veteran programs that provide employment opportunities and educational support to military veterans and their families.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. 
Non-GAAP adjustments related to the Simplify to Grow Program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. Costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-GAAP adjustments. 
During the third quarter of 2018, as we began to apply highly inflationary accounting for Argentina, we excluded the remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in Argentina to be consistent with our prior accounting for these remeasurement gains or losses for Venezuela when it was subject to highly inflationary accounting prior to 2016. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for more information.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Comparison of 2017 with 2016. Net cash flows provided by operating activities in 2017 increased $599.5 million when compared to 2016. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to: 
a $333.2 million increase in cash resulting from higher partnership earnings in 2017 compared to 2016 (after adjusting our $302.6 million year-to-year increase in net income for changes in the non-cash items identified on our Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows); 
a $1.12 billion year-to-year increase in expenditures for consolidated property, plant and equipment (see “Capital Investments” within this Part II, Item 7 for additional information); and
