ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
As described in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, unrecognized tax benefits were approximately $1.9 billion at December 31, 2021. Unrecognized tax benefits are assessed by management quarterly for identification and measurement, or more frequently if there are any indicators suggesting change in unrecognized tax benefits. Assessing tax positions involves judgement including interpreting tax laws of multiple jurisdictions and assumptions relevant to the measurement of an unrecognized tax benefit, including the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority. These judgements and assumptions can significantly affect unrecognized tax benefits.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Although there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome, we have generally denied, or believe we have a meritorious defense and will deny, liability in all pending matters, including (except as otherwise noted herein) the matters described below, and we intend to vigorously defend each matter. We accrue amounts associated with legal proceedings when and to the extent a loss becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. The actual costs of resolving legal proceedings may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts accrued on those claims. 
For matters as to which we are not able to estimate a possible loss or range of losses, we are not able to determine whether any such loss will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. For matters in this category, we have indicated in the descriptions that follow the reasons that we are unable to estimate the possible loss or range of losses. 
In February 2015, the State and City of New York filed suit against UPS in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, arising from alleged shipments of cigarettes to New York State and City residents. The complaint asserted claims under various federal and state laws. The complaint also included a claim that UPS violated the Assurance of Discontinuance it entered into with the New York Attorney General in 2005 concerning cigarette deliveries. On March 24, 2017, the District Court issued an opinion and order finding liability against UPS on each of the plaintiffs’ causes of action. On May 25, 2017, the District Court issued a corrected opinion and order on liability and an order awarding the plaintiffs damages of $ 9 million and penalties of $ 238 million . Following an appeal, on November 7, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit issued an order awarding the plaintiffs damages of $ 19 million and penalties of $ 79 million. An accrual of $ 100 million with respect to this matter is included on our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2019 . We estimate that the amount of losses could be up to $ 247 million , plus interest; however, the amount of penalties ultimately payable, if any, is subject to a variety of complex factors and potential outcomes that could be determined in future legal proceedings, which would include a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested options with a fair value of $ 103 million. Of the total consideration, $ 81 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 22 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
The Company invested $ 14 million in a noncontrolling equity investment in ClickSoftware in July 2015. The Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 39 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in ClickSoftware held before the business combination. The gain is included in gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
In June 2019, Salesforce.org, the independent nonprofit social enterprise that resold the Company's service offerings to non-profit and higher education organizations, was combined with the Company. The Company has included the financial results of Salesforce.org, which are not material to income from operations in fiscal 2020, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The business combination with Salesforce.org in June 2019 contributed approximately $ 228 million total revenues in fiscal 2020. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material.
