MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On May 6, 2014, our Board of Directors approved a $ 3.5 billion 2014-2018 restructuring program and up to $ 2.2 billion of capital expenditures. On August 31, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a $ 600 million reallocation between restructuring program cash costs and capital expenditures so the $ 5.7 billion program consisted of approximately $ 4.1 billion of restructuring program costs ($ 3.1 billion cash costs and $ 1.0 billion non-cash costs) and up to $ 1.6 billion of capital expenditures. On September 6, 2018, our Board of Directors approved an extension of the restructuring program through 2022, an increase of $ 1.3 billion in the program charges and an increase of $ 700 million in capital expenditures. On October 21, 2021, our Board of Directors approved an extension of the restructuring program through 2023. The total $ 7.7 billion program now consists of $ 5.4 billion of program charges ($ 4.1 billion of cash costs and $ 1.3 billion of non-cash costs) and total capital expenditures of $ 2.3 billion to be incurred over the life of the program. The current restructuring program, as increased and extended by these actions, is now called the Simplify to Grow Program. 
The primary objective of the Simplify to Grow Program is to reduce our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. The program covers severance as well as asset disposals and other manufacturing and procurement-related one-time costs. Since inception, we have incurred total restructuring and related implementation charges of $ 5.1 billion related to the Simplify to Grow Program. We expect to incur the remainder of the program charges by year-end 2023. 
(4) In 2022, we recognized non-cash asset write-downs (including accelerated depreciation and other non-cash adjustments, including any gains on sale of assets, primarily real estate, included in the restructuring program totaling $ 8 million. In 2021, we recognized non-cash asset write-downs (including accelerated depreciation and asset impairments), non-cash pension settlement losses and other non-cash adjustments, partially offset by gains on sale of assets, primarily real estate, included in the restructuring program totaling $ 73 million.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We also handle refined products at EHT on the Houston Ship Channel. In addition to providing vessel loading and unloading services for refined products, EHT’s refined products operations include 2.0 MMBbls of aggregate storage capacity through the use of 24 above-ground storage tanks.
Refined products marketing activities. Our refined products marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of refined products obtained on the open market. The results of operations from our refined products marketing activities are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between product sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our other assets. In general, we sell our refined products at market-based prices, which may include pricing differentials for factors such as grade and delivery location. We use derivative instruments to mitigate our exposure to commodity price risks associated with our refined products marketing activities. For a discussion of our commodity hedging program, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report.
In December 2019, we placed our ethylene export terminal into limited service, with the first cargo of 25 million pounds of ethylene exported in January 2020. The terminal, which we operate, is located at our Morgan’s Point facility on the Houston Ship Channel and features two docks and the capacity to load 2.2 billion pounds of ethylene per year. A refrigerated storage tank for 66 million pounds of ethylene is being constructed on-site that will allow the terminal to load ethylene up to a rate of 2.2 million pounds per hour. Full commercial operations at the terminal are expected in the fourth quarter of 2020 once certain refrigeration assets are complete. We own a 50% member interest in Enterprise Navigator Ethylene Terminal LLC, which owns the export facility.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents our Education and Other operating segments' revenues, certain operating expenses, Adjusted OIBDA, and a reconciliation of Adjusted OIBDA to operating income (in millions). 
The impairment of goodwill presented above for corporate and inter-segment eliminations is a portion of the total goodwill impairment recorded for the European reporting unit during 2017. The remaining portion of the impairment of $489 million is a component of our International Networks segment. The presentation of goodwill impairment is consistent with the financial reports that are reviewed by the Company's CEO. Goodwill has been allocated from corporate assets to reporting units within corporate and inter-segment eliminations. 
The decrease in mark-to-market share-based compensation expense was primarily attributable to a decrease in Discovery's stock price in 2017 compared to 2016. Changes in stock price are a key driver of fair value estimates used in the attribution of expense for stock appreciation rights ("SARs") and performance-based restricted stock units ("PRSUs"). By contrast, stock options and service-based restricted stock units ("RSUs") are fair valued at grant date and amortized over their vesting period without mark-to-market adjustments. The expense associated with stock options and RSUs is included in Adjusted OIBDA as a component of selling, general and administrative expense.
