ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Our flexible work and equal opportunity policies support talent attraction and retention. This has enabled us to recruit a more geographically dispersed and diverse talent pool, as well as to reduce our facilities footprint. 
• Performance review and development takes place throughout the year. Allstate invests in training and re-skilling opportunities, with most of our learning experiences offered virtually to support our remote and global workforce. 
Organizational Culture At Allstate, we believe that when your passion fuels your purpose, you can achieve anything. We expect all employees to be leaders and dedicate extensive resources to developing leaders at all levels.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. 
Revenue Recognition - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations. We enter into contracts with our customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The effective income tax rate for 2020 was 23.4 % compared to 13.0 % for 2019. The increase in the effective income tax rate and the provision for income taxes was primarily due to the recognition of a $ 2.2 billion tax benefit in connection with the disposition of preferred stock representing a minority interest in a foreign affiliate in 2019 that did not reoccur in 2020. 
At December 31, 2021, undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries indefinitely invested outside the U.S. amounted to approximately $ 5.5 billion. The majority of Verizon's cash flow is generated from domestic operations and we are not dependent on foreign cash or earnings to meet our funding requirements, nor do we intend to repatriate these undistributed foreign earnings to fund U.S. operations. Furthermore, a portion of these undistributed earnings represents amounts that legally must be kept in reserve in accordance with certain foreign jurisdictional requirements and are unavailable for distribution or repatriation. As a result, we have not provided U.S. deferred taxes on these undistributed earnings because we intend that they will remain indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. and therefore unavailable for use in funding U.S. operations. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred taxes related to these undistributed earnings is not practicable. 
At December 31, 2021, we had net after-tax loss and credit carry forwards for income tax purposes of approximately $ 2.2 billion that primarily relate to state and foreign taxes. Of these net after-tax loss and credit carry forwards, approximately $ 1.7 billion will expire between 2022 and 2041 and approximately $ 554 million may be carried forward indefinitely.
