WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Effective September 2020, the Company realigned its International Networks management reporting structure. As a result, Australia and New Zealand, which were previously included in the Europe reporting unit, are now included in the Asia-Pacific reporting unit. 
• Eurosport is a household name for live sports entertainment across all platforms, showcasing sporting events with both regional and pan-regional appeal. Viewers in Europe can enjoy live-action events including coverage of cycling's Grand Tours, all four Grand Slam tennis tournaments, as well as every International Ski Federation World Cup and World Championship event during the winter sports season. It reaches millions of viewers across Europe and Asia via Eurosport 1, Eurosport 2, the network's DTC streaming service, Eurosport Player, ahead of its move to discovery+ in all of its markets, and Eurosport.com, an online sports news and video website reaching up to 50 million unique users per month. 
• Eurosport offers live and on-demand streaming on discovery+, and began integrating Eurosport’s streaming offer in Europe in 2021 and will continue across the continent in step with the continued international roll out of discovery+.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Global economic growth continues to drive demand for petroleum-based products. In February 2020, the International Energy Agency (“IEA”) reported that global demand for crude oil and NGLs grew by a combined 1.0 MMBPD in 2019 and expects demand to grow by approximately 0.8 MMBPD in 2020. Recent statements by the IEA and other sources suggest that the coronavirus will soften near-term global demand for hydrocarbons, particularly in Asia, in the first quarter of 2020, with a likely rebound in demand during the third quarter of 2020. In December 2019, the IEA forecast that overall long-term demand for crude oil and NGLs by the countries represented by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) will decline by approximately 0.3 MMBPD between 2019 and 2024, while non-OECD demand would increase by 6 MMBPD over the same period. The IEA expects that petrochemicals will account for approximately 31% of the increase in long-term global demand for crude oil and NGLs over this period. As its reference case, the IEA’s long-term outlook for crude oil and NGL demand points to either a plateau after 2030, or to slow growth of approximately 0.2% from 2025 to 2040.
We, along with a majority of forecasters, expect that long-term demand for liquid hydrocarbons such as crude oil and NGLs should not decline before the year 2040. Demand for liquid hydrocarbons is generally driven by the following sectors: airline and rail transportation, marine bunker fuel, motor fuels (gasoline and diesel) for cars, trucks and similar vehicles, industrial users, residential and commercial heating, and feedstocks in petrochemical and plastics manufacturing. Practically speaking, liquid hydrocarbons cannot be reasonably or economically replaced for each of these uses by other forms of energy in this forecast period given current technologies. Although the IEA and other forecasters project electric-powered vehicles modestly supplanting gasoline and diesel-powered vehicles in certain markets during this period, the decrease in motor fuel demand is outweighed by demand growth in other sectors for liquid hydrocarbons.
We continuously review third-party economic forecasts in connection with our long-term planning. In general, third party forecasts such as the IEA’s are subject to a variety of assumptions including: (i) current views of leading economic forecasters and demographers with respect to assumed economic and demographic trends; (ii) improvements in energy production, delivery and consumption technologies; (iii) current laws and regulations that affect the energy sector are unchanged throughout the 2020-2050 projection period; (iv) future commodity prices and (v) reduced costs for renewables. Changes to these and other assumptions by forecasters may yield higher or lower outlooks for hydrocarbon demand and supply over the long-term.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Between 2013 and 2017, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of a total of $ 13.7 billion of our Common Stock through December 31, 2018. On January 31, 2018, our Finance Committee, with authorization delegated from our Board of Directors, approved an increase of $ 6.0 billion in the share repurchase program, raising the authorization to $ 19.7 billion of Common Stock repurchases, and extended the program through December 31, 2020 . Repurchases under the program are determined by management and are wholly discretionary. Prior to January 1, 2019 , we had repurchased approximately $ 15.0 billion of Common Stock pursuant to this authorization. During 2019 , we repurchased approximately 30.9 million shares of Common Stock at an average cost of $ 48.51 per share, or an aggregate cost of approximately $ 1.5 billion , all of which was paid during the period except for approximately $ 19 million settled in January 2020. All share repurchases were funded through available cash and commercial paper issuances. As of December 31, 2019 , we have approximately $ 3.2 billion in remaining share repurchase capacity. 
In February 2013 and March 2014, Cadbury India Limited (now known as Mondelez India Foods Private Limited), a subsidiary of Mondelēz International, and other parties received show cause notices from the Indian Central Excise Authority (the “Excise Authority”) calling upon the parties to demonstrate why the Excise Authority should not collect a total of 3.7 billion Indian rupees ( $ 52 million as of December 31, 2019 ) ("Period 1") of unpaid excise tax and an equivalent amount of penalties, as well as interest, related to production at the same Indian facility. We contested these demands and on March 27, 2015, the Commissioner of the Excise Authority (the "Commissioner") issued an order denying the excise exemption that we claimed for Period 1. We appealed this order in June 2015. The Excise Authority issued additional show cause notices in February 2015, December 2015 and October 2017 on the same issue covering additional periods through June 2017 ("Period 2"). These three notices added a total of 4.9 billion Indian rupees ( $ 68 million as of December 31, 2019 ) of allegedly unpaid excise taxes subject to penalties up to an equivalent amount plus accrued interest. We contested these demands, and on May 25, 2019, the Commissioner issued an order denying the excise exemption that we claimed for Period 2. We appealed this order in August 2019. With the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax ("GST") in India in July 2017, we stopped receiving show 
cause notices for additional amounts on this issue. Beginning in the fall of 2019, the government of India made available an amnesty to resolve legacy tax issues following the GST implementation. Under the amnesty, upon payment of 50 % of the principal demand for cases pending adjudication or appeal as of June 30, 2019 and 60 % of the principal demand for cases where the appeal was filed after June 30, 2019, the government would waive the remainder of the principal demand as well as any penalties imposed and interest, and it would also grant immunity from prosecution. Although we continue to believe that our decision to claim the excise tax benefit was valid, in December 2019, we filed for the amnesty and accrued a total of 4.6 billion Indian rupees ( $ 65 million as of December 31, 2019 ) in selling, general and administrative expenses for this matter. In January 2020, we made the related payments under the amnesty. This matter is now resolved, and the resolution was not material to our business or financial condition.
