ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS — For assets and liabilities that are measured using quoted prices in active markets, total fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured using significant other observable inputs are valued by reference to similar assets or liabilities, adjusted for contract restrictions and other terms specific to that asset or liability. For these items, a significant portion of fair value is derived by reference to quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets. For all remaining assets and liabilities, fair value is derived using a fair value model, such as a discounted cash flow model or Black-Scholes model. Purchased intangible assets are recorded at fair value. The fair value of significant purchased intangible assets is based on independent appraisals. Abbott uses a discounted cash flow model to value intangible assets. The discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, the cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on a quarterly basis. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually. 
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — The fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards and units are amortized over their requisite service period, which could be shorter than the vesting period if an employee is retirement eligible, with a charge to compensation expense. 
LITIGATION — Abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) No. 450, “Contingencies.” Under ASC No. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management’s best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. Legal fees are recorded as incurred.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) When items no longer impact our current or future presentation of non-GAAP operating results, we remove these items from our non-GAAP definitions. In the first quarter of 2022, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of incremental costs due to the war in Ukraine (refer to footnote (12) below), in the second quarter of 2022, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of costs incurred associated with our publicly-announced processes to sell businesses (refer to footnote (5) below) and in the third quarter of 2022, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of inventory step-up charges associated with acquisitions (refer to footnote (8) below). In the fourth quarter of 2022, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of the impact from the European Commission legal matter (refer to footnote (13) below). 
(2) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses (including the partial or full sale of an equity method investment) and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, any KDP or JDE Peet’s ownership reductions are reflected as divestitures within our non-GAAP results the following quarter. During the third quarter of 2021, we began to exclude the impact of certain adjustments made 
to our acquisition contingent consideration liabilities that were recorded at the date of acquisition. We made this adjustment to better facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating performance across periods. See Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , and Note 7, Equity Method Investments , for information on acquisitions and divestitures impacting the comparability of our results.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar positively impacted net sales by approximately $2,759, or 169 basis points, compared to 2020, attributable to our Canadian and Other International operations. Changes in gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by $1,636, or 100 basis points, compared to 2020, due to a 12% increase in the average price per gallon. The volume of gasoline sold increased approximately 10%, positively impacting net sales by $1,469, or 90 basis points. 
Comparable sales increased 16% during 2021 and were positively impacted by increases in shopping frequency and average ticket. There was an increase of 44% in e-commerce comparable sales in 2021, driven by an increase of 80% in the first half of the year. 
Membership fees increased 9% in 2021, driven by sign-ups and upgrades to Executive membership. Excluding the positive impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, membership fees increased 8%. At the end of 2021, our member renewal rates were 91% in the U.S. and Canada and 89% worldwide. Our renewal rate is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date. We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period.
