ALLSTATE CORP report:
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on plan assets. While this rate reflects long-term assumptions and is consistent with long-term historical returns, sustained changes in the market or changes in 
the mix of plan assets may lead to revisions in the assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets that may result in variability of pension cost. Differences between the actual return on plan assets and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets are immediately recognized through earnings upon remeasurement. Short-term asset performance can differ significantly from the expected rate of return, especially in volatile markets. In 2021, the actual return on plan assets was higher than the expected return primarily due to strong equity market performance. In 2020, the actual return on plan assets was higher than the expected return primarily due to a decline in interest rates which increased the fair value of our fixed income investments and strong equity market performance. 
We complete periodic evaluations of demographic information and historical experience that affects our pension and other postretirement obligations to identify any required changes to long-term actuarial assumptions and methodologies. Demographic assumptions affect both our pension and postretirement plans and include elements such as retirement rates and participation rates in our postretirement programs, among other factors.

BOEING CO report:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls including those over the data used in developing the estimates, the mathematical extrapolation of such data, and management’s judgment regarding the range of possible outcomes relating to the specific estimates. 
In 2019, following two fatal 737 MAX accidents, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and non-U.S. civil aviation authorities issued orders suspending commercial operations of 737 MAX aircraft (the “737 MAX Grounding”). Deliveries resumed in the U.S. in late 2020 following rescission by the FAA of its grounding order. The 737 MAX remains grounded in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions. In addition, multiple legal actions have been filed against the Company following the fatal accidents and various governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries continue relating to the accidents and the 737 MAX aircraft. 
During 2019, the Company recorded an initial liability in connection with estimated payments, concessions and other in-kind consideration it intends to provide to customers for disruptions related to the 737 MAX Grounding and associated delivery delays. This liability totaled $5.5 billion at December 31, 2020 and is reflected in the financial statements in Accrued liabilities. This represents the Company’s best estimate of future concessions and other consideration to its customers, and is necessarily based on individual negotiations with customers and the substance of such negotiations.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 
• modern low-code and no code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; 
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings, providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities:
