ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
operations may be impacted to the extent these tribal governments are found to have and choose to act upon such jurisdiction over lands where we operate. For example, in 2020, the Supreme Court ruled in McGirt v. Oklahoma that the Muscogee (Creek) Nation reservation in Eastern Oklahoma has not been disestablished. Although the court’s ruling indicates that it is limited to criminal law, as applied within the Muscogee (Creek) Nation reservation, the ruling may have significant potential implications for civil law, both in the Muscogee (Creek) Nation reservation and other reservations that may similarly be found to not have been disestablished. State courts in Oklahoma have applied the analysis in McGirt in ruling that the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Seminole, and Choctaw reservations likewise had not been disestablished. 
On October 1, 2020, the EPA granted approval to the State of Oklahoma under Section 10211(a) of the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act of 2005 (the “SAFETE Act”) to administer all of the State’s existing EPA-approved regulatory programs to Indian Country within the state except: Indian allotments to which Indians titles have not been extinguished; lands that are held in trust by the United States on behalf of any Indian or Tribe; lands that are owned in fee by any Tribe where title was acquired through a treaty with the United States to which such tribe is a party and that have never been allotted to any citizen or member of such Tribe. The approval extends the State’s authority for existing EPA-approved regulatory programs to all lands within the State to which the State applied such programs prior to the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling in McGirt . However, several Tribes expressed dissatisfaction with the consultation process performed in relation to this approval, and, in December 2021, the EPA proposed to withdraw and reconsider the October 2020 decision. Additionally, the SAFETE Act provides that any Tribe in Oklahoma may seek “Treatment as a State” by the EPA, and it is possible that one or more of the Tribes in Oklahoma may seek such an approval from EPA. At this time, we cannot predict how these jurisdictional issues may ultimately be resolved. 
As of December 31, 2022, Energy Transfer and its consolidated subsidiaries employed an aggregate of 12,565 employees, 1,369 of which are represented by labor unions. We believe that our relations with our employees are good.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, which offers proactive monitoring and instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self service offerings. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising, formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers’ products may increase competitive pressure. 
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes care products for people with diabetes, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. Medical devices are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, depending upon the product, medical devices are generally marketed and sold directly to wholesalers, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, physicians’ offices, and distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. 
• rhythm management products, including Assurity MRI ® and Endurity MRI ® pacemaker systems, and Aveir ® VR single-chamber VR leadless pacemaker system; Ellipse ® , Fortify Assura ® , and Gallant ® implantable cardioverter defibrillators and Gallant and Quadra Assura MP ® implantable cardioverter defibrillator with cardiac resynchronization therapy and MultiPoint™ Pacing technology; and Confirm Rx ® and Jot Dx ® implantable cardiac monitors;
