BOEING CO report:
As of December 31 , 2019, 2018 and 2017 , the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $ 1,476 , $ 2,412 and $ 1,736 , respectively, of which $ 1,287 , $ 1,405 and $ 1,568 would affect the effective tax rate, if recognized. As of December 31, 2019 , these amounts are primarily associated with the amount of research tax credits claimed, uncertainties in the TCJA, tax basis adjustments and the U.S. manufacturing activity tax benefit. 
Federal income tax audits have been settled for all years prior to 2015. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) began the 2015-2017 federal tax audit in the first quarter of 2019. We are also subject to examination in major state and international jurisdictions for the 2007-2018 tax years. We believe appropriate provisions for all outstanding tax issues have been made for all jurisdictions and all open years. 
Audit outcomes and the timing of audit settlements are subject to significant uncertainty. It is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months unrecognized tax benefits related to federal matters under audit may decrease by up to $ 710 based on current estimates.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
On December 16, 2019, we entered into an amendment and restatement agreement (the “Amendment and Restatement Agreement”) which amends and extends our unsecured $1.75 billion revolving credit facility we entered into on December 12, 2017 (as amended by the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, the “Revolving Credit Facility”), adding a sustainability-linked mechanism to the facility. Through the sustainability-linked mechanism, the interest rate under the Revolving Credit Facility is tied to five sustainability performance targets that highlight and measure the continued advancement of our sustainability initiatives across the following three areas: 1) reducing greenhouse gas emissions by improving industrial efficiency; 2) increasing traceability for main agricultural commodities; and 3) supporting increasing levels of adoption of sustainable practices across the wider soybean and palm supply chain. We may from time to time, with the consent of the agent, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments in an amount not to exceed $250 million pursuant to an accordion provision set forth in the Revolving Credit Facility. Pursuant to the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, the Revolving Credit Facility will mature on December 12, 2022. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin, which will vary from 0.30% to 1.30%, based on the senior long-term unsecured debt ratings provided by Moody’s Investors Services Inc. and S&P Global Ratings. Amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly in arrears at a rate of 35% of the margin specified above, which will vary based on the rating level at each such quarterly payment date. We also will pay a fee that will vary from 0.10% to 0.40% based on our utilization of the Revolving Credit Facility. We had no borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2019, under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
We had no borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2019 under our unsecured $1,100 million five-year syndicated revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with certain lenders party thereto maturing December 14, 2023. We have the option to request an extension of the maturity date of the Credit Agreement for two additional one-year periods, subject to the consent of the lenders. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.625%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt ("Rating Level"). Amounts under the Credit Agreement that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee at rates ranging from 0.09% to 0.225%, varying based on the Rating Level. We may, from time to time, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments under the Credit Agreement by up to $200 million pursuant to an accordion provision. 
We had no borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2019 under our unsecured $865 million revolving credit facility, maturing September 6, 2022 (the "2022 Facility"). Borrowings under the 2022 Facility bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.75% per annum, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt. Amounts under the 2022 Facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly based on the average undrawn portion of the 2022 Facility at rates ranging from 0.125% to 0.275%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile 
Marketing. Our Marketing service offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers. 
Commerce. Our Commerce service offering empowers brands to unify the customer experience across all points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. Through personalized shopping experiences and a robust partner ecosystem, our Commerce offering helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, loyalty and revenue from their customers.
