MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The Governance, Membership and Public Affairs Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our sustainable snacking and mindful snacking strategies. Our goals are part of our strategic planning process, and therefore, progress and key activities are regularly reported to the Board of Directors and the business leadership teams. Climate change, CO 2 emissions, energy, well-being and other sustainability matters are key focus areas in our strategy. 
We have been recognized for our ongoing economic, environmental and social contributions. Each year since we created Mondelēz International in 2012 we have been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (“DJSI”) – World and North American Indices. The DJSI selects the top 10% of global companies and top 20% of North American companies based on an extensive review of financial and sustainability programs within each industry. We are at the 97th percentile of our industry according to the latest DJSI report. 
We own numerous trademarks and patents in many countries around the world. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are renewable for fixed terms. We also have patents for a number of current and potential products. Our patents cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The maximum number of barrels per day that our NGL pipelines can transport depends on the operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each injection and delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our NGL pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 3,412 MBPD, 3,589 MBPD and 3,615 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
 • The Mid-America Pipeline System is an NGL pipeline system consisting of the 3,119-mile Rocky Mountain pipeline, the 2,023-mile Conway North pipeline, the 632-mile Ethane-Propane (“EP”) Mix pipeline, and the 2,088-mile Conway South pipeline. The Rocky Mountain pipeline transports mixed NGLs from production fields located in the Rocky Mountain Overthrust and San Juan Basin to the Hobbs NGL hub located on the Texas-New Mexico border. The Conway North segment links the NGL hub at Conway, Kansas to refineries, petrochemical plants and propane markets in the upper Midwest. NGL hubs provide buyers and sellers with a centralized location for the storage and pricing of products, while also providing connections to intrastate and/or interstate pipelines. The EP Mix segment transports EP mix from the Conway hub to petrochemical plants in Iowa and Illinois. The Conway South pipeline connects the Conway hub with Kansas refineries and provides bi-directional transportation of NGLs between the Conway and Hobbs hubs. At the Hobbs NGL hub, the Mid-America Pipeline System interconnects with our Seminole NGL Pipeline and Hobbs NGL fractionation and storage facility. The Mid-America Pipeline System is also connected to 18 non-regulated NGL terminals that we own and operate.
 • The South Texas NGL Pipeline System is a network of NGL gathering and transportation pipelines located in South Texas that gather and transport mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities (owned by either us or third parties) to our NGL fractionators located in South Texas and in Chambers County, Texas. In addition, this system transports purity NGL products from our South Texas NGL fractionators to refineries and petrochemical plants located between Corpus Christi, Texas and Houston, Texas and within the Texas City-Houston area, as well as to interconnects with other NGL pipelines and to our Chambers County storage complex. The South Texas NGL Pipeline System extends our ethane header system from Chambers County, Texas to Corpus Christi, Texas.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We rely on credit arrangements with banks, suppliers and other parties as an important source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by our operating cash flow. Future market volatility, generally, and any persistent weakness in global energy markets may adversely affect our ability to access capital and credit markets or to obtain funds at reasonable interest rates or on other advantageous terms. In addition, since our business is impacted by the availability of trade credit to fund fuel purchases, an actual or perceived decline in our liquidity or business generally could cause our suppliers to reduce our credit lines, seek credit support in the form of additional collateral or otherwise materially modify our payment terms. 
During times of high fuel prices, our customers may not be able to purchase as much fuel from us because of their credit limits with us and the resulting adverse impact on their business could cause them to be unable to make payments owed to us for fuel purchased on credit. Furthermore, when fuel prices increase our working capital requirements increase and our own credit limits could prevent us from purchasing enough fuel from our suppliers to meet our customers’ demands, or we could be required to prepay for fuel purchases, any of which would adversely impact our liquidity. 
Conversely, extended periods of low fuel prices, particularly when coupled with low price volatility, can also have an adverse effect on our results of operations and overall profitability. This can occur due to many factors, such as reduced demand for our price risk management products and decreased sales to our customers involved in the oil exploration sector. Low fuel prices also facilitate increased competition by reducing financial barriers to entry and enabling existing, lower-capitalized competitors to conduct more business as a result of lower working capital requirements.
