ALLSTATE CORP report:
Municipal: Comprise municipal bonds that are not rated by third-party credit rating agencies. The primary inputs to the valuation of these municipal bonds include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that exhibit less liquidity relative to those markets supporting Level 2 fair value measurements, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields and credit spreads. Also included are municipal bonds valued based on non-binding broker quotes where the inputs have not been corroborated to be market observable and municipal bonds in default valued based on the present value of expected cash flows. 
Corporate - public and privately placed, ABS and MBS: Primarily valued based on non-binding broker quotes where the inputs have not been corroborated to be market observable. Other inputs for corporate fixed income securities include an interest rate yield curve, as well as published credit spreads for similar assets that incorporate the credit quality and industry sector of the issuer. 
Equity securities:   The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices or quoted net asset values for identical or similar assets in markets that exhibit less liquidity relative to those markets supporting Level 2 fair value measurements.

BOEING CO report:
At December 31, 2018 and 2017 , commercial aircraft programs inventory included $ 116 and $ 151 of unamortized tooling costs related to the 747 program. At December 31, 2018 , $ 111 of 747 unamortized tooling costs are expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that have firm orders or commitments. The program accounting quantity includes one already completed aircraft which is being remarketed. 
Commercial aircraft programs inventory included amounts credited in cash or other consideration (early issue sales consideration) to airline customers totaling $ 2,844 and $ 2,976 at December 31, 2018 and 2017 . 
Unbilled receivables related to commercial customers expected to be collected after one year were $ 150 and $ 172 at December 31 , 2018 and 2017 . Unbilled receivables related to claims are items that we believe are earned, but are subject to uncertainty concerning their determination or ultimate realization.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into U.S. dollars. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also, certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local 
currency denominated assets. Local currency loans in U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the U.S. are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange (losses) gains - net. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we recorded a foreign currency loss on net debt of $78 million versus a foreign currency gain on net debt for the year ended December 31, 2020 of $206 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile Net income to Cash used for operating activities in the line item "Foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. This adjustment is required as the gains and losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations. 
Investing: Cash provided by investing activities was $5,113 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to $1,813 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of $3,300 million. The increase was primarily due to higher net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables as well as proceeds from the sales of our United States interior grain elevators and oils facilities in Rotterdam and in Mexico, partially offset by increased net payments for investments for the year ended December 31, 2021.
