BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In Asia, we offer a range of consumer and B2B products. In India, our consumer brands include Dalda , Ginni  and Chambal  in edible oils; Dalda  and Gagan  in vanaspati; and Masterline  in professional bakery fats. In China, we offer consumer edible oil products under the Dou Wei Jia brand. The Bunge Loders Croklaan product line also includes bakery, culinary, confectionary and infant nutrition product offerings. 
Customers —Our customers include baked goods companies, snack food producers, confectioners, restaurant chains, foodservice operators, infant nutrition companies and other food manufacturers who use vegetable oils and shortenings as ingredients in their operations, as well as grocery chains, wholesalers, distributors and other retailers who sell to consumers under our brand names or under private labels. These customers include global and national food processors and manufacturers, many of which are leading brand owners in their product categories. 
Competition —Competition is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capabilities and cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, innovation, technical support, new product introductions, composition and nutritional value and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised, well-

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
5G Nationwide uses low and mid-band spectrum and dynamic spectrum sharing (DSS) technology, which allows 5G service to run simultaneously with 4G LTE on multiple spectrum bands. With DSS, whenever customers move outside Verizon’s high-band Ultra Wideband coverage area, their 5G-enabled devices will remain on 5G technology using the lower spectrum bands where the 5G Nationwide network is available. This allows us to more fully and effectively utilize our current spectrum resources to serve both 4G and 5G customers. 
The wireless network technology platform that carries the majority of our wireless traffic is 4G LTE, which provides higher data throughput performance for data services at a lower cost compared to that offered by 3G technology. As of December 31, 2021, our 4G LTE network covers approximately 328 million people, including those in areas served by our LTE in Rural America partners. Under this program, we have collaborated with wireless carriers in rural areas to build and operate a 4G LTE network using each carrier’s network assets with our core 4G LTE equipment and 700 Megahertz (MHz) C Block and Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) spectrum. LTE Home Internet, our home broadband internet service, leverages the Verizon 4G LTE network. 
We consider the reliability, coverage and speed of our wireless network to be key factors for our continued success. We believe that steady and consistent network and platform investments provide the foundation for innovative products and services. As we design and deploy our network, we focus on the number of successful data sessions the network enables, delivering on our advertised throughput speeds, and the number of calls that are connected on the first attempt and completed without being dropped. We utilize three strategies to maintain the quality of our network: increasing the density of our network elements, deploying new technologies as they are developed and putting additional wireless spectrum into service.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. 
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple cloud services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, including the determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting and the determination of standalone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation, particularly for products and services that are not sold separately. 
Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management’s judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment.
