ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We use futures and swaps to achieve ratable pricing of crude oil purchases, to convert certain expected refined product sales to fixed or floating prices, to lock in margins for certain refined products and to lock in the price of a portion of natural gas purchases or sales. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. 
We use financial commodity derivatives to take advantage of market opportunities in our trading activities which complement our transportation and storage segment’s operations and are netted in cost of products sold in our consolidated statements of operations. We also have trading and marketing activities related to power and natural gas in our all other segment which are also netted in cost of products sold. As a result of our trading activities and the use of derivative financial instruments in our transportation and storage segment, the degree of earnings volatility that can occur may be significant, favorably or unfavorably, from period to period. We attempt to manage this volatility through the use of daily position and profit and loss reports provided to our risk oversight committee, which includes members of senior management, and the limits and authorizations set forth in our commodity risk management policy. 
The tables below summarize commodity-related financial derivative instruments, fair values and the effect of an assumed hypothetical 10% change in the underlying price of the commodity as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 for ETO and Sunoco LP, including derivatives related to their respective subsidiaries. Dollar amounts are presented in millions.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and equity method investments are recorded at fair value only if an impairment or observable price adjustment is recognized in the current period. If an impairment or observable price adjustment is recognized on the Company's non-marketable equity securities during the period, the Company classifies these assets as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy based on the nature of the fair value inputs. 
The Company classified privately held debt and equity securities and equity method investments as Level 3. The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and equity method investments amounted to $866 million  as of January 31, 2019  and $653 million  as of January 31, 2018 . 
Computers, equipment and software at January 31, 2019  and January 31, 2018  included a total of $671 million  and $709 million  acquired under capital lease agreements, respectively. Accumulated amortization relating to computers, equipment and software acquired under capital leases totaled $480 million  and $450 million , respectively, at January 31, 2019  and January 31, 2018 . Amortization of assets acquired under capital leases is included in depreciation and amortization expense.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Repurchased shares of common stock are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act. The par value of repurchased shares is deducted from common stock and the excess repurchase price over par value is deducted by allocation to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. The amount allocated to additional paid-in capital is the current value of additional paid-in capital per share outstanding and is applied to the number of shares repurchased. Any remaining amount is allocated to retained earnings. See Note 6  for additional information. 
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, providing for changes in the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The guidance requires disclosures sufficient to describe the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows. The Company adopted the standard in the first quarter of 2019, using the modified retrospective approach, and recorded a cumulative effect adjustment of $16 as an increase to retained earnings, which is included in cash dividend declared and other in the consolidated statements of equity. 
The standard impacted the presentation and timing of certain revenue transactions. Specifically, the changes included gross presentation of the Company’s estimate of merchandise returns reserve and the related recoverable assets, recognizing shop card breakage over the period of redemption, and accelerating the recognition of certain e-commerce and special-order sales. Additionally, the Company’s evaluation under the standard of its status as a principal in certain revenue arrangements resulted in the recognition of additional sales on a gross basis.
