ALLSTATE CORP report:
Commitments to invest, commitments to purchase private placement securities, commitments to fund loans, financial guarantees and credit guarantees have off-balance sheet risk because their contractual amounts are not recorded in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (see Notes 7 and 14). 
The Company consolidates VIEs when it is the primary beneficiary. A primary beneficiary is the variable interest holder in a VIE with both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses, or the right to receive benefits, that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
The local currency of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is deemed to be the functional currency of the country in which these subsidiaries operate. The financial statements of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the end of a reporting period for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates during the period for results of operations.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In April 2017, we exercised our option to buy NextLink for approximately   $0.5 billion , subject to certain adjustments, of which   $0.3 billion   was prepaid in the first quarter of 2017. The transaction closed in January 2018. The acquisition of NextLink was accounted for as an asset acquisition, as substantially all of the value related to the acquired spectrum. Upon closing, we recorded approximately $0.7 billion   of wireless licenses, $0.1 billion   of a deferred tax liability and   $0.1 billion   of other liabilities. The spectrum acquired as part of the transaction will be used for our 5G technology deployment . 
In August 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to purchase certain fiber-optic network assets in the Chicago market from   WideOpenWest, Inc. ( WOW! ) , a leading provider of communications services. The transaction closed in December 2017. In addition, the parties entered into a separate agreement pursuant to which WOW! will complete the build-out of the network assets in 2019. The total cash consideration for the transactions is approximately   $0.3 billion , of which   $0.2 billion   was received in December 2017. 
Additional information regarding these strategic transactions is included in the 2018  Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company considers all of its marketable debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classifies these securities within current assets on the consolidated  balance sheets. Securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value, with the change in unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component on the consolidated  statements of comprehensive income until realized. Fair value is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Declines in fair value judged to be other-than-temporary on securities available for sale are included as a reduction to investment income. To determine whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary, the Company evaluates, among other factors: the duration and extent to which the fair value has been less than the carrying value and its intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. For the purposes of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses, the cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. Interest on securities classified as available for sale is included as a component of investment income. 
The Company holds strategic investments in publicly held equity securities and privately held debt and equity securities in which the Company does not have a controlling interest or significant influence. Publicly held equity securities are measured using quoted prices in their respective active markets with changes recorded through gains (losses) on strategic investments, net 
on the consolidated  statement of operations. Privately held equity securities without a readily determinable fair value are recorded at cost and adjusted for impairments and observable price changes with a same or similar security from the same issuer and are recorded through gains (losses) on strategic investments, net on the consolidated  statement of operations. Privately held debt securities are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through accumulated other comprehensive income on the consolidated  balance sheet. If, based on the terms of these publicly traded and privately held securities, the Company determines that the Company exercises significant influence on the entity to which these securities relate, the Company will apply the equity method of accounting for such investments.
