BOEING CO report:
461   ( 1 ) ( 93 ) ( 247 ) 120   Municipal 3   2   67   72   Sovereign ( 1 ) 2   1   2   Equity securities: Non-U.S. common and preferred stock 2   2   Real assets 4   ( 2 ) 2   Total $ 472   $ 2   ($ 71 ) ($ 163 ) $ 240   
For the year ended December 31, 2020, the changes in unrealized gains/(losses) for Level 3 assets still held at December 31, 2020 were $ 2 for corporate, $ 1 for mortgage backed and asset backed fixed income securities, $ 3 for municipal bonds and ($ 1 ) for sovereign. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the changes in unrealized gains/(losses) for Level 3 assets still held at December 31, 2019 were $ 10 for mortgage backed and asset backed fixed income securities and ($ 1 ) for non-U.S. common and preferred stock equity securities. 
OPB Plan Assets The majority of OPB plan assets are invested in a balanced index fund which is comprised of approximately 60 % equities and 40 % debt securities. The index fund is valued using a market approach based on the quoted market price of an identical instrument (Level 1). The expected rate of return on these assets does not have a material effect on the net periodic benefit cost.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Borrowings under the revolving credit facilities that have maturities greater than one year from the date of the consolidated balance sheets are classified as long-term debt, consistent with the long-term maturity of the underlying facilities. However, individual borrowings under the revolving credit facilities are generally short-term in nature, bear interest at variable rates and can be repaid or renewed as each such individual borrowing matures. 
 On December 14, 2018, we entered into an unsecured $1,100 million five-year syndicated revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with certain lenders party thereto maturing December 14, 2023. We have the option to request an extension of the maturity date of the Credit Agreement for two additional one-year periods, subject to the consent of the lenders. The Credit Agreement replaced the then existing $1,100 million five-year revolving credit agreement, dated as of November 20, 2014, which was terminated by us in accordance with its terms. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.625%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt ("Rating Level"). Amounts under the Credit Agreement that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee at rates ranging from 0.09% to 0.225%, varying based on the Rating Level. We may, from time-to-time, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments under the Credit Agreement by up to $200 million pursuant to an accordion provision. At December 31, 2018, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 
On May 1, 2018, in connection with our previously announced strategy to reduce our exposure to the sugar milling business in Brazil, we entered into an unsecured $700 million, five-year revolving credit facility, which upon fulfillment of certain conditions is convertible into a non-recourse secured term loan facility with our sugar milling business as the borrower. This facility provides financial flexibility to fund our sugar milling business on a stand-alone basis. Additionally, subject to lender approval, we may request an increase, in an amount not to exceed $100 million, to the revolving credit facility commitments pursuant to an accordion provision set forth in the revolving credit facility. There were no borrowings outstanding under the facility at December 31, 2018.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
DAC related to interest-sensitive life insurance is amortized in proportion to the incidence of the total present value of gross profits, which includes both actual historical gross profits (“AGP”) and estimated future gross profits (“EGP”) expected to be earned over the estimated lives of the contracts. The amortization is net of interest on the prior period DAC balance using rates established at the inception of the contracts. Actual amortization periods generally range from 15-30 years; however, incorporating estimates of the rate of customer surrenders, partial withdrawals and deaths generally results in the majority of the DAC being amortized during the surrender charge period, which is typically 10-20 years for interest-sensitive life. The rate of DAC amortization is reestimated and adjusted by a cumulative charge or credit to income when there is a difference between the incidence of actual versus expected gross profits in a reporting period or when there is a change in total EGP. 
AGP and EGP primarily consist of the following components: contract charges for the cost of insurance less mortality costs and other benefits (benefit margin); investment income and realized capital gains and losses less interest credited (investment margin); and surrender and other contract charges less maintenance expenses (expense margin). The principal assumptions for determining the amount of EGP are mortality, persistency, expenses, investment returns, including capital gains and losses on assets supporting contract liabilities, interest crediting rates to contractholders, and the effects of any hedges, and these assumptions are reasonably likely to have the greatest impact on the amount of DAC amortization. Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to reasonably predict their future movements or offsetting impacts over time. 
This amortization process includes an assessment of AGP compared to EGP, the actual amount of business remaining in force and realized capital gains and losses on investments supporting the product liability. The impact of realized capital gains and losses on amortization of DAC depends upon which product liability is supported by the assets that give rise to the gain or loss. If the AGP is greater than EGP in the period, but the total EGP is unchanged, the amount of DAC amortization will generally increase, resulting in a current period decrease to earnings. The opposite result generally occurs when the AGP is less than the EGP in the period, but the total EGP is unchanged. However, when DAC amortization or a component of gross profits for a quarterly period is potentially negative (which would result in an increase of the DAC balance) as a result of negative AGP, the specific facts and circumstances surrounding the potential negative amortization are considered to determine whether it is appropriate for recognition in the consolidated financial statements. Negative amortization is only recorded when the increased DAC balance is determined to be recoverable based on facts and circumstances. For products whose supporting investments are exposed to capital losses in excess of our expectations which may cause periodic AGP to become temporarily negative, EGP and AGP utilized in DAC amortization may be modified to exclude the excess capital losses.
