ALLSTATE CORP report:
ranges or targets for investments that best meet business objectives in light of the unique demands and characteristics of the product liabilities and are intended to result in a prudent, methodical and effective adjudication of market risk and return. The pending sale of ALIC and certain affiliates is expected to decrease Allstate Life, Allstate Annuities and total consolidated portfolios by approximately 85%, 80% and 30%, respectively. 
• Scenario analysis, an estimate of the potential changes in the fair value of a portfolio that could occur under hypothetical market conditions defined by changes to multiple market risk factors: interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices or currency exchange rates 
In general, we establish investment portfolio asset allocation and market risk limits based upon a combination of these measures. The asset allocation limits place restrictions on the total funds that may be invested within an asset class. Comprehensive day-to-day management of market risk within defined tolerance ranges occurs as portfolio managers buy and sell within their respective markets based upon the acceptable boundaries established by investment policies. Although we apply a similar overall philosophy to market risk, the underlying business frameworks and the accounting and regulatory environments may differ between our products and therefore affect investment decisions and risk parameters.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date within the consolidated statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within net gains (or losses) on strategic investments in the consolidated statement of operations. 
Effective at the start of fiscal 2020, the Company adopted the provisions and expanded disclosure requirements described in Topic 842. The Company adopted the standard using the modified retrospective method. Accordingly, the results for the prior comparable periods were not adjusted to conform to the current period measurement or recognition of results. 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and other noncurrent liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.

BOEING CO report:
At December 31, 2019 , our allowance related to receivables with ratings of B, BB and BBB. We applied default rates that averaged 22.1 % , 5.3 % and 0.6 % , respectively, to the exposure associated with those receivables. 
Customer financing is collateralized by security in the related asset. The value of the collateral is closely tied to commercial airline performance and overall market conditions and may be subject to reduced valuation with market decline. Declines in collateral values could result in asset impairments, reduced finance lease income, and an increase in the allowance for losses. Our customer financing collateral is concentrated in 747-8 and out-of-production aircraft. Generally, out-of-production aircraft have experienced greater collateral value declines than in-production aircraft. 
As part of selected lease transactions, Boeing may provide incentives to commercial customers. At December 31, 2018 , Customer Financing included $ 250 of lease incentives with one customer that experienced liquidity issues. In the first quarter of 2019, we concluded that these lease incentives were impaired and recorded a charge of $ 250 .
