ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
(a) A mix of index funds and actively managed equity accounts that are benchmarked to various large cap indices. (b) A mix of index funds and actively managed equity accounts that are benchmarked to various mid and small cap indices. 
(c) A mix of index funds and actively managed pooled investment funds that are benchmarked to various non-U.S. equity indices in both developed and emerging markets. (d) A mix of index funds and actively managed accounts that are benchmarked to various U.S. government bond indices. (e) A mix of index funds and actively managed accounts that are benchmarked to various corporate bond indices. (f) Primarily United Kingdom, Japan and Irish government-issued bonds. In 2017, included Netherlands bonds. (g) Primarily asset backed securities and an actively managed, diversified fixed income vehicle benchmarked to the one-month Libor / Euribor. (h) Primarily funds invested by managers that have a global mandate with the flexibility to allocate capital broadly across a wide range of asset classes and strategies including, but not limited to equities, fixed income, commodities, interest rate futures, currencies and other securities to outperform an agreed upon benchmark with specific return and volatility targets. (i) Primarily investments in liquid commodity future contracts and private energy funds. (j) Primarily investments in private funds, such as private equity, private credit and private real estate. (k) In accordance with ASU 2015-07, investments measured at fair value using the NAV practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet. 
Equities that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the net asset value (NAV) provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per month, with a required 7 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2018 and 2017. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly, with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
critical and declining status, based on criteria established under the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”), and is generally less than 65% funded. Plans are generally considered “critical and declining” if they are projected to become insolvent within 20 years. A plan in the yellow zone has been determined to be in endangered status, based on criteria established under the Code, and is generally less than 80% but more than 65% funded. A plan in the green zone has been determined to be neither in critical status nor in endangered status, and is generally at least 80% funded. 
• The FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan (“FIP”) or a rehabilitation plan (“RP”) is either pending or has been implemented. In addition to regular plan contributions, participating employers may be subject to a surcharge if the plan is in the red zone. 
The following table provides information about the Company’s contributions to its multiemployer pension plans. For plans that are not individually significant to the Company, the total amount of the Company’s contributions is aggregated.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We distribute our products through direct store delivery, company-owned and satellite warehouses, distribution centers, third party distributors and other facilities. We use the services of independent sales offices and agents in some of our international locations. Through our global digital commerce organization and capabilities, we pursue online growth with partners in key markets around the world, including both pure e-tailers and omni-channel retailers. We continue to invest in advertising and consumer promotions, talent and digital capabilities. Our digital commerce channel strategies play a critical role in our ambition to be the global leader in snacking. 
We conduct marketing efforts through three principal sets of activities: (i) consumer marketing and advertising including digital and social media, on-air, print, outdoor and other product promotions; (ii) consumer sales incentives such as coupons and rebates; and (iii) trade promotions to support price features, displays and other merchandising of our products by our customers. 
We work to understand consumer needs and deliver snacks with consistent quality and taste. We continue to invest in a global network of technical centers to research and support our growth while continuing to innovate our processes. Our innovation and new product development objectives include continuous improvement in food safety and quality, growth through new products, superior consumer satisfaction and reduced production costs. Our innovation efforts focus on anticipating consumer demands and adapting quickly to changing market trends. We work to test-and-learn new ideas and implement successful ones into other areas of our business. Mindful snacking and sustainability are a significant focus of our current research and development initiatives. We work to introduce new varieties of our core products, including new taste or nutrition profiles based on consumer preferences, such as Cadbury Dairy Milk chocolate bars with 30% less sugar, Sugar-free Oreos and the Cadbury Plant Bar , a vegan (100% plant-based) sustainably-sourced cocoa chocolate bar wrapped in plant-based packaging. We aim to address consumer needs and market trends and leverage scalable innovation platforms, sustainability programs and breakthrough technologies in order to delight our consumers and fuel our growth. We are focusing our technical research and development resources at 12 technical centers around the globe to drive growth, creativity, greater effectiveness, improved efficiency and accelerated project delivery.
