ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We use NGL and crude derivative swap contracts to hedge forecasted sales of NGL and condensate equity volumes we retain for fees in our midstream segment whereby our subsidiaries generally gather and process natural gas on behalf of producers, sell the resulting residue gas and NGL volumes at market prices and remit to producers an agreed upon percentage of the proceeds based on an index price for the residue gas and NGL. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. 
We utilize swaps, futures and other derivative instruments to mitigate the risk associated with market movements in the price of refined products and NGLs to manage our storage facilities and the purchase and sale of purity NGL. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. 
We use futures and swaps to achieve ratable pricing of crude oil purchases, to convert certain expected refined product sales to fixed or floating prices, to lock in margins for certain refined products and to lock in the price of a portion of natural gas purchases or sales. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
International Networks generated revenues of $3.7 billion and Adjusted OIBDA of $723 million during 2020, which represented 35% and 17% of our total consolidated revenues and Adjusted OIBDA, respectively. Our International Networks segment principally consists of national and pan-regional television networks and brands that are delivered across multiple distribution platforms. This segment generates revenue from operations in virtually every pay-TV market in the world through an infrastructure that includes operational centers in London, Amsterdam, Warsaw, Milan, Singapore and Miami. Global brands include Discovery Channel, Food Network, HGTV, Animal Planet, TLC, ID, Science and MotorTrend (known as Turbo outside of the U.S.), along with brands exclusive to International Networks, including Eurosport, Discovery Kids, DMAX, Discovery Home & Health, and TVN. TVN was acquired in March 2018, as part of our acquisition of Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (the "Scripps Acquisition"). As of December 31, 2020, International Networks operates unique distribution feeds in nearly 50 languages with channel feeds customized according to language needs and advertising sales opportunities. International Networks also has FTA networks in Europe and the Middle East and broadcast networks in Poland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland, and continues to pursue further international expansion. During 2020, we completed the acquisition of a German free-to-air general entertainment TV channel and completed an acquisition of an independent free-to-air commercial broadcaster in New Zealand. 
FTA and broadcast networks generate a significant portion of International Networks' revenue. The penetration and growth rates of television services vary across countries and territories depending on numerous factors including the dominance of different television platforms in local markets. While pay-TV services have greater penetration in certain markets, FTA or broadcast television is dominant in others. International Networks has a large international distribution platform with more than 80 networks, with as many as 23 networks distributed in any particular country or territory across more than 220 countries and territories around the world. International Networks pursues distribution across all television platforms based on the specific dynamics of local markets and relevant commercial agreements. 
With the growing demand for consumer content on digital and mobile devices, a suite of international DTC products has been made available to consumers. dplay, our real-life entertainment streaming service, was rebranded to our new global streaming service, discovery+, in the UK and Ireland during the fourth quarter of 2020. The remainder of the dplay markets, including the Nordics, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands, are expected to follow in 2021. Discovery expects to expand its DTC offering across more than 25 key markets in 2021 by leveraging its library of local-language content, as well as its broad portfolio of live sports. Eurosport’s existing streaming service, Eurosport Player, offers premium and localized sports to fans in 52 markets in Europe. This service is expected to continue to be available until discovery+ launches and Eurosport Player's content is fully integrated onto the service in those markets.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We have crude oil gathering and transportation pipelines located in Oklahoma, New Mexico and Texas. The results of operations from our crude oil pipelines are primarily dependent upon the volume of crude oil transported (or capacity reserved) and the associated fees we charge for such transportation services. Transportation fees charged to shippers are based on either tariffs regulated by governmental agencies, including the FERC, or contractual arrangements. See “Regulatory Matters” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 for information regarding governmental oversight of our liquids pipelines.
The maximum number of barrels per day that our crude oil pipelines can transport depends on the operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each delivery point and the grades of crude oil being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our crude oil pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 2,166 MBPD, 2,304 MBPD and 2,000 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
We operate our crude oil pipelines with the exception of the Basin Pipeline, Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System and Midland-to-ECHO 3. The following information describes our principal crude oil pipelines:
