WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Some of the charities in which we have participated recently include: Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts of Miami-Dade County; United Way; Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA); Jet Blue Swing for Good, which supports youth-oriented charities; Folds of Honor, which provides educational scholarships to spouses and children of America’s fallen and disabled service-members, and many more local and global institutions and organizations. 
This 2020 10-K Report and the information incorporated by reference in it, or made by us in other reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, teleconferences, industry conferences or otherwise, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “plan,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. Specifically, this 2020 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements about (i) the impact of the coronavirus pandemic ("COVID-19") on us and our customers, including our expectations about demand, volume, profitability and the impact of fuel prices, (ii) our expectations regarding the conditions in the aviation, land, and marine markets and their impact on our business, (iii) our expectations regarding government-related activity in Afghanistan with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the impact of the U.S. troop withdrawals, as well as the related profit contribution, (iv) our estimates regarding the expected benefits from our actions to reduce cost and our restructuring initiatives, including the rationalization of our global office footprint, (v) our expectations regarding our working capital, liquidity, capital expenditure requirements, (vi) our expectations and estimates regarding certain tax, legal and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, (vii) our expectations regarding the financial impact and other benefits of previous acquisitions, including estimates of future expenses and our ability to realize estimated synergies, and (viii) estimates regarding the financial impact of our derivative contracts. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosures contained in our SEC filings. 
These forward-looking statements are estimates and projections reflecting our best judgment and involve risks, uncertainties or other factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe the estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may prove to be incorrect. Our actual results may differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We enter into third-party guarantees primarily to cover long-term obligations of our vendors. As part of these transactions, we guarantee that third parties will make contractual payments or achieve performance measures. At December 31, 2018 , we had no material third-party guarantees recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. 
We are a party to various tax matter proceedings incidental to our business. These proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable outcomes could subject us to additional tax liabilities and could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial position. 
A tax indemnification matter related to our 2007 acquisition of the LU biscuit business was closed during the quarter ended June 30, 2018. The closure had no impact on net earnings, however, it did result in a $ 15 million tax benefit that was fully offset by an $ 11 million expense in selling, general and administrative expenses and a $ 4 million expense in interest and other expense, net.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We own and operate an octane enhancement production facility located in Chambers County, Texas that is designed to produce isobutylene and either isooctane or methyl tertiary butyl ether (“MTBE”). The products produced by this facility are used by refiners to increase octane values in reformulated motor gasoline blends. The high-purity isobutane feedstocks consumed in the production of these products are supplied by our isomerization units.
We sell our octane enhancement products at market-based prices. We attempt to mitigate the price risk associated with these products by entering into commodity derivative instruments. To the extent that we produce MTBE, it is sold exclusively into the export market. We measure the utilization of our octane enhancement facility in terms of its combined isooctane, isobutylene and MTBE production volumes, which averaged 14 MBPD, 15 MBPD and 24 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
We also own and operate a facility located on the Houston Ship Channel that produces up to 4 MBPD of HPIB and includes an associated storage facility with 0.6 MMBbls of related product storage capacity. The primary feedstock for this plant, an isobutane/isobutylene mix, is produced by our octane enhancement and iBDH facilities. HPIB is used in the production of polyisobutylene, which is used in the manufacture of lubricants and rubber. In general, we sell HPIB at market-based prices with a cost-based floor. On a weighted-average basis, utilization rates for this facility were 91.7%, 97.6% and 77.6% for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
