ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In January 2019, we received notice from the DOJ on behalf of the EPA that a civil penalty enforcement action was being pursued under the Clean Water Act for an estimated 450 barrel crude oil release from the Mid-Valley Pipeline operated by SPLP and owned by Mid-Valley Pipeline Corporation. The release purportedly occurred in October 2014 on a nature preserve located in Hamilton County, Ohio, near Cincinnati, Ohio. After discovery and notification of the release, SPLP conducted substantial emergency response, remedial work and primary restoration in three phases and the primary restoration has been acknowledged to be complete. Operation and maintenance (O&M) activities will continue for several years. In December of 2019, SPLP reached an agreement in principal with the EPA regarding payment of a civil penalty which will be subject to public comment. The DOJ, on behalf of United States Department of Interior Fish and Wildlife, and the Ohio Attorney General, on behalf of the Ohio EPA, along with technical representatives from those agencies have been discussing natural resource damage assessment claims related to state endangered species and compensatory restoration. The timing and outcome of these matters cannot be reasonably determined at this time; however, we do not expect there to be a material impact to our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
After an inadvertent return (“IR”) occurred on August 10, 2020 in Chester County, Pennsylvania that resulted in a discharge to Marsh Creek State Park, on September 11, 2020, the PADEP issued an Administrative Order that ordered SPLP to cease all construction at the location, grout the borehole, and perform a 1.01-mile reroute of the 20-inch pipeline in the area. SPLP filed a Notice of Appeal with the Pennsylvania Environmental Hearing Board (“EHB”) on September 25, 2020, and subsequently filed a Petition for Supersedeas on October 8, 2020. On December 16, 2020, the EHB partially granted SPLP’s Petition for Supersedeas, suspending the requirements of the Administrative Order to re-route the 20-inch pipeline and grout the HDD borehole. Following the decision, SPLP negotiated with PADEP to change the method of installation for the 20-inch pipeline from HDD to an open cut along an alternative route near to the original right-of-way. SPLP submitted a major permit modification to PADEP on October 7, 2021, to reflect the change in construction method and location. On December 6, 2021, a settlement was reached that resolved the EHB appeal through a Consent Order & Agreement (“COA”). The COA allowed PADEP to issue the major permit modification so that the 20-inch pipeline installation could be completed. As part of the COA, 
SPLP paid a $341,000 civil penalty to PADEP, SPLP paid a $4 million settlement to the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for alleged natural resource damages to Marsh Creek State Park, SPLP agreed to complete the restoration of a wetland and stream in the area, and SPLP agreed to complete a restoration and dredging project in a portion of Marsh Creek State Park known as “Ranger Cove.” The 20-inch pipeline has now been fully installed in the area, and restoration of the wetland and streams have been completed. The restoration and dredging project at Ranger Cove is anticipated to take place in 2022.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Other Countries. Since we sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in over 80 countries, we monitor economic and currency-related risks and seek to take protective measures in response to these exposures. Some of the countries in which we do business have recently experienced periods of significant economic uncertainty and exchange rate volatility, including Brazil, China, Mexico, Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Egypt, Nigeria, South Africa and Pakistan. We continue to monitor operations, currencies and net monetary exposures in these countries. At this time, we do not anticipate that these countries are at risk of becoming highly inflationary economies. 
We account for transfers of financial assets, such as uncommitted revolving non-recourse accounts receivable factoring arrangements, when we have surrendered control over the related assets. Determining whether control has transferred requires an evaluation of relevant legal considerations, an assessment of the nature and extent of our continuing involvement with the assets transferred and any other relevant considerations. We use receivable factoring arrangements periodically when circumstances are favorable to manage liquidity. We have nonrecourse factoring arrangements in which we sell eligible trade receivables primarily to banks in exchange for cash. We may then continue to collect the receivables sold, acting solely as a collecting agent on behalf of the banks. The outstanding principal amount of receivables under these arrangements amounted to $ 819 million as of December 31, 2018 , $ 843 million as of December 31, 2017 and $ 677 million as of December 31, 2016 . The incremental costs of factoring receivables under this arrangement were $ 10 million or less in each of the years presented. The proceeds from the sales of receivables are included in cash from operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost and depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Machinery and equipment are depreciated over periods ranging from 3 to 20 years and buildings and building improvements over periods up to 40 years.

SALESFORCE INC report:
estimated fair values, the Company recorded $851 million  of intangible assets and $3.4 billion  of goodwill. The majority of the goodwill balance associated with these business combinations is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations reflects the fair value of future billings of amounts that are contractually committed by acquired companies' existing customers as of the acquisition date. Customer contract assets are amortized over the corresponding contract terms. Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations at January 31, 2019  and January 31, 2018  were $121 million  and $159 million , respectively, which is included in “Other assets” on the consolidated  balance sheets. 
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets   acquired. Goodwill amounts are not amortized, but rather tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter.
