ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations are reported under four business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services, (ii) Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, (iii) Natural Gas Pipelines & Services and (iv) Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed according to the types of services rendered (or technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold. 
 • Our NGL Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities, NGL pipelines, NGL fractionation facilities, NGL and related product storage facilities, and NGL marine terminals.
 • Our Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas pipeline systems that provide for the gathering, treating and transportation of natural gas. This segment also includes our natural gas marketing activities.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The risk-free interest rate represents the constant maturity U.S. government treasuries rate with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the options. The expected life is the period over which our employees are expected to hold their options. Volatility reflects historical movements in our stock price for a period commensurate with the expected life of the options. The dividend yield reflects the dividend yield in place at the time of the historical grants. 
Cash received from options exercised was $ 369 million in 2019 , $ 231 million in 2018 and $ 257 million in 2017 . The actual tax benefit realized and recorded in the provision for income taxes for the tax deductions from the option exercises totaled $ 40 million in 2019 , $ 21 million in 2018 and $ 31 million in 2017 . 
Historically we have made grants of deferred stock units, performance share units and restricted stock. Beginning in 2016, we only grant deferred stock units and performance share units and no longer grant restricted stock. Deferred stock units granted to eligible employees have most shareholder rights, except that they may not sell, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber the shares and our deferred stock units do not have voting rights until vested. Shares of deferred stock units are subject to forfeiture if certain employment conditions are not met. Deferred stock units generally vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. Performance share units granted under our 2005 Plan vest based on varying performance, market and service conditions. The unvested performance share units have no voting rights and do not pay dividends. Dividend equivalents accumulated over the vesting period are paid only after the performance share units vest.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Investments in entities or other securities in which the Company has no control or significant influence, is not the primary beneficiary, and have a readily determinable fair value are recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are classified as equity securities or equity investments with readily determinable fair value. (See Note 4.) For equity securities with readily determinable fair value, realized gains and losses are recorded in other income (expense), net. (See Note 20.) 
Equity investments without readily determinable fair value include ownership rights that either (i) do not meet the definition of in-substance common stock or (ii) do not provide the Company with control or significant influence and these investments do not have readily determinable fair values. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are recorded at cost, less any impairment, and adjusted for subsequent observable price changes as of the date that an observable transaction takes place and are recorded in other income (expense), net. (See Note 20.) 
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairments. Internal use software costs are capitalized during the application development stage. Software costs incurred during the preliminary project and post implementation stages are expensed as incurred. Repairs and maintenance expenditures that do not enhance the use or extend the life of property and equipment are expensed as incurred. Depreciation for most property and equipment is recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. (See Note 20.)
