ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• molecular diagnostics polymerase chain reaction (PCR) instrument systems, including Alinity ® m and m2000™ that automate the extraction, purification, and preparation of DNA and RNA from patient samples, and detect and measure infectious agents including HIV, hepatitis, HPV, sexually transmitted infections, SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A & B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV); and products for oncology with the Vysis ® FISH product line of genomic-based tests; 
• rapid diagnostics lateral flow testing products in the area of infectious diseases such as SARS-CoV-2, including the BinaxNOW ® and Panbio ® rapid testing platforms, influenza, HIV, hepatitis, and tropical diseases such as malaria and dengue fever; molecular point-of-care testing for HIV, including the m-PIMA ® HIV-1/2 Viral Load Test, and for SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A & B, RSV and strep A, including the ID NOW ® rapid molecular system; cardiometabolic testing, including Afinion ® and Cholestech LDX ® platforms and tests; a toxicology business for drug and alcohol testing; and consumer self-testing; and 
• informatics and automation solutions for use in laboratories, including laboratory automation systems such as the GLP systems track™, the RALS ® point of care solution, and AlinIQ ® , a suite of informatics tools and professional services.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2022, we had 73,541 employees, of which approximately 55 percent were located in the United States and 45 percent were located internationally and approximately 36 percent identified as women, 64 percent identified as men and less than 1 percent identified as non-binary. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. 
Our ability to attract and retain the best talent is even more important as our employees adapt to a new normal with how and where we work. Maintaining a strong company culture, in a remote environment, and at a time of rapid growth in our workforce remains a priority throughout our human capital management programs. We have relied on our Success From Anywhere approach to help us effectively manage our workforce during this time and have continued to invest in equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives, development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 
Success from Anywhere provides employees three new ways of working: Office-Flexible, Home-Based, and Office-Based. We leverage Flex Team Agreements to empower teams to decide how, when, and where they work, including how many days a week they come into the office and what kind of work they will continue to do at home. Flex Team Agreements help us think through and provide clarity on what’s most important in how and where we show up, work, stay connected, and nurture our culture. As we return to the office, health and safety remain a top priority and we have leveraged our own tools, such as work.com and Dreampass, to allow our employees to come together safely.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company offers merchandise in the following core merchandise categories: foods and sundries, non-foods (previously hardlines and softlines), and fresh foods. The Company also provides expanded products and services through warehouse ancillary and other businesses. The majority of revenue from merchandise sales is recognized at the point of sale. Revenue generated through e-commerce or special orders is generally recognized upon shipment to the member. For merchandise shipped directly to the member, shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred as fulfillment costs and included in merchandise costs in the consolidated statements of income. In certain ancillary businesses, revenue is deferred until the member picks up merchandise at the warehouse. Deferred sales are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The Company is the principal for the majority of its transactions and recognizes revenue on a gross basis. The Company is the principal when it has control of the merchandise or service before it is transferred to the member, which generally is established when Costco is primarily responsible for merchandising decisions, maintains the relationship with the member, including assurance of member service and satisfaction, and has pricing discretion. 
The Company accounts for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, ratably over the one-year membership period. Deferred membership fees at the end of 2021 and 2020 were $ 2,042 and $ 1,851 , respectively.
