MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Examples of laws and regulations that affect our business include workplace safety regulations; selective food taxes; labeling requirements such as front-of-pack labeling based on nutrient profiles; sales or media and marketing restrictions such as those on promotions or advertising products with specified nutrient profiles on certain channels or platforms or during certain hours of the day; sanctions on sales or sourcing of raw materials; potential withdrawal of cross-border trade concessions as retaliation or imposition of new border barriers for other reasons; changes in the corporate tax policies of the United States and other countries; and packaging taxes. In addition, at least 25 countries in the European Union have implemented extended producer responsibility (“EPR”) policies as part of national packaging waste policies that make manufacturers responsible for the cost of recycling food and beverage packaging after consumers use it. These range from mandatory regulations to voluntary agreements between government and industry to voluntary industry initiatives. EPR policies are also being contemplated in other jurisdictions around the world, including certain states in the United States. 
Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multinational environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. We are also subject to legislation designed to reduce emissions from greenhouse gases, and many countries are considering introducing carbon taxes that could increase our production costs or those of our suppliers. 
We continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. Also refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for additional information on government regulations and currency-related impacts on our operations in the United Kingdom, Argentina and other countries.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents changes in cash and cash equivalents (in millions). 
Cash provided by operating activities was $4,304 million and $2,798 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in net income, excluding non-cash items, and working capital initiatives, partially offset by other negative fluctuations in working capital activity. 
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $3,524 million and $(56) million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in cash provided by investing activities was primarily attributable to proceeds received from cash acquired during the Merger and the post-closing working capital settlement process and cash received from the unwind and settlement of derivative instruments, partially offset by increased purchases of property and equipment and a reduction in cash received from the sales and maturities of investments during the year ended December 31, 2022.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Central Treating Facility is located in Rio Blanco County, Colorado and serves producers in the Piceance Basin. Natural gas delivered to the treating facility is treated to remove impurities and transported to our Meeker gas plant for further processing. 
Our natural gas marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of natural gas purchased from producers, regional natural gas processing plants and on the open market. Our natural gas marketing customers include local gas distribution companies and electric utility plants. The results of operations from our natural gas marketing activities are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between natural gas sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our assets. In general, sales prices referenced in the underlying contracts are market-based and may include pricing differentials for factors such as delivery location. 
We are exposed to commodity price risk to the extent that we take title to natural gas volumes in connection with our natural gas marketing activities and certain intrastate natural gas transportation contracts. In addition, we purchase and resell natural gas for certain producers that use our San Juan, Piceance, Permian Basin and Jonah Gathering Systems and certain segments of our Acadian Gas and Texas Intrastate Systems. Also, several of our natural gas gathering systems, while not providing marketing services, have some exposure to risks related to fluctuations in commodity prices through transportation arrangements with shippers. For example, nearly all of the transportation revenues generated by our San Juan Gathering System are based on a percentage of a regional natural gas price index. This index may fluctuate based on a variety of factors, including changes in natural gas supply and consumer demand. We attempt to mitigate these price risks through the use of commodity derivative instruments. For a discussion of our commodity hedging program, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report.
