VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Advanced Communications Services. We offer a suite of services to our customers to help them communicate with their employees, partners, vendors, constituents and customers. These products include Internet Protocol (IP)-based voice services, unified communications and collaboration tools and customer contact center solutions. 
Security services . We offer a suite of management and data security services that help our customers protect, detect and respond to security threats to their networks, data, applications and infrastructure. 
Core services . We provide a portfolio of domestic and global voice and data solutions utilizing traditional telecommunications technology, including voice calling, messaging services, conferencing, contact center solutions and private line and data access networks. Core services also include the provision of customer premises equipment, and installation, maintenance and site services.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
In May 2019, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MapAnything, Inc. ("MapAnything"), which integrates map-based visualization, asset tracking and route optimization for field sales and service teams. The Company has included the financial results of MapAnything, which are not material, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MapAnything was approximately $ 213 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 53 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of four to five years . The Company recorded approximately $ 152 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating MapAnything's technology with the Company's other offerings. The majority of the goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Financing Arrangements and Outstanding Indebtedness —We conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the Company with efficient access to debt and capital markets. This structure includes a master trust, the primary assets of which comprise intercompany loans made to Bunge Limited and its subsidiaries. Certain of Bunge Limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, Bunge Limited Finance Corp., Bunge Finance Europe B.V., and Bunge Asset Funding Corp., fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. Borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by Bunge Limited. 
Revolving Credit Facilities —At December 31, 2022, Bunge had $6,665 million unused and available committed borrowing capacity comprising committed revolving credit facilities and the commercial paper program, totaling $5,665 million with a number of financial institutions, in addition to $1,000 million in committed unsecured delayed draw term loans. The following table summarizes these facilities for the years presented: 
Maturities December 31, 2022 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021     Commercial paper 2026 $ 600   $ —   $ — Revolving credit facilities $1.1 Billion 364-day Revolving Credit Agreement (2)
