ALLSTATE CORP report:
• The Risk and Return Committee (“RRC”) of the Allstate Board oversees effectiveness of the ERRM program, governance structure and risk-related decision-making, while focusing on the Company’s overall risk profile. 
• The Enterprise Risk and Return Council (“ERRC”), directs ERRM by establishing risk and return targets, determining economic capital levels and monitoring integrated strategies and actions from an enterprise risk and return perspective. The ERRC consists of Allstate’s chief executive officer, vice chair, chief financial officer, chief risk officer and other senior leaders. 
• Other key committees work with the ERRC to direct ERRM activities, including the Operating Committee, the Operational Risk Council, the Information Security Council, the Corporate Asset Liability Committee, liability governance committees, and investment committees.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
When depreciable assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are deducted from the property, plant and equipment accounts and any gains or losses on disposition are recognized in Selling, general and administrative expense. 
We capitalize and depreciate network software purchased or developed within property, plant and equipment assets. We also capitalize interest associated with the acquisition or construction of network-related assets. Capitalized interest is reported as a reduction in interest expense and depreciated as part of the cost of the network-related assets. 
We capitalize the cost of internal-use network and non-network software and defer the costs associated with cloud computing arrangements that have a useful life and term in excess of one year. Subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades to internal-use network and non-network software are capitalized only to the extent that they add significant new functionality. Planning, software maintenance and training costs for internal-use software and cloud computing arrangements are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. We capitalize interest associated with the development of internal-use network and non-network software. Capitalized non-network internal-use software costs are amortized using the straight-line method over a period of 5 to 7 years and are included in Other intangible assets, net in our consolidated balance sheets. Costs incurred in implementing a cloud computing arrangement are deferred during the application-development stage and recorded as Prepaid expense and Other in our consolidated balance sheets. Once a project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, we stop deferring the related cloud computing arrangement costs.

SALESFORCE INC report:
At January 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $10.5 billion. Changes in interest rates of 100 basis points would have resulted in market value changes of $58 million. 
We maintain debt obligations that are subject to market interest risk, as follows (in millions): 
The borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.125% or an adjusted benchmark rate plus a spread of 0.50% to 1.125%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit rating. We are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment fee on undrawn amounts. As of January 31, 2023, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Credit Facility.
