VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
From time to time, we enter into agreements to buy, sell or exchange spectrum licenses. We believe these spectrum license transactions have allowed us to continue to enhance the reliability of our wireless network while also resulting in a more efficient use of spectrum. 
In March 2020, the FCC's incentive auction, Auction 103, for spectrum licenses in the upper 37 GHz, 39 GHz, and 47 GHz bands concluded. Verizon participated in this incentive auction and was the high bidder on 4,940 licenses, which primarily consisted of 37 GHz and, to a lesser extent, 39 GHz spectrum. As an incumbent licensee, our 39 GHz licenses provided us with incentive payments that were applied towards the purchase price of spectrum in the auction. The value of the licenses won by Verizon amounted to $3.4 billion, of which $1.8 billion was settled with the relinquished 39 GHz licenses. The new reconfigured licenses were received in the second quarter 2020 and are included in Wireless licenses in our consolidated balance sheets. 
In September 2020, the FCC completed Auction 105 for Priority Access Licenses. Verizon participated in the auction and was the high bidder on 557 licenses in the 3.5 GHz band valued at approximately $1.9 billion. Verizon made payments for these licenses in 2020 and received them from the FCC in March 2021. The purchase cost for these licenses and related capitalized interest, based on qualifying activities that occurred, are included in Wireless licenses in our consolidated balance sheets.

BOEING CO report:
Capital Resources We have substantial borrowing capacity. Any future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants as described below. We have a commercial paper program that serves as a source of short-term liquidity. At December 31, 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 , commercial paper borrowings totaling $6,109 million , $1,895 million and $600 million , respectively, which were supported by unused commitments under the revolving credit agreement. At December 31, 2019 , we had $9.6 billion of unused borrowing capacity on revolving credit line agreements. We anticipate that these credit lines will primarily serve as backup liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs. 
Customer financing commitments totaled $13.4 billion and $19.5 billion at December 31, 2019 and 2018 . The decrease primarily relates to financing commitment expirations and terminations. We anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments as we continue to work with third party financiers to provide alternative financing to customers. Historically, we have not been 
As previously announced, we plan to acquire an 80% ownership stake in a joint venture comprised of the commercial aircraft and services operations of Embraer for $4.2 billion. We expect the transaction to close in the first half of 2020.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the accelerated shift to cloud and hosted service offerings and customer experience management solutions. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings and verticals. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.
