ALLSTATE CORP report:
Other proceedings T he case of Jack Jimenez, et al. v. Allstate Insurance Company  was filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on September 30, 2010. Plaintiffs allege off-the-clock wage and hour claims and other California Labor Code violations resulting from purported unpaid overtime. Plaintiffs seek recovery of unpaid compensation, liquidated damages, penalties, and attorneys’ fees and costs. The court certified a class that includes all adjusters in the state of California, except auto field adjusters, from September 29, 2006 to final judgment. Allstate’s appeals to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and then to the U.S. Supreme Court did not result in decertification. No trial date is calendared. 
Biefeldt / IBEW  Consolidated Action. Two separately filed stockholder derivative actions have been consolidated into a single proceeding that is pending in the Circuit Court for Cook County, Illinois, Chancery Division. The original complaint in the first-filed of those actions, Biefeldt v. Wilson, et al. , was filed on August 3, 2017, in that court by a plaintiff alleging that she is a stockholder of the Company. On June 29, 2018, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss that complaint for failure to make a pre-suit demand on the Allstate board before instituting the suit, but granted the plaintiff permission to file an amended complaint. The original complaint in IBEW Local No. 98 Pension Fund v. Wilson, et al. , was filed on April 12, 2018, in the same court by another plaintiff alleging to be a stockholder of the Company. After the court issued its dismissal decision in the Biefeldt  action, the plaintiffs agreed to consolidate the two actions and filed a consolidated amended complaint naming the Company’s chairman, president and chief executive officer, its former president, and certain present or former members of the board of directors. In that complaint, the plaintiffs allege that the directors and officer defendants breached their fiduciary duties to the Company in connection with allegedly material misstatements or omissions concerning the Company’s automobile insurance claim frequency statistics and the reasons for a claim frequency increase for Allstate brand auto insurance between October 2014 and August 3, 2015. The factual allegations are substantially similar to those at issue in In re The Allstate Corp. Securities Litigation . The plaintiffs further allege that a senior officer and several outside directors engaged in stock option exercises allegedly while in possession of material nonpublic information. The plaintiffs seek, on behalf of the Company, an unspecified amount of damages and various forms of equitable relief. Defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated complaint on September 24, 2018 for failure to make a demand on the Allstate board. The motion to dismiss was fully briefed as of December 10, 2018 and argument on the motion is scheduled for March 7, 2019. 
In Sundquist v. Wilson, et al ., another plaintiff alleging to be a stockholder of the Company filed a stockholder derivative complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois on May 21, 2018. The plaintiff seeks, on behalf of the Company, an unspecified amount of damages and various forms of equitable relief. The complaint names as defendants the Company’s chairman, president and chief executive officer, its former president, its former chief financial officer, who is now the Company’s vice chairman, and certain present or former members of the board of directors. The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duty based on allegations similar to those asserted in In re The   Allstate Corp. Securities Litigation as well as state law “misappropriation” claims based on stock option transactions by the Company’s chairman, president and chief executive officer, its former chief financial officer, who is now the Company’s vice chairman, and certain members of the board of

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We focus on training and development that helps employees develop the skills they need both today and in the future. One of the greatest drivers of growth for our people is their own initiative and sense of career ownership. We encourage employees to develop individual development plans and provide employees access to apply for internal career opportunities that match their interests and skills. 
The engagement of our workforce is one of our strengths. We believe that constantly and actively listening to the voice of our employees will continue to shape our success. We do that through a series of listening sessions and by measuring employee engagement on an annual level. Our positive 2021 employee engagement survey results confirmed the strong foundation we are building, reinforcing many elements of our culture. 
The safety of our team and the communities in which we operate comes first. We believe safety is a shared responsibility. Everyone has the right and responsibility to stop work if conditions become unsafe, regardless of position or experience. Our safety program focuses on incident prevention through safety leadership at all levels.

BOEING CO report:
We continue to anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur in late 2023. The 777X program has near break-even gross margins at December 31, 2021. The level of profitability on the 777X program will be subject to a number of factors. These factors include continued market uncertainty, the impacts of COVID-19 on our production system as well as impacts on our supply chain and customers, customer negotiations, further production rate adjustments for the 777X or other commercial aircraft programs, contraction of the accounting quantity and potential risks associated with the testing program and the timing of aircraft certification. One or more of these factors could result in additional reach-forward losses on the 777X program in future periods. 
787 Program During 2020, we experienced significant reductions in deliveries due to the impacts of COVID-19 on our customers as well as production issues and associated rework. During 2021 we delivered 14 aircraft between March 2021 and May 2021 prior to deliveries being paused in May 2021. Deliveries remain paused. 
At December 31, 2021 and 2020 we had approximately 110 and 80 aircraft in inventory. We have identified production quality issues, including in our supply chain, which have contributed to the pause in deliveries. In July 2021, we announced that we were reprioritizing production resources to support inspections and rework. We continue to conduct inspections and rework on undelivered aircraft and engage in detailed discussions with the FAA regarding required actions for resuming delivery of the 787. We are currently producing at very low rates and expect that to continue until deliveries resume, gradually returning to 5 per month over time. In the third quarter of 2021, we determined that in the current environment production rates below 5 per month represent abnormally low production rates and result in abnormal production costs, and that inspections and rework costs on inventoried aircraft are excessive and should also be accounted for as abnormal production costs that are required to be expensed as incurred. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we determined that the ongoing rework, as well as our ongoing discussions with the FAA in anticipation of resumption of deliveries, will result in lower production rates longer than previously expected. As a result of these impacts, we expect to incur approximately $2 billion of abnormal production costs on a cumulative basis with most being incurred by the end of 2023. We continue to work with customers and suppliers regarding timing of future deliveries and production rate changes. We are also continuing to implement changes in the production process designed to ensure that newly-built airplanes meet our specifications and do not require further inspections and rework. During the first quarter of 2021, we consolidated 787 production in South Carolina, in line with our previous assumptions, which did not have a significant financial impact on the program.
