MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Stock-based compensation awarded to employees and non-employee directors is valued at fair value on the grant date. We record stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period, generally three years. Forfeitures are estimated on the grant date for all of our stock-based compensation awards. 
We provide a range of benefits to our current and retired employees. These include pension benefits, postretirement health care benefits and postemployment benefits depending upon jurisdiction, tenure, job level and other factors. Local statutory requirements govern many of the benefit plans we provide around the world. Local government plans generally cover health care benefits for retirees outside the United States, Canada and United Kingdom. As such, our U.S., Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries provide health care and other benefits to most retired employees. Our postemployment benefit plans provide primarily severance benefits for eligible salaried and certain hourly employees. The cost for these plans is recognized in earnings primarily over the working life of the covered employee. 
We use financial instruments to manage our currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program, which focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. A principal objective of our risk management strategies is to reduce significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations that may arise from volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates, principally through the use of derivative instruments.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
International Networks generated revenues of $4.0 billion and Adjusted OIBDA of $1.1 billion during 2019 , which represented 36% and 23% of our total consolidated revenues and Adjusted OIBDA, respectively. Our International Networks segment principally consists of national and pan-regional television networks and brands that are delivered across multiple distribution platforms. This segment generates revenue from operations in virtually every pay-TV market in the world through an infrastructure that includes operational centers in London, Amsterdam, Warsaw, Milan, Singapore and Miami. Global brands include Discovery Channel, Food Network, HGTV, Animal Planet, TLC, ID, Science Channel and MotorTrend (previously known as Velocity and known as Turbo outside of the U.S.), along with brands exclusive to International Networks, including Eurosport, Discovery Kids, DMAX, Discovery Home & Health, and TVN. TVN was acquired in March 2018, as part of our acquisition of Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (the "Scripps Acquisition"). As of December 31, 2019 , International Networks operates unique distribution feeds in 50 languages with channel feeds customized according to language needs and advertising sales opportunities. International Networks also has FTA networks in Europe and the Middle East and broadcast networks in Poland, Denmark, Norway and Sweden, and continues to pursue further international expansion. FTA and broadcast networks generate a significant portion of International Networks' revenue. The penetration and growth rates of television services vary across countries and territories depending on numerous factors including the dominance of different television platforms in local markets. While pay-TV services have greater penetration in certain markets, FTA or broadcast television is dominant in others. International Networks has a large international distribution platform for its 72 networks, with as many as 23 networks distributed in any particular country or territory across 220 countries and territories around the world. International Networks pursues distribution across all television platforms based on the specific dynamics of local markets and relevant commercial agreements. With the growing demand of consumer content on digital and mobile devices, a suite of international DTC products has been made available to consumers. The Eurosport Player is a video streaming service offering premium and localized sports to fans in 52 markets in Europe. Dplay, our real-life entertainment streaming service, is now available in 10 markets including the U.K., Ireland, Spain, the Nordics, Japan and Italy. Dplay allows fans to access Discovery shows live and on-demand, anytime, anywhere. In Germany, we have partnered with ProSiebenSat.1 to launch the streaming service, Joyn, which offers the largest collection of free-TV content, with programming and live streams from more than 50 channels. In Poland, we have partnered with Cyfrow Polsat to create a video streaming platform that when launched, following regulatory clearance, will give viewers a single destination to access Polish content including movies, series, documentaries, sports and entertainment. 
Effective January 1, 2018, we realigned our International Networks management reporting structure, which was not affected by the Scripps Acquisition. The table below represents the reporting structures during the periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. 
Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"), includes the former Central Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("CEEMEA"), Southern Europe, Nordics and the U.K. Additionally, the grouping includes Australia and New Zealand, previously included as part of Asia-Pacific

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our natural gas processing plants in South Texas decreased a net $9.9 million year-to-year primarily due to lower fee-based processing volumes, which accounted for a $21.7 million decrease, higher maintenance costs, which accounted for an additional $7.3 million decrease, partially offset by higher average processing margins, which accounted for an $18.6 million increase including the impact of hedging activities. Lower producer drilling activity in South Texas in 2017 contributed to a 352 MMcf/d decrease in fee-based natural gas processing volumes for these plants. 
Gross operating margin from our Permian Basin natural gas processing plants increased $2.0 million year-to-year, primarily due to gross operating margin from our South Eddy gas plant, which commenced operations in May 2016 and generated $3.9 million of the increase. Fee-based natural gas processing volumes and equity NGL production for our Permian Basin natural gas processing plants increased a combined 73 MMcf/d and 3 MBPD, respectively, year-to-year. 
Gross operating margin from our Seminole, Chaparral and affiliated NGL pipelines increased a combined net $77.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher transportation volumes of 123 MBPD, which accounted for a $72.7 million increase, and higher average transportation fees, which accounted for an additional $46.0 million increase, partially offset by higher pipeline offloading and capacity reservation costs paid to our other pipelines of $31.5 million. Gross operating margin from our Mid-America Pipeline System and related terminals increased a net $9.1 million primarily due to (i) higher transportation volumes of 50 MBPD, which accounted for a $26.8 million increase, (ii) higher blending, terminal and offloading revenues, which accounted for a $13.5 million increase, partially offset by (iii) lower average transportation fees, which accounted for an $18.5 million decrease, and (iv) higher pipeline offloading costs paid to affiliate pipelines, which accounted for an additional $16.3 million decrease. Gross operating margin from our equity investment in the Texas Express Pipeline increased $15.0 million year-to-year primarily due to higher transportation volumes of 15 MBPD (net to our interest) in 2018 attributable to contractual increases in committed shipper volumes and volumes offloaded from affiliate pipelines. Due to pipeline infrastructure constraints in the Permian Basin region, we have been using offloading arrangements to optimize available capacity on the Mid-American Pipeline System, Seminole Pipeline and Texas Express Pipelines to transport NGLs to our Mont Belvieu complex.
