VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
amount of Pound Sterling -denominated unsecured notes. In addition, we completed exchange offers with respect to 17 series of unsecured notes issued by Verizon, allowing us to exchange the notes accepted in the exchange offers for new unsecured Verizon notes having a later maturity date and, for certain of the accepted series of notes, cash. We also amended our revolving credit facility to extend the maturity date to 2024. We had no outstanding commercial paper as of December 31, 2020. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, together with other dynamics in the marketplace, has caused borrowing costs to fluctuate significantly and, in certain cases, restricted the ability of borrowers to access the capital markets and other sources of financing. In order to provide financial flexibility and finance certain investments and projects, we may continue to utilize external financing arrangements that have been or may be affected by these market conditions. However, we believe that our cash on hand, the cash we expect to generate from our operations, and cash from other sources of financing available to us are, and will continue to be, sufficient to meet our ongoing operating, capital expenditure, debt service and investing requirements. 
We expect to continue to have sufficient cash to fund our operations, although we could experience significant fluctuations in our cash flows from period to period during the pendency of the pandemic. The net cash generated from our operations provides our primary source of cash flows. While we have historically experienced consistently low levels of payment delinquencies among our consumer and business accounts, beginning late in the first quarter 2020, we started to see increases in delinquencies across our retail customer base and our small and medium business accounts. This change in delinquency rate moderated during the second quarter and improved to levels seen before the COVID-19 pandemic during the third and fourth quarters of 2020. Accordingly, our provision for credit losses increased in the first quarter 2020, but decreased in the second quarter of 2020 and remained flat in the third and fourth quarters of 2020. If these levels of delinquencies begin to grow again, they could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows. We could also experience fluctuations in our cash flows resulting from the ongoing impacts of the pandemic on macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. and our customers working to become current on their bills in the first quarter of 2021 and beyond.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our 
counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our ongoing assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features. 
We have an investment portfolio that includes strategic investments in privately held and publicly traded companies, which range from early-stage companies to more mature companies both domestically and internationally, including in emerging markets. We primarily invest in enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators to advance and expand our ecosystem. As the enterprise cloud computing ecosystem continues to mature and technologies change, our investment strategy and corresponding investment opportunities have expanded to include investments in companies concurrently with their initial public offerings, as well as larger capital investments in late stage companies. We plan to continue these types of strategic investments, including in companies representing targeted geographies and targeted business and technological initiatives, as opportunities arise that we find attractive. Our strategy includes using proceeds from realized gains recognized on the sales of our existing strategic investments to, in part, fund these new strategic investments.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using a binomial lattice model. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. In addition, separate groups of employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the binomial lattice model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility of the price of the underlying shares is implied based on traded options and historical volatility of the Company’s common stock. The expected dividends were based on the current dividend yield of the Company’s stock as of the date of the grant. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
Weighted average remaining contractual term (years) Outstanding as of January 1, 2021 10,617   $ 83.65   Granted 1,738   105.45   Exercised ( 2,167 ) 74.05   Forfeited ( 319 ) 106.33   Expired ( 15 ) 104.22   Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 9,854   88.84   $ 292,514   5.8 Outstanding, net of expected forfeitures 9,791   88.71   291,849   5.8 Outstanding, exercisable (“vested”) 6,654   79.96   253,563   4.6  
The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted was $ 15.61 , $ 18.17 and $ 14.96 during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The intrinsic value, which is the difference between the fair value and the exercise price, of options exercised was $ 112 million, $ 119 million and $ 114 million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
