SALESFORCE INC report:
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/about-us/investor/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, the Company’s references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements.

BOEING CO report:
Some of our development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis, and BDS customers are increasingly seeking fixed-price proposals for new programs. Examples of significant fixed-price development programs include Commercial Crew, KC-46A Tanker, MQ-25, T-7A Red Hawk, VC-25B, and commercial and military satellites. New programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. Many development programs have highly complex designs. As technical or quality issues arise during development, we may experience schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. These programs are ongoing, and while we believe the cost and fee estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of these programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, the loss of satellite in-orbit incentive payments, or other financially significant exposure. These programs have risk for reach-forward losses if our estimated costs exceed our estimated contract revenues. 
The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering, and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. Prior to COVID-19, we had expected the market to grow by around 3.5% annually, however the pandemic is having a direct impact on our commercial services business. See Overview to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the impacts of COVID-19 on the airline industry environment. 
airplanes. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. Airlines continue to look for opportunities to reduce the size and cost of their spare parts inventory, frequently outsourcing spares management to third parties.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The consumer goods, utilities and capital goods sectors comprise 28%, 13% and 12%, respectively, of the carrying value of our corporate fixed income securities portfolio as of December 31, 2019 . The banking, energy and utilities sectors comprise 30%, 30% and 13%, respectively, of the gross unrealized losses of our corporate fixed income securities portfolio as of December 31, 2019 . 
As of December 31, 2019 , we have not made the decision to sell and it is not more likely than not we will be required to sell fixed income securities with unrealized losses before recovery of the amortized cost basis. 
Investment expense includes $81 million , $71 million and $40 million of investee level expenses in 2019 , 2018 and 2017, respectively, and has increased compared to prior year, primarily due to growth in real estate investments. Investee level expenses include depreciation and asset level operating expenses on directly held real estate and other consolidated investments.
