MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our initial $ 2.0 billion investment in Keurig included a $ 1.6 billion Keurig equity interest and a $ 0.4 billion shareholder loan receivable, which were reported on a combined basis within equity method investments prior to the Keurig Dr. Pepper transaction described below. The shareholder loan had a 5.5 % interest rate and was payable at the end of a seven -year term on February 27, 2023. 
Within equity method investment net earnings, we recorded shareholder loan interest income of $ 12 million in 2018 , $ 24 million in 2017 and $ 20 million in 2016 . We received shareholder loan interest payments of $ 12 million in 2018 , $ 30 million in 2017 and $ 14 million in 2016 and dividends of $ 34 million in 2018 , $ 14 million in 2017 and $ 4 million in 2016 . 
On July 9, 2018, Keurig closed on its definitive merger agreement with Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., and formed KDP, a publicly traded company. Following the close of the transaction, our 24.2 % investment in Keurig together with our shareholder loan receivable became a 13.8 % investment in KDP. During the third quarter of 2018, we recorded a preliminary pre-tax gain of $ 757 million reported as a gain on equity method transaction and $ 184 million of deferred tax expense reported in the provision for income taxes (or $ 573 million after-tax gain) related to the change in our ownership interest while KDP finalized the valuation for the transaction. During our fourth quarter of 2018, KDP finalized its opening balance sheet and we increased our pre-tax gain by $ 21 million (or $ 13 million after-tax) to $ 778 million (or $ 586 million after-tax) while recording $ 8 million of deferred tax expense related to the increase for a total deferred tax expense of $ 192 million for 2018.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
expansion capital expenditures, which are capital expenditures made to expand the operating capacity or operating income capacity of assets, including by acquisition of compression units or through modification of existing compression units to increase their capacity, or to replace certain partially or fully depreciated assets that were not currently generating operating income. 
 USAC classifies capital expenditures as maintenance or expansion on an individual asset basis. Over the long-term, USAC expects that its maintenance capital expenditure requirements will continue to increase as the overall size and age of its fleet increase. USAC currently plans to spend approximately $25 million  in maintenance capital expenditures during 2019 , including parts consumed from inventory. 
Without giving effect to any equipment USAC may acquire pursuant to any future acquisitions, it currently has budgeted between $140 million  and $150 million  in expansion capital expenditures during 2019 . As of December 31, 2018 , USAC has binding commitments to purchase $108 million  of additional compression units and serialized parts, all of which USAC expects to be delivered in 2019.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, which offers proactive monitoring and instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self service offerings. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.
