ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification, including expansion or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act.
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information, financial information and other sensitive personal information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, China, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California, Virginia, and Colorado) have enacted data protection laws that contain significant compliance obligations and financial penalties for noncompliance. In addition, regulators with general consumer protection authority, such as the Federal Trade Commission and U.S. states Attorneys General, are focused on how consumer data is used by entities in the health care industry. Further, there are regulations of data privacy and security that are specific to health care companies. For example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in business disruption and enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area. 
Governmental cost containment efforts also affect Abbott’s nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Business Description —The Company, through USF, operates in one business segment in which it markets and distributes fresh, frozen and dry food and non-food products to foodservice customers throughout the U.S. These customers include independently owned single and multi-unit restaurants, regional concepts, national restaurant chains, hospitals, nursing homes, hotels and motels, country clubs, government and military organizations, colleges and universities, and retail locations. 
Basis of Presentation —The Company operates on a 52 or 53-week fiscal year, with all periods ending on a Saturday. When a 53- week fiscal year occurs, the Company reports the additional week in the fiscal fourth quarter. The fiscal years ended December 28, 2019 , December 29, 2018 , and December 30, 2017 , also referred to herein as fiscal years 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 , respectively, were 52-week fiscal years. Fiscal year 2020 will be a 53-week fiscal year. Prior year amounts may have been adjusted to conform with the current year presentation.   
 Principles of Consolidation —The Company's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of US Foods and its wholly owned subsidiary, USF, and its subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We maintain a share-based compensation plan, which authorizes the granting of various equity-based incentives, including stock options (including stock appreciation rights), deferred stock units (DSUs) and performance share units (PSUs). Stock compensation expense is amortized to expense over the vesting period, generally three years . 
Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of our Common Stock on the grant date. Substantially all of the options become exercisable in three annual installments beginning a year from the grant date and generally expire 10 years from the grant date. We use the Black-Scholes Model to measure the fair value of stock options granted to employees. The expected life of the options represents the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding and is based on historical trends. Expected stock price volatility is based on the implied and historical volatility of the Company’s stock. The expected dividend yield is based on the Company’s most recent annual dividend rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant with a term equal to the expected life. 
DSUs are typically granted to selected management employees on an annual basis and vest over three years . Dividend equivalents are paid during the vesting period. The fair value of our DSUs and other stock-based awards is measured at the market price of our Common Stock on the grant date.
