SALESFORCE INC report:
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to identify performance obligations and allocate the transaction price to those performance obligations, including controls over determining standalone selling price. To test revenue recognized, we obtained an understanding of the Company’s various product and service offerings and evaluated management’s application of the revenue recognition accounting requirements to determine which product and service offerings were distinct. We read executed contracts for a sample of sales transactions to assess management’s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance obligations, and tested the amounts recognized as revenue or recorded in unearned revenue. To test management’s determination of relative standalone selling price for performance obligations, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the appropriateness of the methodology applied, testing mathematical accuracy of the underlying data and calculations, and testing selections to corroborate the data underlying the Company’s calculations. We also assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures in the financial statements. 
 Accounting for Business Combinations Description of the Matter As described in Note 7 to the financial statements, the Company completed several acquisitions during fiscal year 2020 for aggregate net consideration of over $16 billion. The most significant of these was the acquisition of Tableau Software, Inc. for total consideration of $14.8 billion. In connection with these acquisitions, management recognized customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets of $3.6 billion. The valuation of the customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets is complex and judgmental due to the use of subjective assumptions in the valuation models used by management when determining their estimated fair value. In particular, the fair value estimates for the acquired assets are sensitive to changes in assumptions for revenue growth, gross margin and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. 
Auditing management’s valuation of these customer relationship and developed technology intangibles is complex due to the auditor judgment required to evaluate management’s assumptions used in determining the fair value of these assets.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The effect of implementing certain accounting standards on our financial results and financial condition is often based in part on market conditions at the time of implementation of the standard and other factors we are unable to determine prior to implementation. For this reason, we are sometimes unable to estimate the effect of certain pending accounting standards until the relevant authoritative body finalizes these standards or until we implement them. 
Preferred stock and additional capital paid-in, $1 par value, 25 million shares authorized, 92.5 thousand and 79.8 thousand shares issued and outstanding, $2,313 and $1,995 aggregate liquidation preference 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of The Allstate Corporation (the “Corporation”) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, primarily Allstate Insurance Company (“AIC”), a property and casualty insurance company with various property and casualty and life and investment subsidiaries, including Allstate Life Insurance Company (“ALIC”) (collectively referred to as the “Company” or “Allstate”). These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
During 2020, we received $ 31.5 billion of proceeds from long-term borrowings, which included $ 5.6 billion of proceeds from asset-backed debt transactions. The net proceeds are a result of the liquidity strategy that we pursued at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic to maintain a higher cash balance in order to further protect the Company against the economic uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and to opportunistically raise cash to finance future obligations at a time when we believed that market conditions were favorable. We used $ 17.2 billion of cash to repay, redeem and repurchase long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations, including $ 7.4 billion to prepay and repay asset-backed, long-term borrowings. The net proceeds from the green bond issued in 2020 are expected to be used to fund certain renewable energy projects. 
During 2019, we received $ 18.7 billion of proceeds from long-term borrowings, which included $ 8.6 billion of proceeds from asset-backed debt transactions. The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes including the repayment of debt and the funding of certain eligible green projects. We used $ 23.9 billion of cash to repay, redeem and repurchase long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations, including $ 6.3 billion to prepay and repay asset-backed, long-term borrowings. 
Debt or equity financing may be needed to fund additional investments or development activities, including, for example, to complete our acquisition of Tracfone or to acquire additional wireless spectrum, or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility.
