WORLD KINECT CORP report:
For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.These forward-looking statements are estimates and projections reflecting our best judgment and involve risks, uncertainties or other factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may prove to be incorrect. Our actual results may differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws (including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), interpretations of such laws, changes in the mix of taxable income among different tax jurisdictions, or adverse results of tax audits, assessments, or disputes; 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this 2019 10-K Report will be deemed to modify or supersede such forward-looking statements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We also continue to evolve our programs to meet our employees’ health and wellness needs. We provide access to medical and welfare benefits and offer programs to all employees that support work-life balance, including paid parental leave, as well as financial, physical and mental health resources. In 2022, we expanded our Employee Assistance Programs to reach all global colleagues. 
We are committed to equal pay for equal work, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity or other personal characteristics. To deliver on that commitment, we benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider various factors such as an employee’s role and experience, job location and performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices to promote fair and equitable pay. 
With the support of an independent third-party expert in this field, we conduct global pay equity reviews for salaried employees comparing employees in the same pay grade within a country/area to help identify any unsupported distinctions in pay between employees of different genders and races (as permitted by local country law).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The results of operations from crude oil terminals are primarily dependent upon the level of volumes stored and the length of time such storage occurs, including the level of firm storage capacity reserved, pumpover volumes and the fees associated with each activity. If the terminal offers marine services, the results of operations from these activities are primarily dependent upon the level of volumes handled (loading and unloading) and the associated fees we charge for such services.
 • The EHT marine terminal located on the Houston Ship Channel includes export assets capable of loading up to 2.0 MMBPD, or 62 MMBbls per month, of crude oil. The crude oil terminal at EHT represents one of the largest such facilities on the Gulf Coast. As noted previously, EHT can accommodate vessels with up to a 45-foot draft, including Suezmax tankers, which are the largest tankers that can navigate the Houston Ship Channel.
 • The ECHO terminal is located in Houston, Texas and provides storage customers with access to major refineries located in the Houston, Texas City and Beaumont/Port Arthur areas. Beginning in March 2022, the ECHO terminal will be one of two physical delivery points for the Midland WTI American Gulf Coast futures contract (“HOU”) traded on the Intercontinental Exchange (“ICE”). ECHO also has connections to marine terminals, including EHT, that provide access to any refinery on the U.S. Gulf Coast and international markets.
