SALESFORCE INC report:
Today, global challenges require businesses to digitally transform while leveraging customer data to become more responsive, resilient and efficient. Companies also have to rethink and reshape everything about how and where their employees work. We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for a digital-first customer, employee, and partner experience and connect with their customers through digital channels. 
Our industry-leading AI-powered Customer 360 platform spans sales, service, marketing, commerce and more. It empowers our customers to work together, from anywhere, to deliver seamless, connected experiences for their customers. Our customers can select from our integrated Customer 360 solutions for any team, in any industry and for companies of any size, to get a single source of truth and complete view of their customers. 
Sales. Sales empowers sales teams of companies of every size and industry to manage and automate their entire sales process from leads to opportunities to billing, allowing them to sell faster, smarter and in the way they want. Our customers use our Sales offering to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast opportunities, gain insights through analytics and relationship intelligence and deliver quotes, contracts and invoices. Our Sales offering enables teams to work from anywhere in the office, on the go or at home and support the changing expectations of customers in a digital-first world.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
1,325   1,284   Unamortized discount, net of premium ( 4,922 ) ( 6,057 ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ( 688 ) ( 604 ) Total long-term debt, including current maturities 150,868   128,742   Less long-term debt maturing within one year 7,443   5,569   Total long-term debt $ 143,425   $ 123,173   Total long-term debt, including current maturities $ 150,868   $ 128,742   Plus short-term notes payable —   320   Total debt $ 150,868   $ 129,062   
(1) The debt obligations bore interest at a floating rate based on the Compounded Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) for the interest period or the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus an applicable interest margin per annum, as applicable. Compounded SOFR is calculated using the SOFR Index published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in accordance with the terms of the notes. The Compounded SOFR for the interest period ending in December 2021 was 0.049 %. The one-month and three-month LIBOR at December 31, 2021 was 0.101 % and 0.209 %, respectively. 
(2) In November 2021, $ 141 million of 8.750 % GTE LLC notes matured and were repaid. In November 2021, GTE LLC distributed its assets and liabilities to Verizon Communications and was dissolved. Verizon Communications is now the successor obligor on the remaining outstanding balance of $ 250 million.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain reclassifications of prior period volumes have been made to conform to current presentation. A description of reported volumes for each reportable segment has also been included in the discussion of key factors affecting results of operations in each of our business segments as discussed below. 
In the Agribusiness segment, we purchase, store, transport, process, and sell agricultural commodities and commodity products. Profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and market prices of agricultural commodities and processed commodity products and the availability and costs of energy, transportation, and logistics services. Profitability in our processing operations is also impacted by volumes procured, processed, and sold and by capacity utilization rates. Availability of agricultural commodities is affected by many factors, including weather, farmer planting and selling decisions, plant diseases, governmental policies, and agricultural sector economic conditions. As noted above, reported Processing volumes comprise oilseed volumes crushed (processed) during a period, which approximate sales volumes to third parties during the same period. Reported Merchandising volumes represent sales volumes to third party customers. 
Demand for our purchased and processed Agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products.
