COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In 2023 and 2022, the Company had valuation allowances of $ 422 and $ 313 , primarily related to foreign tax credits that the Company believes will not be realized due to carry forward limitations. The foreign tax credit carry forwards are set to expire beginning in fiscal 2030. 
The Company generally no longer considers fiscal year earnings of non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries after 2017 to be indefinitely reinvested (other than China and Taiwan) and has recorded the estimated incremental foreign withholding taxes (net of available foreign tax credits) and state income taxes payable assuming a hypothetical repatriation to the U.S. The Company considers undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries, which totaled $ 3,225 , to be indefinitely reinvested and has not provided for withholding or state taxes. 
The gross unrecognized tax benefit includes tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. At the end of 2023 and 2022, these amounts were immaterial. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and penalties, the disallowance of these tax positions would not affect the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the payment of cash to the taxing authority. The total amount of such unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods is $ 14 and $ 15 at the end of 2023 and 2022.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
There is considerable discussion over global warming and climate change including the environmental effects of greenhouse gas emissions and their associated consequences on global climate, oceans and ecosystems. Climate change could have a long-term impact on our operations. For example, our facilities that are located in low lying areas such as the coastal regions of Louisiana and Texas may be at increased risk due to flooding, rising sea levels, or disruption of operations from more frequent and severe weather events. Facilities in areas with limited water availability may be impacted if droughts become more frequent or severe. Changes in climate or weather may hinder exploration and production activities or increase the cost of production of oil and gas resources and consequently affect the volume of hydrocarbon products entering our system. Changes in climate or weather may also affect consumer demand for energy or alter the overall energy mix.
In response to governmental, scientific and public concerns that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases, including gases associated with oil and natural gas production such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide among others, contribute to a warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other adverse environmental effects, various governmental authorities have considered or taken actions to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. For example, the EPA has taken action under the CAA to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, certain states (individually or in regional cooperation), including states in which some of our facilities or operations are located, have taken or proposed measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Also, the U.S. Congress from time to time has proposed legislative measures for imposing restrictions or requiring fees or carbon taxes for the emission of greenhouse gases. One such fee applicable to certain of our operations has been imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, and is known as the “Methane emissions and waste reduction incentive program.”
Actions have also taken place at the international level, with the U.S. being involved. Various policies and approaches discussed include establishing a cap on emissions, requiring efficiency measures, or providing incentives for emissions reduction, use of renewable energy, or use of replacement fuels with lower carbon content are under discussion and have and may continue to result in additional actions involving greenhouse gases.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Prior to the Merger, the Company was exposed to interest rate risk associated with the expected issuance of debt related to the Merger. Prior to the Merger, the Company unwound all interest rate derivatives entered into during 2021 and entered into new treasury lock derivatives, which were subsequently unwound to mitigate this risk. The Company does not have any interest rate derivatives as of December 31, 2022. 
As part of the Merger, the Company acquired deferred compensation plans that have risk related to the fair market value gains and losses on these investments and entered into total return swaps to mitigate this risk. The gains and losses associated with these swaps are recorded to selling, general and administrative expenses, offsetting the deferred compensation investment gains and losses. 
Once production spend is completed, the aforementioned forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges for production rebates and production expenses are de-designated. After de-designation, gains and losses on these derivatives directly impact earnings in the same line as the hedged risk.
