BOEING CO report:
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 and Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, require disclosure of certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran that occurred during the period covered by this report. Disclosure is required even if the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. In connection with the U.S. withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (Iran Nuclear Agreement), we engaged in activities during the third quarter that were required to unwind and terminate all agreements with Iranian airlines entered into prior to the withdrawal. These activities were authorized by a license from the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), and generated no revenues or profits. In addition, during the fourth quarter Iran Aseman Airlines requested Boeing support, and we replied that the current laws of the United States do not permit Boeing to provide any services, parts, or aircraft without a license from OFAC. 
Substantially all contracts at BDS, certain military derivative aircraft contracts at BCA and certain contracts at BGS are long-term contracts. Our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services and the significant service of integration that we provide. 
Accounting for long-term contracts involves a judgmental process of estimating the total sales, costs, and profit for each performance obligation. Cost of sales is recognized as incurred and revenue is determined by adding a proportionate amount of the estimated profit to the amount reported as cost of sales.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• As part of the Good Office program, we ship essential office items to our employees to help them work more productively at home and are establishing a new hire bundle to ensure all new employees start with the remote technology they need. 
• We offer resilience and stress management programs, including Energy for Life, designed to help employees articulate and pursue their individual purpose and embrace new challenges with ease. Over 39,000 employees have taken this wellness workshop since 2010. 
• Our flexible work and equal opportunity policies support talent attraction and retention. In early 2021 we conducted research with employees to learn more about their work location preferences. Ultimately 75% of our workforce will remain home-based workers permanently, 24% hybrid, and due to roles, 1% will be fully office-based. This remote-first strategy has enabled us to recruit a more geographically dispersed and diverse talent pool, as well as to reevaluate our facilities footprint.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and Other International operating segments (see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report). Certain operations in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack an e-commerce business. 
In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. This impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period. 
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2021, 2020, and 2019 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 29, 2021, August 30, 2020, and September 1, 2019, respectively. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco.
