WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Goodwill is allocated to the Company's reporting units, which are its operating segments or one level below its operating segments. The Company evaluates goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually as of October 1 or earlier if an event or other circumstance indicates that we may not recover the carrying value of the asset. (See Note 7.) If the Company believes that, as a result of its qualitative assessment, it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is not required. The Company performs a quantitative impairment test every three years, irrespective of the outcome of the Company's qualitative assessment. During 2019, the Company changed its annual impairment testing date from November 30 to October 1. The Company believes the new date is preferable because it aligns the impairment test with the budgeting and quarter-end closing processes. The Company determined it was impracticable to apply the change in accounting principle retrospectively because it could not determine the goodwill estimate for each reporting unit at the new annual goodwill impairment testing date without the use of hindsight. Accordingly, the Company applied the change in accounting principle prospectively. The change in the annual impairment testing date did not delay, accelerate or avoid an impairment charge. 
The quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed using a two-step process. The first step of the process is to compare the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the quantitative goodwill impairment test is required to be performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. The second step of the quantitative goodwill impairment test compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 
If a qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of an indefinite lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, a quantitative impairment test is performed, which involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. (See Note 7.)

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Through the gathering and processing systems described above and their interconnections with RIGS in north Louisiana, as well as other pipelines, we offer producers wellhead-to-market services, including natural gas gathering, compression, processing, treating and transportation. 
• The North Central Texas System is an integrated system located in four counties in North Central Texas that gathers, compresses, treats, processes and transports natural gas from the Barnett and Woodford Shales. Our North Central Texas assets include our Godley and Crescent plants, which process rich gas produced from the Barnett Shale and STACK play, with aggregate capacity of 700 MMcf/d. The Godley plant is integrated with the ET Fuel System. 
• The Permian Basin Gathering System offers wellhead-to-market services to producers in eleven counties in West Texas, as well as two counties in New Mexico which surround the Waha Hub, one of Texas’s developing NGL-rich natural gas market areas. As a result of the proximity of our system to the Waha Hub, the Waha Gathering System has a variety of market outlets for the natural gas that we gather and process, including several major interstate and intrastate pipelines serving California, the midcontinent region of the United States and Texas natural gas markets. The NGL market outlets includes Lone Star’s liquids pipelines. The Permian Basin Gathering System includes eleven processing facilities (Waha, Coyanosa, Red Bluff, Halley, Jal, Keyston, Tippet, Orla, Panther, Rebel and Arrowhead) with an aggregate processing capacity of 2.4 Bcf/d and one natural gas conditioning facility with aggregate capacity of 200 MMcf/d.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Global demand for propylene is increasing; however, the use of lighter crude oil feedstocks by U.S. refiners and increased use of ethane by steam crackers has reduced propylene production from these traditional sources. This has led to the development of more “on purpose” propylene production facilities such as our PDH 1 facility located in Chambers County, Texas. This facility has the capacity to produce up to 1.65 billion pounds per year, or approximately 25 MBPD, of PGP. At this nameplate production rate, the facility upgrades approximately 35 MBPD of propane as feedstock. The PDH 1 facility is integrated with our legacy Chambers County propylene fractionation units, which provides us with operational reliability and flexibility for both the PDH facility and the fractionation units. The construction of PDH 1 was underwritten by long-term, fee-based contracts that feature minimum volume commitments.
We have initiated legal proceedings involving the former general contractor for PDH 1. For a summary of this litigation, see Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
PDH 2. In September 2019, we announced the execution of long-term, fee-based contracts with affiliates of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. that support construction of our second PDH facility (referred to as “PDH 2”). In June 2020, we executed additional long-term PGP sales agreements with Marubeni Corporation in support of PDH 2. Like PDH 1, PDH 2 is expected to have the capacity to upgrade up to 35 MBPD of propane and produce up to 1.65 billion pounds per year of PGP. PDH 2 is also located in Chambers County, Texas and is scheduled to begin service in the second quarter of 2023. Once PDH 2 is placed into service and integrated with PDH 1 and our other propylene production facilities, we will have the capability to produce 11 billion pounds of propylene per year.
