ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our pension and other postretirement benefit costs are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies. These assumptions include discount rates, compensation increases, health care cost trend rates, inflation, expected returns on plan assets, mortality and other factors. The assumptions utilized in recording the obligations under our pension plans represent our best estimates and we believe they are reasonable based on information as to historical experience and performance as well as other factors that might cause future expectations to differ from past trends. 
2019  change in pension and other postretirement plan accounting At January 1, 2019, we changed our accounting principle for recognizing actuarial gains and losses and expected return on plan assets for our pension and other postretirement plans to a more preferable policy under U.S. GAAP. Prior to 2019, actuarial gains and losses were recognized as a component of AOCI, and were generally amortized into earnings in future periods. Under the new principle, actuarial gains and losses will be immediately recognized through earnings (“fair value accounting”). 
In addition, we changed our policy for recognizing expected returns on plan assets by eliminating the permitted accounting practice allowing the five-year smoothing of equity returns and moving to an unadjusted fair value method.

BOEING CO report:
I n November 2020, the Company contributed $ 3,000 of our common stock to the pension fund. An independent fiduciary was retained to manage and liquidate the stock over time at its discretion. Plan assets included $ 3,298 and $ 0 of our common stock as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. 
Risk Management In managing the pension assets, we review and manage risk associated with funded status risk, interest rate risk, market risk, counterparty risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. Liability matching and asset class diversification are central to our risk management approach and are integral to the overall investment strategy. Further, asset classes are constructed to achieve diversification by investment strategy, by investment manager, by industry or sector and by holding. Investment manager guidelines for publicly traded assets are specified and are monitored regularly through the custodian. Credit parameters for counterparties have been established for managers permitted to trade over-the-counter derivatives. Valuation is governed through several types of procedures, including reviews of manager valuation policies, custodian valuation processes, pricing vendor practices, pricing reconciliation, and periodic, security-specific valuation testing. 
Fair Value Measurements The following table presents our plan assets using the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 refers to fair values determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs, and Level 3 includes fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date within the consolidated statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within net gains (or losses) on strategic investments in the consolidated statement of operations. 
Effective at the start of fiscal 2020, the Company adopted the provisions and expanded disclosure requirements described in Topic 842. The Company adopted the standard using the modified retrospective method. Accordingly, the results for the prior comparable periods were not adjusted to conform to the current period measurement or recognition of results. 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and other noncurrent liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
