BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Brian Zachman, 49 -Mr. Zachman has served as President of Global Risk Management since joining Bunge in January 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Zachman held portfolio management positions focused on agricultural commodity derivatives, most recently with Millennium Limited Partners since 2014 and prior to that with SAC Capital from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Zachman previously worked at Bunge from 1999 to 2012, serving in a number of commercial and trading roles within Agribusiness. Prior to that, he held various commercial and merchant roles with Cargill and ConAgra. Mr. Zachman holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of Minnesota-Duluth. 
We are subject to various legal proceedings and risks globally in the course of our business, including claims, suits, and government investigations or proceedings involving competition, tax, labor and employment, environmental, commercial disputes, and other matters. Although we cannot accurately predict the amount of any liability that may ultimately arise with respect to any of these matters, we make provisions for potential liabilities when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. These provisions are based on current information and legal advice and are adjusted from time to time according to developments. We do not expect the outcome of these proceedings, net of established reserves, to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. However, due to their inherent uncertainty, there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of current or future litigation, proceedings, investigations or claims and it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in judgments, awards, fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. 
For a discussion of certain legal and tax matters relating to Argentina and Brazil, see Note 14- Income Taxes and Note 21- Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps that bring them closer to their customers, with drag-and-drop tools that boost efficiency, increase productivity and save on IT costs. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance and automatic upgrades. Integrated platform services, such as automation, AI and real-time data processing, make it easier for customers to utilize those capabilities in their Salesforce applications. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. Our Slack offering is a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We continue to innovate and integrate Slack across our Customer 360 platform. 
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web, Web3 and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization, and optimize overall marketing impact with integrated analytics. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We offer various postpaid and prepaid service plans tailored to the needs of our customers. Depending on those needs at a particular time, our plans may include features related to, among other things: unlimited or metered domestic and/or international voice, data, and texting; the ability to share data allowances and/or use data allowances in different periods; high definition voice and video features; the ability to use a device as a Wi-Fi hotspot; and varying data rates depending on the plan and usage on that plan. Our service offerings vary from time to time 
Access to the internet is available on all smartphones and nearly all basic phones. In addition, our customers can access the internet at broadband speeds on notebook computers and tablets that are either wireless-enabled or that are used in conjunction with separate dedicated devices that provide a mobile Wi-Fi connection. 
We no longer offer Consumer customers new fixed-term, subsidized service plans for devices; however, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program.
