BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our research and development activities are focused on developing products and improving processes that will drive growth or otherwise add value to our core business operations. In our refined and specialty oils and milling businesses, we have several research and development centers globally to support product development and enhancement. Additionally, Bunge Ventures, our corporate venture capital unit, invests in start-ups and other early-stage companies that are developing new technologies relevant to our industries. Additionally, we invest capital and human resources in digital innovations, aimed at using technology, data and analytics to improve how we perform our most important functions across our value chains, including origination, production, logistics, and customer experience. 
We own trademarks, patents, and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However, neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark, patent, or license. 
In our Agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year, since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres, and we sell and distribute products throughout the year. However, the first quarter of the year has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the North and South American oilseed harvests, as the North American harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, and the South American harvest peaks in the second quarter. Our North and South American grain merchandising and oilseed processing activities are, therefore, generally at lower levels during the first quarter.

BOEING CO report:
Certain of the pension plans provide that, in the event there is a change in control of the Company which is not approved by the Board of Directors and the plans are terminated within five years thereafter, the assets in the plan first will be used to provide the level of retirement benefits required by ERISA, and then any surplus will be used to fund a trust to continue present and future payments under the postretirement medical and life insurance benefits in our group insurance benefit programs. 
Should we terminate certain pension plans under conditions in which the plan’s assets exceed that plan’s obligations, the U.S. government will be entitled to a fair allocation of any of the plan’s assets based on plan contributions that were reimbursed under U.S. government contracts. 
We provide certain defined contribution plans to all eligible employees. The principal plans are the Company-sponsored 401(k) plans. The expense for these defined contribution plans was $ 1,268 , $ 1,351 and $ 1,533 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Return on average common shareholders’ equity For the twelve months ended December 31, 2019 , net income applicable to common shareholders’ return on the average of beginning and ending period common shareholders’ equity of 21.7% increased by 11.7 points from 10.0% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 , primarily due to higher net income applicable to common shareholders, partially offset by an increase in average common shareholders’ equity. 
Pension and other postretirement measurement gains and losses Pension and other postretirement measurement losses were $114 million in 2019 compared to losses of $468 million in 2018 . The decrease was primarily related to favorable asset performance compared to the expected return on plan assets, partially offset by a decrease in the discount rate used to value the liabilities. See Note 17 of the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
Overview Property-Liability operations consist of two reportable segments: Allstate Protection and Discontinued Lines and Coverages. These segments are consistent with the groupings of financial information that management uses to evaluate performance and to determine the allocation of resources.
