ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Lake Charles LNG, our wholly-owned subsidiary, owns an LNG import terminal and regasification facility located on Louisiana’s Gulf Coast near Lake Charles, Louisiana. The import terminal has approximately 9.0 Bcf of above ground LNG storage capacity and the regasification facility has a send out capacity of 1.8 Bcf/d. 
Lake Charles LNG Export, our wholly-owned subsidiary, is developing a natural gas liquefaction project at the site of our Lake Charles LNG import terminal and regasification facility. The project would utilize existing dock and storage facilities owned by Lake Charles LNG located on the Lake Charles site. Lake Charles LNG Export entered into a prior development agreement with Shell in March 2019; however, Shell withdrew from the project in March 2020 due to adverse market factors affecting Shell’s business following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The project as currently designed is fully permitted by federal, state and local authorities, has all necessary export licenses and benefits from the infrastructure related to the existing regasification facility at the same site, including four LNG storage tanks, two deep water docks and other assets. 
Since the beginning of 2022, Lake Charles LNG Export has executed six LNG off-take agreements, for an aggregate of nearly 8 million tonnes per annum, including a 20-year LNG agreement with Shell NA LNG LLC. We have also signed nonbinding letter agreements with two Japanese customers for LNG offtake, and we are in active negotiations with several customers for long-term offtake contracts for significant volumes of LNG. We are making progress on all aspects of the project. Upon completion of the LNG project, we expect to realize significant incremental cash flows from transportation of natural gas on our Trunkline pipeline system, and other Energy Transfer pipelines upstream from Lake Charles.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The acquisition of Tableau in August 2019 contributed approximately $1.5 billion and $652 million to total subscription and support revenues in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, and is included in the above amounts. As a result of our business combination activity, we recorded unearned revenue related to acquired contracts from acquired entities at fair value on the date of acquisition. As a result, we did not recognize certain revenues related to these acquired contracts that the acquired entities would have otherwise recorded as an independent entity. 
Our Industry Offerings revenue is included in either Sales, Service or Platform and Other depending on the primary service offering purchased. Subscription and support revenues from Platform and Other benefited from a full twelve months of revenue from the acquisition of Tableau in fiscal 2021 as compared to six months in fiscal 2020. The revenue growth rates of each of our core service offerings have been and may be impacted by COVID-19 in the future, depending on our customers’ actual and projected business needs. For example, we experienced increased demand for our Marketing and Commerce service offering for fiscal 2021 when compared to prior periods. 
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. The increase in Americas revenues was the result of the increasing acceptance of our services and the investment of additional sales resources. The increase in revenues outside of the Americas was the result of the increasing acceptance of our services, our focus on marketing our services internationally and investment in additional international sales resources. Revenues in the Americas and Europe also benefited from our acquisition of Tableau in August 2019. Foreign currency fluctuations had a minimal impact on revenues outside of the Americas for fiscal 2021 and 2020.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The legislation established various new provisions, including a new provision that taxes U.S. allocated expenses (e.g. interest and general administrative expenses) as well as currently taxes certain income from foreign operations (Global Intangible Low-Tax Income, or “GILTI”). As of December 31, 2018, we have made a policy decision and elected to treat taxes due from GILTI as a current period expense. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ("TCJA") established the Global Intangible Low-Tax Income ("GILTI") provision, which taxes U.S. allocated expenses and certain income from foreign operations; the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income ("FDII") provision, which allows a deduction against certain types of US taxable income resulting in a lower effective US tax rate on such income; and the Base Erosion Anti-abuse Tax ("BEAT"), which is a new minimum tax based on cross-border service payments by U.S. entities. 
Our 2018 effective tax rate of 27.2 % was unfavorably impacted by net tax expenses from $ 128 million of discrete one-time events as well as unfavorable provisions within the new U.S. tax reform legislation, partially offset by the favorable mix of pre-tax income in various non-U.S. tax jurisdictions as well as the reduction in the U.S. federal tax rate. The discrete net tax expenses included a $ 192 million deferred tax expense related to a $ 778 million gain on the KDP transaction reported as a gain on equity method investment as well as $ 19 million expense from the final updates to the provisional impacts from U.S. tax reform reported as of 2017 year-end, partially offset by an $ 81 million benefit from favorable audit settlements and statutes of limitations in various jurisdictions.
