MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenues decreased $30 million (0.5%), due to unfavorable currency (1.3 pp), the impact of a divestiture (0.9 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (0.6 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (2.3 pp). Unfavorable currency impacts were due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies in the region, including the Indian rupee, South African rand, Australian dollar and Pakistan rupee, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the Philippine peso, Egyptian pound, Japanese yen and Chinese yuan. The May 28, 2019 divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $55 million. Unfavorable volume/mix was due to unfavorable product mix as overall higher volume was tempered by the negative volume impact from COVID-19 related lockdowns impacting our traditional trade markets. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in gum, chocolate, candy and refreshment beverages, partially offset by gains in biscuits and cheese & grocery. Higher net pricing was driven by chocolate, biscuits, refreshment beverages and cheese & grocery, partially offset by lower net pricing in candy and gum. 
Segment operating income increased $130 million (18.8%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lapping prior-year expenses from the resolution of tax matters in India totaling $87 million, lower manufacturing costs (net of incremental COVID-19 related costs), lower other selling, general and administrative expenses, lower intangible asset impairment charges and lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, unfavorable volume/mix, unfavorable currency and the impact of the prior-year divestiture. 
Net revenues increased $41 million (0.7%), due to favorable volume/mix (3.6 pp) and higher net pricing (1.7 pp), mostly offset by unfavorable currency (3.3 pp) and the impact of a divestiture (1.3 pp). Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains across all categories except refreshment beverages and candy. Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories. Unfavorable currency impacts were due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies in the region, including the Australian dollar, Chinese yuan, Indian rupee and South African rand. The divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa on May 28, 2019, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $71 million.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
During fiscal year 2017, the Company completed four secondary offerings of its common stock held primarily by investment funds associated with or designated by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC (“CD&R”) and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., L.P. (“KKR” and, together with CD&R, the “Former Sponsors”). Following the completion of the final offering in December 2017, the Former Sponsors no longer held any shares of the Company’s common stock. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the offerings. The December 2017 offering also included the Company’s repurchase of 10,000,000  shares of common stock from the underwriter at $28.00  per share, which was the price the underwriter purchased the shares from the Former Sponsors in the offering. The $280 million  paid for the share repurchase reduced additional paid-in capital $96 million , with the remaining $184 million  recognized in retained earnings as a constructive dividend. 
The closing of the Company’s share repurchase occurred substantially concurrently with the closing of the offering, and the repurchased shares were retired. In accordance with terms of the prior registration rights agreement with the Former Sponsors, the Company incurred approximately $5 million  of expenses in connection with the offerings, approximately $1 million  of which was incurred in 2016. Underwriting discounts and commissions were paid by the selling stockholders. 
KKR Capital Markets LLC (“KKR Capital Markets”), an affiliate of KKR, received a de minimis fee for services rendered in connection with the February 2017 amendment of the Term Loan Facility. Additionally, KKR Capital Markets received underwriter discounts and commissions of $5 million  in connection with the Company’s IPO, and $1 million  for services rendered in connection with the Company's June 2016 debt refinancing transactions.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
