MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Certain of our U.S. and non-U.S. plans are underfunded with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets. For these plans, the projected benefit obligations, accumulated benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets were: 
Year-end discount rates for our U.S., Canadian, Eurozone and U.K. plans were developed from a model portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments with durations that match the expected future cash flows of the benefit obligations. Year-end discount rates for our remaining non-U.S. plans were developed from local bond indices that match local benefit obligations as closely as possible. Changes in our discount rates were primarily the result of changes in bond yields year-over-year. We determine our expected rate of return on plan assets from the plan assets’ historical long-term investment performance, current asset allocation and estimates of future long-term returns by asset class. 
For the periods presented, we measure service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along a yield curve used to measure plan obligations to the plans’ liability cash flows. We believe this approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans’ liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents, for our International Networks segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, Adjusted OIBDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted OIBDA to operating income (in millions). 
As reported advertising revenue increase d 2% for the year ended December 31, 2019 . Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, advertising revenue increase d 8% . On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, advertising revenue increase d 4% . On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the increase was primarily driven by the consolidation of the UKTV Lifestyle Business, growth in DTC initiatives and, to a lesser extent, higher pricing in certain markets in Europe, partially offset by the impact of the Olympics in 2018. 
As reported distribution revenue increase d 1% for the year ended December 31, 2019 . Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increase d 7% . On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increase d 5% . On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the increase was primarily attributable to the impact of certain content licensing arrangements in our Latin America business unit, higher affiliate rates in Europe and monetization of DTC initiatives in Europe and Asia.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Endangered Species. The Endangered Species Act, as amended, restricts activities that may affect endangered or threatened species or their habitat. Similar protections are offered to migratory birds under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. We may operate in areas that are currently designated as a habitat for endangered or threatened species or where the discovery of previously unidentified endangered species, or the designation of additional species as endangered or threatened may occur in which event such one or more developments could cause us to incur additional costs, to develop habitat conservation plans, to become subject to expansion or operating restrictions, or bans in the affected areas. Moreover, such designation of previously unprotected species as threatened or endangered in areas where our oil and natural gas exploration and production customers 
operate could cause our customers to incur increased costs arising from species protection measures and could result in delays or limitations in our customers’ performance of operations, which could reduce demand for our services. 
Climate Change. Climate change continues to attract considerable public, governmental and scientific attention. As a result, numerous proposals have been made and are likely to continue to be made at the international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit emissions of greenhouse gases (“GHGs”). These efforts have included consideration of cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes and GHG reporting and tracking programs, and regulations that directly limit GHG emissions from certain sources. In the United States, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level to date. However, Canada has implemented a federal carbon pricing regime, and, in the United States, President Biden has announced that he intends to pursue substantial reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, particularly from the oil and gas sector. For example, on January 27, 2021, President Biden signed an executive order that commits to substantial action on climate change, calling for, among other things, the increased use of zero-emissions vehicles by the federal government, the elimination of subsidies provided to the fossil fuel industry, an increase in the production of offshore wind energy, and an increased emphasis on climate-related risks across government agencies and economic sectors. Additionally, the EPA has adopted rules under authority of the Clean Air Act that, among other things, establish Potential for Significant Deterioration (“PSD”) construction and Title V operating permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources that are also potential major sources of certain principal, or criteria, pollutant emissions, which reviews could require securing PSD permits at covered facilities emitting GHGs and meeting “best available control technology” standards for those GHG emissions. In addition, the EPA has adopted rules requiring the monitoring and annual reporting of GHG emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas system sources in the United States, including, among others, onshore processing, transmission, storage and distribution facilities. In October 2015, the EPA amended and expanded the GHG reporting requirements to all segments of the oil and natural gas industry, including gathering and boosting facilities and blowdowns of natural gas transmission pipelines.
