WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The full extent of COVID-19’s effects on our operations and results is not yet known and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity and the extent of future surges of COVID-19, vaccine distribution and other actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, among others. We will continue to monitor COVID-19 and its impact on our business results and financial condition. The consolidated financial statements set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect management’s latest estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods presented. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates and assumptions. 
The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of most of the Company’s international subsidiaries is the local currency. Financial statements of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates for revenues and expenses for the respective periods. Translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Cash flows from the Company's operations in foreign countries are generally translated at the weighted average rate for the applicable period in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
The Company is exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that it enters into transactions denominated in currencies other than its subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies. Transactions denominated in currencies other than subsidiaries’ functional currencies are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise. Such transactions include affiliate and ad sales arrangements, content arrangements, equipment and other vendor purchases and intercompany transactions. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in the Company's consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses based upon period-end exchange rates. The Company also records realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency are included in other income (expense), net.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Skelly-Belvieu Pipeline transports mixed NGLs from Skellytown, Texas to Mont Belvieu. The Skelly-Belvieu Pipeline receives a significant quantity of NGLs through an interconnect with our Mid-America Pipeline System at Skellytown. Our 50% ownership interest in the Skelly-Belvieu Pipeline is held indirectly through our equity method investment in Skelly-Belvieu Pipeline Company, L.L.C.
 • The Front Range Pipeline transports mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities located in the DJ Basin in Colorado to an interconnect with our Texas Express Pipeline, Mid-America Pipeline System and other third party facilities located at Skellytown, Texas. Our 33.3% ownership interest in the Front Range Pipeline is held indirectly through our equity method investment in Front Range Pipeline LLC. As previously mentioned, we expect to complete an expansion project during the second quarter of 2020 that will increase transportation capacity on the Front Range Pipeline by 100 MBPD.
 • The Houston Ship Channel Pipeline System connects our Mont Belvieu area assets to our marine terminals on the Houston Ship Channel and to area petrochemical plants, refineries and other pipelines.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 52 Weeks Ended 52 Weeks Ended 52 Weeks Ended August 29, 2021 August 30, 2020 September 1, 2019 REVENUE Net sales $ 192,052   $ 163,220   $ 149,351   Membership fees 3,877   3,541   3,352   Total revenue 195,929   166,761   152,703   OPERATING EXPENSES Merchandise costs 170,684   144,939   132,886   Selling, general and administrative 18,461   16,332   14,994   Preopening expenses 76   55   86   Operating income 6,708   5,435   4,737   OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Interest expense ( 171 ) ( 160 ) ( 150 ) Interest income and other, net 143   92   178   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 6,680   5,367   4,765   Provision for income taxes 1,601   1,308   1,061   Net income including noncontrolling interests 5,079   4,059   3,704   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
