ALLSTATE CORP report:
Any potential changes in assumptions discussed above are measured without consideration of correlation among assumptions. Therefore, it would be inappropriate to add them together in an attempt to estimate overall variability in amortization . 
Evaluation of goodwill for impairment Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired, less any impairment of goodwill recognized. Goodwill is recognized when acquired and allocated to reporting units based on which unit is expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Our goodwill reporting units are equivalent to our reportable segments: Allstate Protection, Service Businesses, Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits to which goodwill has been assigned. 
Upon acquisition, the purchase price of the acquired business is assumed to be its fair value. Subsequently, we estimate the fair value of our businesses in each goodwill reporting unit, utilizing a combination of widely accepted valuation techniques including a stock price and market capitalization analysis, discounted cash flow (“DCF”) calculations and an estimate of a business’s fair value using market to book multiples derived from peer company analysis. The stock price and market capitalization analysis takes into consideration the quoted market price of our outstanding common stock and includes a control premium, derived from relevant historical acquisition activity, in determining the estimated fair value of the consolidated entity before allocating that fair value to individual reporting units. The DCF analysis utilizes long term assumptions for revenues, investment income, benefits, claims, other operating expenses and income taxes to produce projections of both income and cash flows available for dividends that are present valued using the weighted average cost of capital. Market to book multiples represent the mean market to book multiple for selected peer companies with operations similar to our goodwill reporting units to which the multiple is applied. The outputs from these methods are weighted based on the nature of the business and the relative amount of market observable assumptions supporting the estimates. The computed values are then weighted to reflect the fair value estimate based on the specific attributes of each goodwill reporting unit.

BOEING CO report:
We provide certain defined contribution plans to all eligible employees. The principal plans are the Company-sponsored 401(k) plans. The expense for these defined contribution plans was $ 1,533 , $ 1,480 and $ 1,522 in 2019, 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
Our 2003 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended and restated, permits awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or units, performance shares, performance restricted stock or units, performance units and other stock and cash-based awards to our employees, officers, directors, consultants, and independent contractors. The aggregate number of shares of our stock authorized for issuance under the plan is 87,000,000 . 
Shares issued as a result of stock option exercises or conversion of stock unit awards will be funded out of treasury shares, except to the extent there are insufficient treasury shares, in which case new shares will be issued. We believe we currently have adequate treasury shares to satisfy these issuances during 2020 .

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Short-term investments generally consist of debt securities (U.S. Government and Agency Notes), with maturities at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five 
years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. These available-for-sale investments have a low level of inherent credit risk given they are issued by the U.S. Government and Agencies. Changes in their fair value are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis. 
The Company periodically evaluates unrealized losses in its investment securities for credit impairment, using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. In the event a security is deemed to be impaired as the result of a credit loss, the Company recognizes the loss in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income.
