SALESFORCE INC report:
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and their customers together in the digital age. Founded in 1999, we enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain and artificial intelligence, to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. 
With our Customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to help companies with their digital transformation. Customer 360 gives teams sales, service, marketing and commerce capabilities and more, and a single shared view of their customers so they can work together to build lasting, trusted relationships and deliver the personalized experiences their customers expect. With our acquisition of Slack Technologies, Inc. (“Slack”) in July 2021, we are also creating a new digital headquarters where companies, employees, governments, and stakeholders can create success from anywhere. 
Our Customer 360 service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, rapidly deployed and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. We also enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings.

BOEING CO report:
( 31 ) 0.2   ( 229 ) 10.1   Tax deductible dividends ( 13 ) 0.1   ( 53 ) 2.4   Income tax (benefit)/expense ($ 743 ) 14.7   % ($ 2,535 ) 17.5   % ($ 1,623 ) 71.8   % 
(1) On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted, which includes a five year net operating loss (NOL) carryback provision which enabled us to benefit from the 2020 U.S. federal tax NOL at the former federal tax rate of 35 %. In 2021 and 2020, we recorded tax expense of $ 3 and tax benefits of $ 1,175 related to the NOL carryback provision. 
(3)   In the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded a tax benefit of $ 587 related to the settlement of the 2015-2017 federal tax audit. In the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded a tax benefit of $ 371 related to the settlement of state tax audits spanning 15 tax years.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in Brazil and non-income tax claims in Argentina, and we make provisions for potential liabilities arising from such claims when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. These estimates of probable loss have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. 
Future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. For more information on tax and labor claims in Brazil, see "Item 3. Legal Proceedings " and Note 21- Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements. 
We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. We consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation allowances. If we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. Conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense.
