SALESFORCE INC report:
Our Customer Success Platform - including sales force automation, customer service and support, marketing automation, digital commerce, community management, industry-specific solutions, analytics, integration solutions, application development, IoT integration, collaborative productivity tools, our AppExchange, which is our enterprise cloud marketplace, and our professional cloud services - provides the tools customers need to succeed in a digital world. Key elements of our strategy include: 
 We are also committed to a sustainable, low-carbon future, advancing equality and diversity, and fostering employee success. We try to integrate social good into everything we do. All of these goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities. 
We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include: our prospective customers’ willingness to migrate to enterprise cloud computing services; our ability to maintain a balanced portfolio of products and customers; the availability, performance and security of our service; our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of, new and improved features; our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies; successful customer adoption and utilization of our service; our ability to continue to meet new and evolving privacy laws and regulations, acceptance of our service in markets where we have few customers; the emergence of additional competitors in our market and improved product offerings by existing and new competitors; the location of new data centers that we operate as well as the new locations of services provided by third-party cloud computing platform providers; third-party developers’ willingness to develop applications on our platforms; our ability to attract new personnel and retain and motivate current personnel; and general economic conditions which could affect our customers’ ability and willingness to purchase our services, delay the customers’ purchasing decision or affect attrition rates.

BOEING CO report:
Executive Long-Term Incentive Program Employee Long-Term Incentive Program Other Number of units: Outstanding at beginning of year 905,025   908,321   Granted 1,103,608   5,163,425   196,818   Dividends 7,091   7,303   Forfeited ( 104,374 ) ( 33,896 ) Distributed ( 487,749 ) ( 329,227 ) Outstanding at end of year 1,423,601   5,163,425   749,319   Unrecognized compensation cost $ 237   $ 973   $ 102   
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (PBRSUs) are stock units that pay out based on the Company’s total shareholder return as compared to a group of peer companies over a three-year period. The award payout can range from 0 % to 200 % of the initial PBRSU grant. The PBRSUs granted under this program will vest at the payout amount and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an executive terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability, or death, the employee (or beneficiary) remains eligible under the award and, if the award is earned, will receive a proration of stock units based on active employment during the three-year service period. In all other cases, the PBRSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. 
In February 2020, 2019 and 2018, we granted to our executives 290,202 , 214,651 and 241,284 PBRSUs as part of our long-term incentive program. Compensation expense for the award is recognized over the three-year performance period based upon the grant date fair value. The grant date fair values were estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation model with the assumptions presented below. The model includes no expected dividend yield as the units earn dividend equivalents.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Underwriting losses in 2020 and 2019 primarily related to our annual reserve review using established industry and actuarial best practices. The annual review resulted in unfavorable reserve reestimates totaling $132 million and $95 million, in 2020 and 2019, net of $1 million and $6 million reduction in the allowance for future uncollectible reinsurance, respectively. The reserve reestimates are included as part of claims and claims expense. 
Reserve reestimates in 2020 primarily related to new reported information, court decisions and policy buyback settlements for asbestos exposures and higher than expected reported losses for environmental and other discontinued lines exposures. Reserve reestimates in 2019 primarily related to new reported information and settlement agreements, including bankruptcy proceedings, impacting asbestos and other discontinued lines and additional environmental clean-up sites. 
We believe that our reserves are appropriately established based on available facts, technology, laws, regulations, and assessments of other pertinent factors and characteristics of exposure (e.g., claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by individual policyholders, assuming no change in the legal, legislative or economic environment. However, as we progress with the resolution of disputed claims in the courts and arbitrations and with negotiations and settlements, our reported losses may be more variable.
