BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Deborah Borg, 42 —Ms. Borg joined Bunge in January 2016. She joined Bunge from Dow Chemical, where she served as President Dow USA, a role in which she was responsible for regional business strategy and external relationships with customers, government organizations and joint venture partners. She started her career at Dow in 2000 as Human Resources Manager for Australia / New Zealand and went on to hold regional and business HR roles in Asia, Europe and North America. She also served as Global HR Director, Marketing and Sales, and led the Human Capital Planning and Development function for Dow focusing on talent acquisition, retention, diversity and development. Previously, Ms. Borg served in HR and talent development roles with General Motors Australia. She holds a Bachelor of Business Management in Human Resources and a Master in Training and Change Management from Victoria University, Australia. 
Robert Coviello , 50—Mr. Coviello has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Growth and Strategy Officer since January 2019. Prior to that he served as Managing Director, Southeast Asia and China from 2016 to 2018. Prior to that he held a variety of commercial leadership positions for Bunge in Asia, Europe and the United States. Prior to joining Bunge in 2003, he served in commercial and trading roles at Cargill. He holds a bachelor’s degree from Dartmouth College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. 
Christos Dimopoulos , 45—Mr. Dimopoulos has served as President, Agribusiness since October 2018. Prior to that he served most recently as Senior Vice President, Global Grains and Oilseeds since December 2017. He joined the company in

BOEING CO report:
This report, as well as our annual report to shareholders, quarterly reports and other filings we make with the SEC, press and earnings releases and other written and oral communications, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “may,” “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “projects,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “targets,” “anticipates” and similar expressions generally identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future financial condition and operating results, as well as any other statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. 
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable when made, but that may not prove to be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many factors, including those set forth in the “Risk Factors” section below and other important factors disclosed in this report and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC, could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
Currently, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings. For a discussion of contingencies related to legal proceedings, see Note 21 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which is hereby incorporated by reference.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
lower overall investment risk when a plan is in a stronger funded status position since there is less economic incentive to take risk to increase the expected returns on the plan assets. As a result, the primary employee plan has a greater allocation to equity securities than the employee-agent plan. The primary qualified employee plan comprises 81%  of total plan assets and 82%  of equity securities. The pension plans’ asset exposure within each asset category is tracked against widely accepted established benchmarks for each asset class with limits on variation from the benchmark established in the investment policy. Pension plan assets are regularly monitored for compliance with these limits and other risk limits specified in the investment policies. 
The actual percentage of plan assets for equity securities includes 1%  and 2 % of private equity investments in 2018  and 2017 , respectively, that are subject to the limited partnership interests target allocation and 4%  and 3%  of fixed income mutual funds in 2018  and 2017 , respectively, that are subject to the fixed income securities target allocation. 
 The target asset allocation for an asset category may be achieved either through direct investment holdings, through replication using derivative instruments (e.g., futures or swaps) or net of hedges using derivative instruments to reduce exposure to an asset category. The net notional amount of derivatives used for replication and hedges is limited to 105%  or 115%  of total plan assets depending on the plan. Market performance of the different asset categories may, from time to time, cause deviation from the target
