BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Borrowings under the revolving credit facilities that have maturities greater than one year from the date of the consolidated balance sheets are classified as long-term debt, consistent with the long-term maturity of the underlying facilities. However, individual borrowings under the revolving credit facilities are generally short-term in nature, bear interest at variable rates and can be repaid or renewed as each such individual borrowing matures. 
 On December 14, 2018, we entered into an unsecured $1,100 million five-year syndicated revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with certain lenders party thereto maturing December 14, 2023. We have the option to request an extension of the maturity date of the Credit Agreement for two additional one-year periods, subject to the consent of the lenders. The Credit Agreement replaced the then existing $1,100 million five-year revolving credit agreement, dated as of November 20, 2014, which was terminated by us in accordance with its terms. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.625%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt ("Rating Level"). Amounts under the Credit Agreement that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee at rates ranging from 0.09% to 0.225%, varying based on the Rating Level. We may, from time-to-time, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments under the Credit Agreement by up to $200 million pursuant to an accordion provision. At December 31, 2018, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 
On May 1, 2018, in connection with our previously announced strategy to reduce our exposure to the sugar milling business in Brazil, we entered into an unsecured $700 million, five-year revolving credit facility, which upon fulfillment of certain conditions is convertible into a non-recourse secured term loan facility with our sugar milling business as the borrower. This facility provides financial flexibility to fund our sugar milling business on a stand-alone basis. Additionally, subject to lender approval, we may request an increase, in an amount not to exceed $100 million, to the revolving credit facility commitments pursuant to an accordion provision set forth in the revolving credit facility. There were no borrowings outstanding under the facility at December 31, 2018.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Reinsurance and indemnification programs We utilize reinsurance to reduce exposure to catastrophe risk and manage capital, and to support the required statutory surplus and the insurance financial strength ratings of certain subsidiaries such as Castle Key Insurance Company (“CKIC”) and Allstate New Jersey Insurance Company (“ANJ”). We purchase significant reinsurance to manage our aggregate countrywide exposure to an acceptable level. The price and terms of reinsurance and the credit quality of the reinsurer are considered in the purchase process. We have also purchased reinsurance to mitigate exposures in our long-tail liability lines, including environmental, asbestos and other run-off lines as well as our commercial lines, including shared economy. We also participate in various indemnification mechanisms, including state-based industry pool or facility programs mandating participation by insurers offering certain coverage in their state and the federal government National Flood Insurance Program (“NFIP”). See Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements for additional details on these programs. 
N/A N/A $ 6,722 $ 6,695 New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association (“PLIGA”) N/A N/A 330 371 North Carolina Reinsurance Facility (“NCRF”) N/A N/A 292 279 Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (“FHCF”) N/A N/A 96 25 Other 7 7 
N/A N/A 145 34 Subtotal 7,592 7,411 Catastrophe reinsurance recoverables Sanders RE II LTD. N/A N/A 85 303 Swiss Reinsurance America Corporation AA- A+ 64 88 Renaissance Reinsurance Limited N/A A+ 56 106 Other 558 873 Subtotal 763 1,370

BOEING CO report:
The Company’s firm fixed-price contract for the Engineering, Manufacturing, and Development (EMD) effort on the U.S. Air Force’s (USAF) VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, commonly known as Air Force One, is a $ 4.3 billion program to develop and modify two 747-8 commercial aircraft. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we increased the reach-forward loss on the contract by $ 1,452 primarily driven by increases to cost estimates associated with factory modification labor and support engineering resources due to labor instability and inefficiencies that we now estimate will persist longer than previously anticipated, higher supplier cost estimates based on ongoing supplier negotiations and higher levels of engineering design changes due to technical requirements which are driving increased rework and schedule delays. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods. 
In 2011, we were awarded a contract from the USAF to design, develop, manufacture, and deliver four next generation aerial refueling tankers as well as priced options for 13 annual production lots totaling 179 aircraft. This EMD contract is a fixed-price incentive fee contract and involves highly complex designs and systems integration. Since 2016, the USAF has authorized eight low rate initial production (LRIP) lots for a total of 109 aircraft. The EMD contract and authorized LRIP lots total approximately $ 21 billion as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $ 209 of capitalized precontract costs and $ 292 of potential termination liabilities to suppliers related to unexercised future lots. 
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we increased the reach-forward loss on the KC-46A Tanker program by $ 1,374 primarily reflecting higher production and supply chain costs partially driven by labor instability and supply chain disruption, most of which was recorded during the third quarter of 2022. The increase in production costs was primarily driven by factory unit time performance expectations that assume continued production disruption due to labor instability and supply chain disruption. Factory unit time estimates also reflect reduced benefits from prior investments in productivity enablers and higher factory unit time to produce aircraft for the remaining life of the program. The current year losses also reflect increased estimated change incorporation costs for flight test aircraft as well as schedule delays to complete the Remote Vision System. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods.
