WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Critical assumptions used in determining content amortization include: (i) the grouping of content with similar characteristics, (ii) the application of a quantitative revenue forecast model or viewership model based on the adequacy of historical data, (iii) determining the appropriate historical periods to utilize and the relative weighting of those historical periods in the forecast model, (iv) assessing the accuracy of our forecasts and (v) incorporating secondary streams. We then consider the appropriate application of the quantitative assessment given forecasted content use, expected content investment and market trends. Content use and future revenues may differ from estimates based on changes in expectations related to market acceptance, network affiliate fee rates, advertising demand, the number of cable and satellite television subscribers receiving our networks, the number of subscribers to our digital services, and program usage. Accordingly, we continually review our estimates and planned usage and revise our assumptions if necessary. 
We have ownership and other interests in and contractual arrangements with various entities, including corporations, partnerships, and limited liability companies. For each such entity, we evaluate our ownership, other interests and contractual arrangements to determine whether we should consolidate the entity or account for its interest as an investment at inception and upon reconsideration events. As part of its evaluation, we initially determine whether the entity is a variable interest entity ("VIE"). Management evaluates key considerations through a qualitative and quantitative analysis in determining whether an entity is a VIE including whether (i) the entity has sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional financial support from other parties, (ii) the ability or inability to make significant decisions about the entity’s operations, and (iii) the proportionality of voting rights of investors relative to their obligations to absorb the expected losses (or receive the expected returns) of the entity. If the entity is a VIE and if we have a variable interest in the entity, we use judgment in determining if we are the primary beneficiary and are thus required to consolidate the entity. In making this determination, we evaluate whether we or another party involved with the VIE (1) has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses of or receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. 
If it is concluded that an entity is not a VIE, we consider our proportional voting interests in the entity and consolidate majority-owned subsidiaries in which a controlling financial interest is maintained. A controlling financial interest is determined by majority ownership and the absence of substantive third-party participation rights. Key factors we consider in determining the presence of substantive third-party participation rights include, but are not limited to, control of the board of directors, budget approval or veto rights, or operational rights that significantly impact the economic performance of the business such as programming, creative development, marketing, and selection of key personnel. Ownership interests in unconsolidated entities for which we have significant influence are accounted for as equity method.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
From time to time, we grant third parties licenses to use one or more of our trademarks, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets in connection with the manufacture, sale or distribution of third party products. Similarly, we sell some products under brands, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets we license from third parties. In our agreement with Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (“Kraft Foods Group,” which is now part of The Kraft Heinz Company), we each granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and their respective intellectual property rights in named jurisdictions following the spin-off of our North American grocery business. 
We pursue four objectives in research and development: product safety and quality, growth through new products, superior consumer satisfaction and reduced costs. Our innovation efforts focus on anticipating consumer demands and adapting quickly to changing market trends. Well-being and healthy snacking are a significant focus of our current research and development initiatives. These initiatives aim to accelerate our growth and margins by addressing consumer needs and market trends and leveraging scalable innovation platforms and breakthrough technologies. We are in the process of completing a $65 million plan to build out and modernize our network of global research and development facilities. We celebrated the official opening of our Wroclaw, Poland technical center in 2017, and during 2018 we completed the modernization at the technical centers located at Suzhou, China; Jurong, Singapore and Thane, India. We are focusing our technical resources at eleven large locations to drive growth and innovation. Our network of technical centers enable greater effectiveness, improved efficiency and accelerated project delivery. These locations are in Curitiba, Brazil; Suzhou, China; Thane, India; Mexico City, Mexico; East Hanover, New Jersey; Wroclaw, Poland; Jurong, Singapore; Bournville, United Kingdom; Reading, United Kingdom; Saclay, France and Munich, Germany. 
At December 31, 2018 , we had approximately 2,400 scientists and engineers, of which 1,800 are primarily focused on research and development and the remainder are primarily focused on quality assurance and regulatory affairs. Our research and development expense was $362 million in 2018 , $366 million in 2017 and $376 million in 2016 .

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Clean Water Act.   The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended, (“Clean Water Act”) and comparable state laws impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of pollutants, including hydrocarbon-bearing wastes, into state waters and waters of the United States. Pursuant to the Clean Water Act and similar state laws, a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, or state permit, or both, must be obtained to discharge pollutants into federal and state waters. In addition, the Clean Water Act and comparable state laws require that individual permits or coverage under general permits be obtained by subject facilities for discharges of storm water runoff. The Clean Water Act also prohibits the discharge of dredge and fill material in regulated waters, including wetlands, unless authorized by permit. In May 2015, the EPA issued a final rule that attempts to clarify the federal jurisdictional reach over waters of the United States but this rule has been stayed nationwide by the United States Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals as that appellate court and numerous district courts ponder lawsuits opposing implementation of the rule. In June 2015, the EPA and the United States Army Corps of Engineers (“USACE”) published a final rule attempting to clarify the federal jurisdictional reach over waters of the United States, but legal challenges to this rule followed. The 2015 rule was stayed nationwide to determine whether federal district or appellate courts had jurisdiction to hear cases in the matter and, in January 2017, the United States Supreme Court agreed to hear the case. The EPA and USACE proposed a rulemaking in June 2017 to repeal the June 2015 rule, announced their intent to issue a new rule defining the Clean Water Act’s jurisdiction, and published a proposed rule in November 2017 specifying that the contested May 2015 rule would not take effect until two years after the November 2017 proposed rule was finalized and published in the Federal Register. In January 2018, the United States Supreme Court issued a decision finding that jurisdiction resides with the federal district courts. Also in January 2018, the EPA and USACE finalized a rule that would delay applicability of the rule to two years from the rule’s publication in the Federal Register. The EPA and USACE formally proposed a rule revising the definition of “waters of the United States” in December 2018. The proposed definition would substantially reduce the scope of waters that fall within the Clean Water Act’s jurisdiction, in part by excluding ephemeral streams. The EPA and the USACE had previously determined that ephemeral streams could potentially qualify as “waters of the United States,” which would not be possible under the proposed definition. As a result of these developments, future implementation of the June 2015 rule or any replacement rule is uncertain at this time but to the extent any rule expands the scope of the Clean Water Act’s jurisdiction, our operations as well as our exploration and production customers’ drilling programs could incur increased costs and delays with respect to obtaining permits for dredge and fill activities in wetland areas. 
Spills. Our operations can result in the discharge of regulated substances, including NGLs, crude oil or other products. The Clean Water Act, as amended by the federal Oil Pollution Act of 1990, as amended, (“OPA”), and comparable state laws impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of regulated substances into state waters or waters of the United States. The Clean Water Act and comparable state laws can impose substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties for non-compliance including spills and other non-authorized discharges. The OPA subjects owners of covered facilities to strict joint and potentially unlimited liability for removal costs and other consequences of a release of oil, where the release is into navigable waters, along shorelines or in the exclusive economic zone of the United States. Spill prevention control and countermeasure requirements of the Clean Water Act and some state laws require that containment dikes and similar structures be installed to help prevent the impact on navigable waters in the event of a release of oil. The PHMSA, the EPA, or various state regulatory agencies, has approved our oil spill emergency response plans that are to be used in the event of a spill incident. 
In addition, some states maintain groundwater protection programs that require permits for discharges or operations that may impact groundwater conditions. Our management believes that compliance with existing permits and compliance with foreseeable new permit requirements will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or expected cash flows.
