ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
On October 28, 2022, the EPA issued a Notice of Proposed Debarment (“NPD”) arising from SPLP’s and ETC Northeast Pipeline, LLC’s nolo contendere plea agreements and convictions for violations of Pennsylvania’s Clean Streams Law related to the Revolution and Mariner 2 pipelines. The following entities were proposed for debarment: (1) SPLP (pleading entity); (2) ETC Northeast Pipeline, LLC (pleading entity); (3) Energy Transfer LP; (4) SemGroup LLC; and (5) LE GP, LLC. The NPD presently prevents the named entities from pursuing or renewing Federal government contracts or Federal financial assistance agreements. We are engaging with the EPA to address the EPA’s concerns. Currently, none of the entities named in the NPD are party to any Federal government contracts or Federal financial assistance agreements. 
In July 2021, Energy Transfer LP, Energy Transfer R&M and certain of their affiliates were named as parties in a complaint filed by the Ohio Petroleum Underground Storage Tank Release Compensation Board (“PUSTRCB”) to recover over $8.5 million paid by PUSTRCB to Energy Transfer R&M or on Energy Transfer R&M’s behalf due to alleged false, misleading and/or fraudulent representations. Specifically, in 1996, Energy Transfer R&M filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California (Los Angeles City) against its historic Commercial General Liability (“CGL”) insurers, excess and re-insurers entitled Jalisco et al. v. Argonaut et al. (“Jalisco”) - Case No. BC158441 - seeking a declaration of coverage under insurance policies which had been in place before 1986. The Jalisco action included refineries, Superfund sites, oil fields, pipelines, and service stations, among other sites, and the lawsuit was ultimately settled with the insurers. Sunoco, Inc. received reimbursement from PUSTRCB for costs incurred at service stations located in Ohio, and PUSTRCB now claims that Sunoco, Inc. failed to disclose to PUSTRCB the claims asserted against its insurers, the Jalisco action and the settlements and failed to repay the monies received from PUSTRCB. PUSTRCB seeks compensatory damages, restitution and disgorgement, punitive damages, interest and attorney’s fees. A $3.2 million settlement was agreed upon in December 2022, and the matter was resolved and dismissed in January 2023 without admission of responsibility. 
On February 3, 2022, the State of New Mexico, ex rel. Hector Balderas, Attorney General filed a Complaint against ETO, Transwestern, Kinder Morgan, Inc., El Paso Natural Gas LLC, and Northwest Pipeline, LLC in Cause No. D-101-CV-2022-00174 in the First Judicial District Court, County of Santa Fe, State of New Mexico, seeking to recover statewide damages for contamination with PCBs used for decades by the oil and gas industry in the operation and maintenance of pipeline infrastructure. The complaint alleges discharge or release of PCBs into the natural environment from compressor stations in connection with the operation of the Transwestern Pipeline. Given the early stage of this proceeding, the Partnership is unable at this time to provide an assessment of the potential outcome or range of potential liability, if any.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
While we do not anticipate further changes in the 2020 assumptions for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension and postretirement health care plans, as a sensitivity measure, a fifty-basis point change in our discount rates or the expected rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects, increase/(decrease), on our annual benefit plan costs: 
In accordance with obligations we have under collective bargaining agreements, we participate in multiemployer pension plans. In 2017, the only individually significant multiemployer plan we contributed to was the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund. Our obligation to contribute to the Fund arose with respect to 8 collective bargaining agreements covering most of our employees represented by the Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco and Grain Millers Union. All of those collective bargaining agreements expired in 2016. In 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal from the Fund and recorded a $429 million estimated withdrawal liability. On July 11, 2019, we received an undiscounted withdrawal liability assessment from the Fund totaling $526 million requiring pro-rata monthly payments over 20 years and we recorded a $35 million final adjustment to reduce our 
As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. The provision for income taxes includes the amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. Our provision for income taxes is significantly affected by shifts in the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings across tax jurisdictions, changes in tax laws and regulations, tax planning opportunities available in each tax jurisdiction and the ultimate outcome of various tax audits.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Advertising revenues are principally generated from the sale of commercial time on linear and digital platforms. A substantial portion of the advertising contracts in the U.S. and certain international markets guarantee the advertiser a minimum audience level that either the program in which their advertisements are aired or the advertisement will reach. The Company provides a service to deliver an advertising campaign which is satisfied by the provision of a minimum number of advertising spots in exchange for a fixed fee over a contract period of one year or less. The Company delivers spots in accordance with these contracts during a variety of day parts and programs. In the agreements governing these advertising campaigns, the Company has also promised to deliver to its customers a guaranteed minimum number of viewers (“impressions”) on a specific television network within a particular demographic (e.g. men aged 18-35). These advertising campaigns are considered to represent a single, distinct performance obligation. Revenues are recognized based on the audience level delivered multiplied by the average price per impression. The Company provides the advertiser with advertising until the guaranteed audience level is delivered, and invoiced advertising revenue receivables may exceed the value of the audience delivery. As such, revenues are deferred until the guaranteed audience level is delivered or the rights associated with the guarantee lapse, which is less than one year. Audience guarantees are initially developed internally, based on planned programming, historical audience levels, the success of pilot programs, and market trends. Actual audience and delivery information is published by independent ratings services. In certain instances, the independent ratings information is not received until after the close of the reporting period. In these cases, reported advertising revenue and related deferred revenue are based upon the Company’s estimates of the audience level delivered. Historical adjustments to previously reported estimates have not been material. 
For contracts without an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as each spot airs. The airing of individual spots without a guaranteed audience level are each distinct, individual performance obligations. The Company allocates the consideration to each spot based on its relative standalone selling price. Advertising revenues from digital platforms are recognized as impressions are delivered or the services are performed. 
License fees from the sublicensing of sports rights are recognized when the rights become available for airing. Revenue from the production studios segment is recognized when the content is delivered and available for airing by the customer. Royalties from brand licensing arrangements are earned as products are sold by the licensee. Affiliate and ad sales representation services are recognized as services are provided.
