SALESFORCE INC report:
In February 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire Vlocity, Inc., a leading provider of industry-specific cloud and mobile software for approximately $1.33 billion of cash consideration. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of fiscal 2021, subject to customary closing conditions. 
In October 2019, we acquired ClickSoftware for approximately $1.4 billion. In the event that we fully integrate the operations and assets of ClickSoftware, as well as other acquired Israeli based entities into our operations, we may be subject to a potential one-time income tax charge based on an assumed Israeli statutory tax rate of 23 percent applied to the value of any transferred intangibles. Our tax provision for fiscal 2020 reflects the estimated incremental tax costs associated with the integration of ClickSoftware’s operations and assets. The timing and amount of the cash payment, if any, is uncertain and would be based upon a number of factors, including our integration plans, valuations related to intercompany transactions, the tax rate in effect at the time, potential negotiations with the taxing authorities and potential litigation. 
We believe the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and the communities in which we work and live. Delivering innovative solutions to our customers is core to our mission and, as a technology company, we have developed solutions on the Salesforce Platform that enable our customers and stakeholders to manage and affect environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters that are meaningful to them. We also believe that transparently disclosing the goals and relevant metrics related to our ESG programs will allow our stakeholders to be informed on our progress. To this end, we are working to align with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s (“FSB”) Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) and of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) by the end of fiscal 2021.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• structural heart products, including MitraClip ® , a mitral valve transcatheter edge-to-edge repair system; TriClip ® , a tricuspid valve transcatheter edge-to-edge repair system; Epic ® , a surgical family of aortic valve and mitral valve replacement devices; Portico ® and Navitor™ transcatheter aortic heart valves; Regent™ and Masters Series™ mechanical heart valves; Amplatzer ® PFO occluders; Amplatzer Amulet ® occluder devices; and the Tendyne ® transcatheter mitral valve replacement system; 
• continuous glucose and blood glucose monitoring systems under the FreeStyle ® brand such as the FreeStyle Libre ® system, including sensors, data management decision software, test strips, and accessories for people with diabetes; and 
• neuromodulation products, including spinal cord stimulators Proclaim ® Elite and Proclaim ® XR Recharge-free implantable pulse generators (IPG) and Prodigy MRI ® IPG, each with BurstDR ® stimulation, and Proclaim ® DRG IPG, a neurostimulation device designed for dorsal root ganglion therapy, for the treatment of chronic pain disorders; and the Infinity ® Deep Brain Stimulation System with directional lead technology for the treatment of movement disorders.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In general, a remediation site or issue is typically evaluated on an individual basis based upon information available for the site or issue and no pooling or statistical analysis is used to evaluate an aggregate risk for a group of similar items (for example, service station sites) in determining the amount of probable loss accrual to be recorded. The estimates of environmental remediation costs also frequently involve evaluation of a range of estimates. In many cases, it is difficult to determine that one point in the range of loss estimates is more likely than any other. In these situations, existing accounting guidance allows us the minimum amount of the range to accrue. Accordingly, the low end of the range often represents the amount of loss which has been recorded. The Partnership’s consolidated balance sheet reflected $320 million in environmental accruals as of December 31, 2019 . 
In summary, total future costs for environmental remediation activities will depend upon, among other things, the identification of any additional sites, the determination of the extent of the contamination at each site, the timing and nature of required remedial actions, the nature of operations at each site, the technology available and needed to meet the various existing legal requirements, the nature and terms of cost-sharing arrangements with other potentially responsible parties, the availability of insurance coverage, the nature and extent of future environmental laws and regulations, inflation rates, terms of consent agreements or remediation permits with regulatory agencies and the determination of the Partnership’s liability at the sites, if any, in light of the number, participation level and financial viability of the other parties. The recognition of additional losses, if and when they were to occur, would likely extend over many years, but management can provide no assurance that it would be over many years. If changes in environmental laws or regulations occur or the assumptions used to estimate losses at multiple sites are adjusted, such changes could materially and adversely impact multiple facilities, formerly owned facilities and third-party sites at the same time. As a result, from time to time, significant charges against income for environmental remediation may occur. And while management does not believe that any such charges would have a material adverse impact on the Partnership’s consolidated financial position, it can provide no assurance. 
Transwestern conducts soil and groundwater remediation at a number of its facilities. Some of the cleanup activities include remediation of several compressor sites on the Transwestern system for contamination by PCBs, and the costs of this work are not eligible for recovery in rates. The total accrued future estimated cost of remediation activities expected to continue through 2025 is $4 million , which is included in the total environmental accruals mentioned above. Transwestern received FERC approval for rate recovery of projected soil and groundwater remediation costs not related to PCBs effective April 1, 2007. Transwestern, as part of ongoing arrangements with customers, continues to incur costs associated with containing and removing potential PCB contamination. Future costs cannot be reasonably estimated because remediation activities are undertaken as potential claims are made by customers and former customers. Such future costs are not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, but management can provide no assurance.
