ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We believe we have engaged, and will continue to engage, in a well-balanced plan for growth through strategic acquisitions, internally generated expansion, measures aimed at increasing the profitability of our existing assets and executing cost control measures where appropriate to manage our operations. 
We intend to continue to operate as a diversified, growth-oriented limited partnership. We believe that by pursuing independent operating and growth strategies we will be best positioned to achieve our objectives. We balance our desire for growth with our goal of preserving a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and investment grade credit metrics. 
Growth through acquisitions . We intend to continue to make strategic acquisitions that offer the opportunity for operational efficiencies and the potential for increased utilization and expansion of our existing assets while supporting our investment grade credit ratings.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
In May 2020, JDE Peet’s B.V. (renamed JDE Peet’s N.V. immediately prior to Settlement (as defined below), “JDE Peet’s”) consummated the offering, listing and trading of its ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam, a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (the “admission”). In connection with this transaction, JDE Peet’s and the selling shareholders, including us, agreed to sell at a price of € 31.50 per ordinary share a total of approximately 82.1 million ordinary shares, including ordinary shares subject to an over-allotment option. The ordinary shares were listed and first traded on May 29, 2020, and payment for, and delivery of, the ordinary shares sold in the offering (excluding ordinary shares subject to the over-allotment option) took place on June 2, 2020 (“Settlement”). 
Prior to Settlement, we exchanged our 26.4 % ownership interest in JDE for a 26.5 % equity interest in JDE Peet’s. We did not invest new capital in connection with the transaction and the exchange was accounted for as a change in interest transaction. Upon Settlement, we sold approximately 9.7 million of our ordinary shares in JDE Peet’s in the offering for gross proceeds of € 304 million ($ 343 million). We subsequently sold approximately 1.4 million additional shares and received gross proceeds of € 46 million ($ 51 million) upon exercise of the over-allotment option. Following Settlement and the exercise of the over-allotment option, we held a 22.9 % equity interest in JDE Peet’s. During the second quarter of 2020, we recorded a preliminary gain of $ 121 million, net of $ 33 million released from accumulated other comprehensive losses, and $ 48 million of transaction costs. During the third quarter of 2020, we increased our preliminary gain by $ 10 million to $ 131 million. 
As was the case in our ownership interest in JDE, we have significant influence with respect to JDE Peet’s, and we will continue to account for our investment in JDE Peet’s under the equity method, resulting in recognizing our share of JDE Peet’s earnings within our earnings and our share of JDE Peet’s dividends within our cash flows. In the second quarter of 2020, in connection with this transaction, we changed our accounting principle to reflect our share of JDE’s historical and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, although we continue to record dividends when cash is received. We determined a lag was preferable as it enables us to continue to report our quarterly and annual results on a timely basis, while recording our share of JDE Peet’s ongoing results after JDE Peet’s has publicly reported its results. This change in accounting principle was applied retrospectively to all periods.

SALESFORCE INC report:
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses, for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel and professional services fees. 
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity.
