US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Unsecured Senior Notes due 2024, had a carrying value of $ 597 million, net of $ 3 million of unamortized deferred financing costs, as of January 2, 2021. As of June 15, 2020, this debt was redeemable, at USF’s option, in whole or in part at a price of 101.469 % of the remaining principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. On February 4, 2021, we redeemed all of the then outstanding Unsecured Senior Notes due 2024, as further discussed in Note 27, Subsequent Events. Prior to the redemption, the Unsecured Senior Notes bore interest at a rate of 5.875 % per annum. 
Substantially all of the Company’s assets are pledged under the various agreements governing our indebtedness. The ABL Facility is secured by certain designated receivables, as well as inventory and certain owned transportation equipment and certain unrestricted cash and cash equivalents. Additionally, the lenders under the ABL Facility have a second priority interest in all of the capital stock of USF and its subsidiaries and substantially all other non-real estate assets of USF and its subsidiaries. USF’s obligations under the Initial Term Loan Facility, the 2019 Incremental Term Loan Facility and the 2020 Incremental Term Loan Facility are secured by all the capital stock of USF and its subsidiaries and substantially all the non-real estate assets of USF. Additionally, the lenders under the Initial Term Loan Facility, the 2019 Incremental Term Loan Facility and the 2020 Incremental Term Loan Facility have a second priority interest in the inventory and certain transportation equipment pledged under the ABL Facility. USF’s interest rate swap obligations are secured by the collateral securing the ABL Facility. Pursuant to the terms of the interest rate swap agreements between the interest rate swap counterparty and USF, the interest rate swap counterparty has agreed that its right to receive payment from the sale of the collateral is subordinate to the rights of the lenders under the ABL Facility. 
The agreements governing our indebtedness contain customary covenants. These include, among other things, covenants that restrict our ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, pay dividends, or engage in mergers or consolidations. USF had approximately $ 1.3 billion of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $ 2.8 billion of its net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation as of January 2, 2021.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In certain cases, we are able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, we use a range of SSP. We determine the SSP range using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography. 
Costs Capitalized to Obtain Revenue Contracts. Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years, which, although longer than the typical initial contract period, reflects the average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. Significant judgment is required in arriving at this average period of benefit. Therefore, we evaluate both qualitative and quantitative factors which include the estimated life cycles of our offerings and our customer attrition. 
Business Combinations. Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pre-acquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets.
