BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into U.S. dollars. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also, certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. Local currency loans in U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the U.S. are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange (losses) gains - net. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded a foreign currency gain on net debt of $101 million versus a foreign currency loss on net debt for the year ended December 31, 2021 of $78 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile Net income to Cash used for operating activities in the line item "Foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. This adjustment is required as the gains and losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations. 
Investing: Cash provided by investing activities was $6,499 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to $5,113 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of $1,386 million. The increase was primarily due to higher net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, driven by higher commodity prices and increased program capacity, partially offset by increased capital expenditures and lower proceeds received on the sale of our Mexican wheat milling business during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to proceeds received from the sales of a portfolio of interior grain elevators located in the United States and our oils facilities in Rotterdam and Mexico during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
Financing: Cash used for financing activities was $769 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of $863 million, compared to cash used for financing activities of $1,632 million for the year ended December 31, 2021,

SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. In July 2021, we acquired Slack, a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We plan to integrate Slack with most Salesforce offerings.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
VIEs are entities that lack sufficient equity to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, have equity investors that do not have the ability to make significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations through voting rights, do not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses, or do not have the right to receive the residual returns of the entity. We consolidate the assets and liabilities of VIEs when we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the party that has the power to make the decisions that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
In June 2016, the FASB issued Topic 326 which requires certain financial assets to be measured at amortized cost net of an allowance for estimated credit losses, such that the net receivable represents the present value of expected cash collection. In addition, this standard update requires that certain financial assets be measured at amortized cost reflecting an allowance for estimated credit losses expected to occur over the life of the assets. The estimate of credit losses must be based on all relevant information including historical information, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the amounts. An entity applies the update through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective (January 1, 2020). A prospective transition approach is required for debt securities for which an other-than-temporary impairment has been recognized before the effective date. Early adoption of this standard is permitted. 
We adopted Topic 326 beginning on January 1, 2020 using the modified retrospective approach with a cumulative effect adjustment to opening retained earnings recorded at the beginning of the period of adoption. Therefore upon adoption, we recognized and measured estimated credit losses without revising comparative period information or disclosures. We recorded the pre-tax cumulative effect of $ 265 million ($ 200 million net of tax) as a reduction to the January 1, 2020 opening balance of retained earnings, which was related to the timing of expected credit loss recognition for certain device payment plan receivables based upon reasonable and supportable forecasts of the future economic condition as of January 1, 2020. Additionally, the adoption of the standard impacted the consolidated balance sheet by presenting financial assets measured at amortized cost separate from the allowance for estimated credit losses. There is no significant impact to our operating results upon the adoption of this standard update.
