ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2019, we completed the conversion of the Midland-to-Sealy segment of one of our two Seminole NGL pipelines from NGL service to crude oil service, thus creating the Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline. The pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 444 miles to our Sealy terminal, with crude oil volumes arriving at Sealy transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline. The Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline, which was placed into limited service in February 2019 and full service in April 2019, provides us with up to 225 MBPD of incremental crude oil transportation capacity. We retain the flexibility to convert this pipeline back to NGL service should future market conditions support the need for additional NGL transportation capacity out of the Permian Basin.
In July 2019, we announced an expansion of our Midland-to-ECHO System that we refer to as the “Midland-to-ECHO 3” pipeline, which is comprised of a 36-inch pipeline we are currently constructing from Midland, Texas to our ECHO terminal and further to a third-party terminal in Webster, Texas (“Midland-to-Webster”). We expect the Midland-to-ECHO segment of Midland-to-Webster to be placed into service during the third quarter of 2020, with the ECHO-to-Webster segment following in the fourth quarter of 2020. Prior to completion of the ECHO-to-Webster segment, our transportation capacity will be 200 MBPD. Once Midland-to-Webster is placed into full commercial service, our transportation capacity is expected to increase to approximately 450 MBPD. We proportionately consolidate our 29% undivided interest in Midland-to-Webster.
In October 2019, we announced plans to construct a fourth pipeline (the “Midland-to-ECHO 4” pipeline) that will connect our Midland terminal with our ECHO terminal in Houston, Texas by utilizing existing segments of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System along with new construction. The Midland-to-ECHO 4 pipeline is expected to be completed and placed into service during the second quarter of 2021 and have an initial transportation capacity of 450 MBPD (expandable up to 540 MBPD).

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Undistributed foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable. In the U.S., Abbott’s federal income tax returns through 2016 are settled. There are numerous other income tax jurisdictions for which tax returns are not yet settled, none of which are individually significant. Reserves for interest and penalties are not significant.
The following table summarizes the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits without regard to reduction in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such unrecognized tax benefits were settled:
The 2021 increase due to prior year tax positions includes approximately $ 714 million of international tax positions for which a deferred tax asset has not been recorded because recognition of the future benefit is not expected.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Long-term financial liabilities include the Company's long-term debt, which are recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price and adjusted for unamortized discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs. Discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. The estimated fair 
Receivables consist primarily of vendor, reinsurance, credit card incentive, third-party pharmacy and other receivables. Vendor receivables include discounts and volume rebates. Balances are generally presented on a gross basis, separate from any related payable due. In certain circumstances, these receivables may be settled against the related payable to that vendor, in which case the receivables are presented on a net basis. Reinsurance receivables are held by the Company’s wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and primarily represent amounts ceded through reinsurance arrangements gross of the amounts assumed under reinsurance, which are presented within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Credit card incentive receivables primarily represent amounts earned under co-branded credit card arrangements. Third-party pharmacy receivables generally relate to amounts due from members’ insurers. Other receivables primarily consist of amounts due from governmental entities, mostly tax-related items. 
Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. U.S. merchandise inventories are valued by the cost method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis. The Company believes the LIFO method more fairly presents the results of operations by more closely matching current costs with current revenues. The Company records an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the projected annual effect of inflation or deflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end, after actual inflation or deflation rates and inventory levels have been determined. An immaterial LIFO charge was recorded in 2023. Due to inflation in 2022, a $ 438 charge was recorded to merchandise costs to increase the cumulative LIFO valuation on merchandise inventories at August 28, 2022. Canadian and Other International merchandise inventories are predominantly valued using the cost and retail inventory methods, respectively, using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis.
