BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
RMI comprises agricultural commodity inventories, including soybeans, soybean meal, soybean oil, corn, and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing 
mechanisms. Total RMI reported at fair value were $6,680 million and $6,869 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (see Note 6- Inventories, to our consolidated financial statements). 
Other current assets - Other current assets, including Assets held for sale, were $4,417 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of $598 million from $5,015 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in DPP as a result of restructuring our trade receivables securitization program during the fourth quarter of 2022 (see Note 5- Trade Accounts Receivable and Trade Receivable Securitization Program to our consolidated financial statements), a decrease in marketable securities and other short-term investments, due to a decrease in investments with Ukrainian exposures following the onset of the Ukraine-Russia war, as well as a decrease in Assets held for sale due to the completion of the sale of our Mexico wheat milling business (see Note 3- Acquisitions and Dispositions , to our consolidated financial statements), partially offset by an increase in margin deposits, prepaid commodity contracts, and income tax receivable.

BOEING CO report:
We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight and launch systems and services. We are one of the two major manufacturers of 100+ seat airplanes for the worldwide commercial airline industry and one of the largest defense contractors in the U.S. While our principal operations are in the U.S., we conduct operations in an expanding number of countries and rely on an extensive network of non-U.S. partners, key suppliers and subcontractors. 
Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses – Commercial Airplanes ( BCA ), Defense, Space & Security ( BDS ), and Global Services ( BGS ) – supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital ( BCC ). Taken together, these core businesses have historically generated substantial earnings and cash flow that permit us to invest in new products and services. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. BCA is committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, efficiency and value to customers around the world. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to customers at reduced costs. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. BGS provides support for commercial and defense through innovative, comprehensive, and cost-competitive product and service solutions. BCC facilitates, arranges, structures and provides selective financing solutions for our Boeing customers. 
On March 13, 2019, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued an order to suspend operations of all 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. and by U.S. aircraft operators following two fatal 737 MAX accidents. Non-U.S. civil aviation authorities have issued directives to the same effect. Deliveries of the 737 MAX have been suspended until clearance is granted by the appropriate regulatory authorities. The grounding is having a significant adverse impact on our operations and creates significant uncertainty. We are focused on safely returning the 737 MAX to service.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding and strengthening our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers wherever they are in their digital transformation journeys, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. Partners extend the power of our solutions to businesses of all size and industries. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries, offer a variety of solutions natively and through the AppExchange and address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
Promoting strong customer adoption and reducing customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation, as well as customer success programs including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and 
accelerate digital transformation. With these resources and our customer success programs, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions prior to the end of their contractual terms.
