MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. 
(4) Non-GAAP adjustments related to the Simplify to Grow Program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. Costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-GAAP adjustments. 
(5) During the third quarter of 2018, as we began to apply highly inflationary accounting for Argentina (refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ), we excluded the remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in Argentina during the period to be consistent with our prior accounting for these remeasurement gains/losses for Venezuela when it was subject to highly inflationary accounting prior to deconsolidation in 2015.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline System , which became fully operational in the second quarter of 2018, provides Permian Basin producers with the ability to transport multiple grades of crude oil, including WTI, WTI light sweet crude oil (“WTI Light”), West Texas Sour, and condensate, to Gulf Coast markets. As a result of operating enhancements and supplementary infrastructure, the pipeline’s transportation capacity is expected to increase to 620 MBPD beginning in March 2019. 
The Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline System originates at our Midland terminal and extends 418 miles to our Sealy storage terminal. Volumes arriving at Sealy are then transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline. Using the ECHO terminal, shippers on the Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline System have access to every refinery in Houston, Texas City, Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas, as well as our crude oil export dock facilities. The Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline System includes certain storage assets located at Sealy, Texas. 
The majority of the Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline System is owned by Whitethorn Pipeline Company LLC (“Whitethorn”), in which we own an 80% equity interest. In June 2018, an affiliate of Western Gas Partners, LP acquired a 20% equity interest in Whitethorn for $189.6 million in cash.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Compensation expense for PRSUs is based on the fair value of WBD common stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense for PRSUs that vest based on achieving subjective operating performance conditions or in situations where the executive may withhold taxes in excess of the maximum statutory requirement, is remeasured at fair value each reporting period until the award is settled. Compensation expense for all PRSUs is recognized ratably over the vesting period only when it is probable that the operating performance conditions will be achieved. The Company records a cumulative adjustment to compensation expense for PRSUs if there is a change in the determination of the probability that the operating performance conditions will be achieved. 
RSUs represent the contingent right to receive shares of WBD common stock, substantially all of which vest ratably each year over periods of three to five years based on continuous service. Compensation expense for RSUs is based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant and is recognized ratably during the vesting period. 
Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to or in excess of the closing market price of WBD common stock on the date of grant. Stock options vest ratably over four years from the grant date based on continuous service and expire seven years from the date of grant. Stock option awards generally provide for accelerated vesting upon retirement or after reaching a specified age and years of service. Compensation expense for stock options is based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant and is recognized ratably during the vesting period.
