VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Total consideration for wireline services that are bundled in a single contract is allocated to each performance obligation based on our standalone selling price for each service. While many contracts include one or more service performance obligations, the revenue recognition pattern is generally not impacted by the allocation since the services are generally satisfied over the same period of time. We estimate the standalone selling price to be the price of the services when sold on a standalone basis without any promotional discount. In addition, we also assess whether the service term is impacted by certain legally enforceable rights and obligations in our contract with customers such as penalties that a customer would have to pay to early terminate a fixed-term contract. The assessment of these legally enforceable rights and obligations involves judgment and impacts our determination of transaction price and related disclosures. 
We may provide performance-based credits or incentives on our products and services for contracts with our Business customers, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the transaction price. Credits are estimated at contract inception and are updated at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available. 
For offers that include third-party providers, we evaluate whether we are acting as the principal or as the agent with respect to the goods or services provided to the customer. This principal-versus-agent assessment involves judgment and focuses on whether the facts and circumstances of the arrangement indicate that the goods or services were controlled by us prior to transferring them to the customer. To evaluate if we have control, we consider various factors including whether we are primarily responsible for fulfillment, bear risk of loss and have discretion over pricing.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Corporate Governance: We are committed to a corporate governance structure that promotes long-term stockholder value creation by providing a leadership structure and composition of the Board of Directors that is aligned with our strategic direction and providing our stockholders with both the opportunity to provide direct feedback and key substantive rights to ensure accountability. Governance is foundational to our ESG programs and we work actively with our Board of Directors on our initiatives. For example, our Audit and Finance Committee oversees cybersecurity matters and meets regularly with our Chief Trust Officer, and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees our ESG programs as set forth in its charter. The Privacy and Ethical Use Committee, comprised of independent directors, also oversees our privacy matters and meets regularly with our Office of Ethical and Humane Use of Technology. 
Our annual proxy statement, available on the Investor Relations website, https://investor.salesforce.com, or www.sec.gov, provides additional details on our corporate governance practices, including our board composition. 
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers, additional headcount in foreign countries and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Japanese Yen against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the 20-year carryforward period and made it indefinite for federal net operating losses generated in tax years after December 31, 2017. For such amounts generated prior to 2018, the 20-year carryforward period continues to apply. 
($ in millions) 20-Year Carryforward Expires in 2025-2037 Indefinite Carryforward Period Total US Federal $ 36   $ 8   $ 44   Foreign —   68   68   Total $ 36   $ 76   $ 112    
For the years ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2020 2019 2018 Income before income taxes $ 6,959   $ 6,089   $ 2,628   Statutory federal income tax rate on income from operations 1,461   21.0   % 1,279   21.0   % 552   21.0   % Tax credits ( 45 ) ( 0.7 ) ( 33 ) ( 0.5 ) ( 34 ) ( 1.3 ) Share-based payments ( 30 ) ( 0.4 ) ( 24 ) ( 0.4 ) ( 16 ) ( 0.6 ) Tax-exempt income ( 24 ) ( 0.3 ) ( 27 ) ( 0.4 ) ( 24 ) ( 0.9 ) State income taxes 35   0.5   41   0.7   27   1.0   Tax Legislation benefit —   —   —   —   ( 29 ) ( 1.1 ) Other ( 14 ) ( 0.2 ) 6   —   ( 8 ) ( 0.3 ) Effective income tax rate on income from operations $ 1,383   19.9   % $ 1,242   20.4   % $ 468   17.8   %
