WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value are classified in the following three categories:    Level 1 
Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. 
Equity securities include money market funds, investments in mutual funds held in separate trusts, which are owned as part of the Company’s supplemental retirement plans, and company-owned life insurance contracts. (See Note 16.) The fair value of Level 1 equity securities was determined by reference to the quoted market price per share in active markets multiplied by the number of shares held without consideration of transaction costs. The fair value of the deferred compensation plan liability was determined based on the fair value of the related investments elected by employees. Changes in the fair value of the investments are offset by changes in the fair value of the deferred compensation obligation. (See Note 16.) Company-owned life insurance contracts are recorded at their cash surrender value, which approximates fair value (Level 2).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (the “Pipeline Safety Act”) provides for regulation of the nation’s pipelines, penalties for violations of pipeline safety rules, and other DOT matters. The Pipeline Safety Act currently provides for significant financial penalties involving non-compliance with DOT regulations. In addition, the Pipeline Safety Act includes additional safety requirements for newly constructed pipelines.
In June 2016, the “Securing America’s Future Energy: Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2016” (the “SAFE PIPES Act”) was signed into law. The SAFE PIPES Act establishes or continues the development of requirements affecting pipeline safety including, but not limited to, the following: (i) providing the PHMSA with additional authority to address imminent hazards by imposing emergency restrictions, prohibitions and safety measures on owners and operators of gas or hazardous liquid pipeline facilities, without prior notice or an opportunity for a hearing; (ii) obligating the PHMSA to develop safety standards for natural gas storage facilities; and (iii) requiring the PHMSA to complete certain of the outstanding mandates under existing legislation and to report to Congress on the status of overdue rulemakings. The SAFE PIPES Act also empowered PHMSA to address unsafe conditions or practices constituting imminent hazards by imposing emergency restrictions, prohibitions and safety measures on owners and operators of gas or hazardous liquid pipeline facilities without prior notice or an opportunity for a hearing. PHMSA published an interim rule in October 2016 and a final rule on October 1, 2019 to implement the agency’s expanded authority to address imminent hazards to life, property, or the environment.
In response to the SAFE PIPES Act, PHMSA also issued an interim final rule in December 2016 and a final rule in January 2020 adopting federal safety regulations and reporting requirements for underground natural gas storage facilities. The final rule incorporates by reference American Petroleum Institute Recommended Practices 1170 and 1171, which outline safety standards for underground natural gas storage facilities and provide a minimum federal standard for inspection, enforcement and training.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The export of LNG produced by the liquefaction project from the United States would be undertaken under long-term export authorizations issued by the DOE to LCL. In March 2013, LCL obtained a DOE authorization to export LNG to countries with which the United States has or will have Free Trade Agreements (“FTA”) for trade in natural gas (the “FTA Authorization”). In July 2016, LCL also obtained a conditional DOE authorization to export LNG to countries that do not have an FTA for trade in natural gas (the “Non-FTA Authorization”). In October 2020, the DOE extended the FTA Authorization and Non-FTA Authorization to 30- and 25-year terms, respectively, following first deliveries on or before December 2025, consistent with the FERC authorization for the project. The FTA Authorization and Non-FTA Authorization have 25- and 20-year terms, respectively, commencing with the completion of construction of the liquefaction facility. In addition, LCL received its wetlands permits from the USACE to perform wetlands mitigation work and to perform modification and dredging work for the temporary and permanent dock facilities at the Lake Charles LNG facilities. 
• The Southeast Texas System is an integrated system that gathers, compresses, treats, processes, dehydrates and transports natural gas from the Austin Chalk trend and Eagle Ford shale formation. The Southeast Texas System is a large natural gas gathering system covering thirteen counties between Austin and Houston. This system is connected to the Katy Hub through the ETC Katy Pipeline and is also connected to the Oasis Pipeline. The Southeast Texas System includes two natural gas processing plants (La Grange and Alamo) with aggregate capacity of 410 MMcf/d. The La Grange and Alamo processing plants are natural gas processing plants that process the rich gas that flows through our gathering system to produce residue gas and NGLs. Residue gas is delivered into our intrastate pipelines and NGLs are delivered into our NGL pipelines to Lone Star. 
Our treating facilities remove carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide from natural gas gathered into our system before the natural gas is introduced to transportation pipelines to ensure that the gas meets pipeline quality specifications.
