WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our marine segment gross profit for the year ended 2020 was $151.4 million, a decrease of $30.2 million, or 17%, as compared to 2019. The gross profit decrease was attributable to lower volume and profitability, particularly in our core resale business, due to a decline in demand as a consequence of the pandemic in certain sectors of the marine shipping and travel industry. The decrease in gross profit income was partially offset by higher profitability during the first two months of 2020, resulting from the shift to very low sulfur fuel oil, as mandated by the IMO 2020 regulations that took effect on January 1, 2020. 
The decrease in total operating expenses was primarily due to lower employee compensation and benefits costs, including lower incentive bonuses. Furthermore, as part of our cost-reduction initiatives, we materially reduced certain general and administrative expenses during 2020, which were offset by a higher provision for bad debt, principally due to the effects of the pandemic on our accounts receivable. Total operating expenses were also impacted by impairment charges of $25.6 million, principally associated with our decision to rationalize our global office footprint. 
Income (loss) from Operations. Our income from operations for 2020 was $137.9 million, a decrease of $161.8 million, or 54%, compared to 2019. Income from operations during these periods was attributable to the following segments (in millions):

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The following tables show the effect of hypothetical price movements on the estimated fair values of our principal commodity derivative instrument portfolios at the dates indicated (dollars in millions).
The fair value information presented in the sensitivity analysis tables excludes the impact of applying Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”) Rule 814, which deems that financial instruments cleared by the CME are settled daily in connection with variation margin payments. As a result of this exchange rule, CME-related derivatives are considered to have no fair value at the balance sheet date for financial reporting purposes; however, the derivatives remain outstanding and subject to future commodity price fluctuations until they are settled in accordance with their contractual terms. Derivative transactions cleared on exchanges other than the CME (e.g., the Intercontinental Exchange or ICE) continue to be reported on a gross basis.
We may utilize interest rate swaps, forward-starting swaps, options to enter into forward-starting swaps (“swaptions”), and similar derivative instruments to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates charged on borrowings under certain consolidated debt agreements. This strategy may be used in controlling our overall cost of capital associated with such borrowings.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our leases may include options to extend or terminate the lease, which are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Many of our leases contain non-lease components (e.g. product costs, common-area or other maintenance costs) that relate to the lease components of the agreement. We account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. 
Amortization of ROU lease assets is calculated over the lease term with the expense recorded in cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses depending on the nature of the leased item. Interest expense is recorded over the lease term and is recorded in interest expense (based on a front-loaded interest expense pattern) for finance leases and is recorded in cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses for operating leases. Variable lease payments, which are primarily comprised of product costs, insurance and tax payments based on usage or output, are recognized when the expense is incurred. Finance lease ROU assets are presented in property, plant and equipment and the related finance lease liabilities are presented in the current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt. 
We capitalize certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use. Capitalized software costs are included in property, plant and equipment and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, which do not exceed seven years .
