MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We continue to observe significant market uncertainty, increasing inflationary pressures, supply constraints, exchange rate volatility as well as ongoing effects from the COVID-19 pandemic. Throughout the pandemic, we experienced an overall increase in demand and revenue growth as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption in some markets, while parts of our business were negatively affected by related lockdowns and restrictions. Additionally, global supply chain, transportation and labor issues escalated and we experienced significantly higher operating costs, including higher overall raw material, transportation, labor and energy costs that have continued to rise. 
Our overall outlook for future snacks revenue growth remains strong; however, we anticipate ongoing volatility in response to COVID-related risks and supply chain issues, including labor and transportation constraints. We will continue to proactively manage our business in response to the evolving global economic environment and related uncertainty and business risks while also prioritizing and supporting our employees and customers. We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology and assets. 
In February 2022, Russia began a military invasion of Ukraine. For the safety of our employees, we stopped production and closed our facilities in Ukraine; since then we have been gradually restoring operations, continuing to take steps to protect the safety of our employees and partially re-opening our two plants. We are providing all of our employees with compensation and with help in securing shelter in neighboring countries, where required and needed. We have also made cash and in-kind donations to several humanitarian aid organizations in the region.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Other (income) expense, net, for 2021, 2020 and 2019 includes approximately $ 270 million, $ 205 million and $ 225 million of income, respectively, related to the non-service cost components of the net periodic benefit costs associated with the pension and post-retirement medical plans. 
The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the accounts receivable. Abbott considers various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for doubtful accounts, including the aging of the accounts and aging trends, the historical level of charge-offs, and specific exposures related to particular customers. Abbott also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country risk, when determining credit limits for customers and establishing adequate allowances.
The decrease in Abbott’s long-term investments as of December 31, 2021 versus the balance as of December 31, 2020 primarily relates to the sale of an equity method investment partially offset by the acquisition of additional investments.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Receivables are recorded net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based on historical experience and application of the specific identification method. Write-offs of receivables were immaterial in 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 . 
Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. U.S. merchandise inventories are valued by the cost method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis. The Company believes the LIFO method more fairly presents the results of operations by more closely matching current costs with current revenues. The Company records an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the projected annual effect of inflation or deflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end, after actual inflation or deflation rates and inventory levels have been determined. As of September 1, 2019  and September 2, 2018 , U.S. merchandise inventories valued at LIFO approximated first-in, first-out (FIFO) after considering the lower of cost or market principle. Canadian and Other International merchandise inventories are predominantly valued using the cost and retail inventory methods, respectively, using the FIFO basis. 
The Company provides for estimated inventory losses between physical inventory counts as a percentage of net sales, using estimates based on the Company’s experience. The provision is adjusted periodically to reflect physical inventory counts, which generally occur in the second and fourth fiscal quarters. Inventory cost, where appropriate, is reduced by estimates of vendor rebates when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning those rebates, provided that they are probable and reasonably estimable.
