SALESFORCE INC report:
We plan to continue to reinvest a significant portion of our income from operations in future periods to grow and innovate our business and service offerings and expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We drive innovation organically and, to a lesser extent, through acquisitions. We regularly evaluate acquisitions and investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings and to nurture the overall ecosystem for our offerings. Past acquisitions have enabled us to deliver innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics and integration. We continue to evaluate investment opportunities and expect to continue to make investments and acquisitions in the future, such as our pending acquisition of Slack. Slack has an integrated value proposition across all of our service offerings and, upon close of the transaction and successful product integration, we believe it will further enable companies to grow and succeed in an all-digital, work-from-anywhere era. 
As a result of our aggressive growth plans and integration of our previously acquired businesses, we have incurred significant expenses for equity awards and amortization of purchased intangibles, which have reduced our operating income. 
We periodically make changes to our sales organization to position us for long-term growth, which has in the past and could again in the future result in temporary disruptions to our sales productivity. In addition, we have experienced, and may at times in the future experience, more variation from our forecasted expectations of new business activity due to longer and less predictable sales cycles and increasing complexity of our business, which includes an expanded mix of products and various revenue models resulting from acquisitions and increased enterprise solution selling activities. Slower growth in new business in a given period could negatively affect our revenues in future periods, as well as remaining performance obligation in current or future periods, particularly if experienced on a sustained basis.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
a decrease of $3 million  in operating expenses primarily due to lower allocated costs of $8 million  and lower lease storage expense of $4 million  due to expiration of a lease. These decreases were partially offset by higher ad valorem taxes resulting from higher valuations; 
an increase of $4 million  in adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates due to an increase of $6 million  related to a legal settlement, an increase of $3 million  resulting from higher sales of short-term firm capacity on Citrus and $2 million  related to higher tax gross up income from reimbursable projects on Citrus. These increases were partially offset by lower reservation revenues on MEP primarily due to a contract modification and expiring contracts; and 
Volumes.   Gathered volumes and NGL production increased during the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the prior year primarily due to recent acquisitions, including PennTex, and gains in the Permian, Northeast and South Texas regions, partially offset by basin declines in North Texas and Midcontinent/Panhandle regions.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
A 100 basis-point change in interest rates as of the end of 2019  would have had an immaterial incremental change in fair market value. For those investments that are classified as available-for-sale, the unrealized gains or losses related to fluctuations in market volatility and interest rates are reflected within stockholders’ equity in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The nature and amount of our long-term debt may vary as a result of business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. As of the end of 2019 , long-term debt with fixed interest rates was $6,852 . Fluctuations in interest rates may affect the fair value of the fixed-rate debt. See Note 4  to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more information on our long-term debt. 
Our foreign subsidiaries conduct certain transactions in non-functional currencies, which exposes us to fluctuations in exchange rates. We manage these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of these fluctuations on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts are intended primarily to economically hedge exposure to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by our international subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. We seek to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and do not intend to engage in speculative transactions. For additional information related to the Company's forward foreign-exchange contracts, see Notes 1  and 3  to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. A hypothetical 10% strengthening of the functional currency compared to the non-functional currency exchange rates at September 1, 2019 , would have decreased the fair value of the contracts by $79 and resulted in an unrealized loss in the consolidated statements of income for the same amount.
