SALESFORCE INC report:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
(2) We have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions that are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars barges, and buildings. These guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. These leases expire at various dates from 2024 through 2029. At December 31, 2022, no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees. Any obligation recorded would be recognized in Current operating lease obligations or Non-current operating lease obligations (see Note 28- Leases , to our consolidated financial statements). 
We have provided a guaranty to the Director of the Illinois Department of Agriculture as Trustee for Bunge North America, Inc. ("BNA"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by BNA, to grain producers and/or depositors in the State of Illinois who have delivered commodities to BNA's Illinois facilities. 
The following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at December 31, 2022, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.

BOEING CO report:
For notes receivable, notes are recorded net of any unamortized discounts and deferred incremental direct costs. Interest income and amortization of any discounts are recorded ratably over the related term of the note. 
Reinsurance Revenue Our wholly-owned insurance subsidiary, Astro Ltd., participates in a reinsurance pool for workers’ compensation. The member agreements and practices of the reinsurance pool minimize any participating members’ individual risk. Reinsurance revenues were $ 129 , $ 151 and $ 145 during 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Reinsurance costs related to premiums and claims paid to the reinsurance pool were $ 136 , $ 150 and $ 136 during 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Revenues and costs are presented net in Cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
We provide assistance and support to facilitate efficient and safe aircraft operation to the operators of all our commercial airplane models. Collectively known as fleet support, these activities and support services include flight and maintenance training, field service support, engineering support, and technical data and documents. Fleet support activity begins prior to aircraft delivery as the customer receives training, manuals, and technical consulting support. This activity continues throughout the aircraft’s operational life. Services provided after delivery include field service support, consulting on maintenance, repair, and operational issues brought forth by the customer or regulators, updating manuals and engineering data, and the issuance of service bulletins that impact the entire model’s fleet. Field service support involves our personnel located at customer facilities providing and coordinating fleet support activities and requests. The costs for fleet support are expensed as incurred as Cost of services.
