ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We measure available cash by reference to distributable cash flow (“DCF”), which is a non-GAAP cash flow measure. DCF is an important financial measure for our common unitholders since it serves as an indicator of our success in providing a cash return on investment. Specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not we are generating cash flows at a level that can sustain our declared quarterly cash distributions. DCF is also a quantitative standard used by the investment community with respect to publicly traded partnerships since the value of a partnership unit is, in part, measured by its yield, which is based on the amount of cash distributions a partnership can pay to a unitholder. Our management compares the DCF we generate to the cash distributions we expect to pay our common unitholders. Using this metric, management computes our distribution coverage ratio. Our calculation of DCF may or may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
Based on the level of available cash each quarter, management proposes a quarterly cash distribution rate to the Board of Enterprise GP, which has sole authority in approving such matters. Unlike several other master limited partnerships, our general partner has a non-economic ownership interest in us and is not entitled to receive any cash distributions from us based on incentive distribution rights or other equity interests.
Our use of DCF for the limited purposes described above and in this report is not a substitute for net cash flows provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable GAAP measure. For a discussion of net cash flows provided by operating activities, see “Cash Flow Statement Highlights” within this Part II, Item 7.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenue increase of 8.0% was driven by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 5.2%, favorable currency, the impact of acquisitions and the partial year contribution of a business divested on November 1, 2021 which had been part of an earlier 2021 acquisition. Overall, we continued to see increased demand for our snack category products, though parts of our business were not yet back to pre-pandemic levels. In developed markets, increased food purchases for in-home consumption continued to drive net revenue growth, partially offset by declines in some markets as they lapped strong volume growth in 2020 resulting from increased consumer demand due to the pandemic. In emerging markets, we lapped the negative initial impacts we experienced from the pandemic in 2020, with strong revenue growth in 2021 across most of our key markets, though some markets remained challenged. In addition, sales of our gum and candy products grew as out-of-home consumption continued to recover, as did our world travel business as global travel improved, though still below pre-pandemic levels. Favorable currency translation and incremental net revenues from acquisitions also added to revenue growth in 2021. 
Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by favorable volume/mix and higher net pricing. Favorable volume/mix in Europe, AMEA and Latin America was primarily driven by strong volume gains as we lapped the significant negative impacts of the pandemic in many of our key markets. This was partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in North America as the region lapped very strong prior-year volume growth from significant food purchases for in-home consumption due to the pandemic. Higher net pricing in all regions was due to the benefit of carryover pricing from 2020 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2021. Favorable currency impacts 
increased net revenues by $462 million, due primarily to the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, British pound sterling, Chinese yuan, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, South African rand and Mexican peso, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, including the Argentinean peso, Brazilian real and Turkish lira. The April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food added incremental net revenues of $47 million (constant currency basis), the March 25, 2021 acquisition of Grenade added incremental net revenues of $63 million (constant currency basis), the January 4, 2021 acquisition of Hu added incremental net revenues of $38 million and the April 1, 2020 acquisition of Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $106 million in 2021. The packaged seafood business, which was part of our April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food but divested on November 1, 2021, added incremental net revenues of $35 million prior to its divestiture. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies. These transactions may be pursuant to fuel purchase contracts or through spot sales. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain strategic locations, the cost of which is generally tied to market-based formulas. 
Finally, we also provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal commonly referred to as "racks," which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third-parties. 
On January 3, 2022, we closed the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interest in Flyers Energy Group, LLC ("Flyers"). Flyers' operations include transportation, commercial fleet fueling, lubricants distribution, and the supply of wholesale, branded and renewable fuels. See Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information.
