MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
As a global employer, we recognize and value differences and are championing DE&I around the world. We are creating local and global opportunities to further racial equity and economic empowerment by expanding our DE&I initiatives across three key areas: colleagues, culture and communities. These opportunities include mobilizing our consumer-facing brands and leveraging our partnerships with agencies and advertising platforms to drive change, equity and inclusion. 
Talent Management and Development: Maintaining a robust pipeline of talent is crucial to our ongoing success and is a key aspect of succession planning efforts across the organization. Our leadership and people teams are responsible for attracting and retaining top talent by facilitating an environment where employees feel supported and encouraged in their professional and personal development. Specifically, we promote employee development by reviewing strategic positions regularly and identifying potential internal candidates to fill those roles, evaluating job skill sets to identify competency gaps and creating developmental plans to facilitate employee professional growth. We invest in our employees through training and development programs, on the job experiences, coaching, as well as tuition reimbursement for a majority of our employees in the United States to promote continued professional growth. We provide technical and leadership programs across the organization that enable colleagues to grow skills and capabilities to become more successful. We also have dedicated talent programs that support and accelerate leadership development and strengthen our succession plans. Additionally, we understand the importance of maintaining competitive compensation, benefits and appropriate training that provides growth, developmental opportunities and multiple career paths within the Company. 
For additional detail on DE&I, our workplace safety practices and measurements and workplace wellness, please see our latest Snacking Made Right report on our website and our upcoming 2021 report, which we expect to publish in May 2022.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The South Texas NGL Pipeline System is a network of NGL gathering and transportation pipelines located in South Texas that gather and transport mixed NGLs from natural gas processing plants (owned by either us or third parties) located in South Texas to our NGL fractionators in South Texas and NGL fractionation and storage complex located in and near Mont Belvieu, Texas. The Mont Belvieu area in Chambers County, Texas, with its significant energy-related infrastructure, is a key hub of the global NGL industry (the “Mont Belvieu hub”). In addition, this system transports purity NGL products from our South Texas NGL fractionators to refineries and petrochemical plants located between Corpus Christi, Texas and Houston, Texas and within the Texas City-Houston area, as well as to interconnects with other NGL pipelines and to our Mont Belvieu storage complex. The South Texas NGL Pipeline System is a component of our ethane header system, extending it from the Mont Belvieu hub to Corpus Christi, Texas. 
The Dixie   Pipeline transports propane and other NGLs and extends from southeast Texas to markets in the southeastern U.S. Propane supplies transported on this system primarily originate from southeast Texas, south Louisiana and Mississippi. The Dixie Pipeline operates in seven states: Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Texas, and is connected to eight non-regulated propane terminals that we own and operate. 
The ATEX , or Appalachia-to-Texas Express, pipeline transports ethane in southbound service from third-party owned NGL fractionation plants located in Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia to our Mont Belvieu storage complex. The ethane extracted by these fractionation facilities originates from the Marcellus and Utica Shale production areas. ATEX operates in nine states: Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and West Virginia.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.These forward-looking statements are estimates and projections reflecting our best judgment and involve risks, uncertainties or other factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may prove to be incorrect. Our actual results may differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws (including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), interpretations of such laws, changes in the mix of taxable income among different tax jurisdictions, or adverse results of tax audits, assessments, or disputes; 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this 2019 10-K Report will be deemed to modify or supersede such forward-looking statements.
