ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Regulation of Interstate Crude Oil, NGL and Products Pipelines. Interstate common carrier pipeline operations are subject to rate regulation by the FERC under the ICA, the EPAct of 1992, and related rules and orders. The ICA requires that tariff rates for petroleum pipelines be “just and reasonable” and not unduly discriminatory and that such rates and terms and conditions of service be filed with the FERC. This statute also permits interested persons to challenge proposed new or changed rates. The FERC is authorized to suspend the effectiveness of such rates for up to seven months, though rates are typically not suspended for the maximum allowable period. If the FERC finds that the new or changed rate is unlawful, it may require the carrier to pay refunds for the period that the rate was in effect. The FERC also may investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, rates that are already in effect and may order a carrier to change its rates prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may obtain reparations for damages sustained for a period of up to two years prior to the filing of a complaint. 
The FERC generally has not investigated interstate rates on its own initiative when those rates, like those we charge, have not been the subject of a protest or a complaint by a shipper. However, the FERC could investigate our rates at the urging of a third party if the third party is either a current shipper or has a substantial economic interest in the tariff rate level. Although no assurance can be given that the tariff rates charged by us ultimately will be upheld if challenged, management believes that the tariff rates now in effect for our pipelines are within the maximum rates allowed under current FERC policies and precedents. 
For many locations served by our product and crude pipelines, we are able to establish negotiated rates. Otherwise, we are permitted to charge cost-based rates, or in many cases, grandfathered rates based on historical charges or settlements with our customers. To the extent we rely on cost-of-service ratemaking to establish or support our rates, the issue of the proper allowance for federal and state income taxes could arise. In 2005, the FERC issued a policy statement stating that it would permit common carriers, among others, to include an income tax allowance in cost-of-service rates to reflect actual or potential tax liability attributable to a regulated entity’s operating income, regardless of the form of ownership. Under the FERC’s policy, a tax pass-through entity seeking such an income tax allowance must establish that its partners or members have an actual or potential income tax liability on the regulated entity’s income. Whether a pipeline’s owners have such actual or potential income tax liability is subject to review by the FERC on a case-by-case basis. Although this policy is generally favorable for common carriers that are organized as pass-through entities, it still entails rate risk due to the FERC’s case-by-case review approach. The application of this policy, as well as any decision by the FERC regarding our cost of service, may also be subject to review in the courts. In July 2016, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued an opinion in United Airlines, Inc., et al. v. FERC, finding that the FERC had acted arbitrarily and capriciously when it failed to demonstrate that permitting an interstate petroleum products pipeline organized as a master limited partnership, or MLP, to include an income tax allowance in the cost of service underlying its rates, in addition to the discounted cash flow return on equity, would not result in the pipeline partnership owners double recovering their income taxes. The court vacated the FERC’s order and remanded to the FERC to consider mechanisms for demonstrating that there is no double recovery as a result of the income tax allowance. In December 2016, the FERC issued a Notice of Inquiry Regarding the Commission’s Policy for Recovery of Income Tax Costs. The FERC requested comments regarding how to address any double recovery resulting from the Commission’s current income tax allowance and rate of return policies. The comment period with respect to the notice of inquiry ended in April 2017.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
This business segment includes our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities, NGL pipelines, NGL fractionation facilities, NGL and related product storage facilities, and NGL marine terminals.
In its raw form, natural gas produced at the wellhead (especially in association with crude oil production) contains varying amounts of NGLs such as ethane and propane. Natural gas streams containing NGLs and other impurities are usually not acceptable for transportation in downstream natural gas transmission pipelines or for commercial use as fuel; therefore, the unprocessed natural gas stream must be transported to a natural gas processing facility to remove the NGLs and other impurities. Once the natural gas is processed and the NGLs and impurities are removed, the residue natural gas meets downstream natural gas pipeline and commercial quality specifications.
In general, on an energy-equivalent basis, NGLs have greater economic value as feedstock for petrochemical and motor gasoline production than as components of a natural gas stream. Typical uses of NGLs include the following:

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Investments in equity method investees are those for which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence but does not control and is not the primary beneficiary. Under this method of accounting, the Company typically records its proportionate share of the net earnings or losses of equity method investees and a corresponding increase or decrease to the investment balances. Cash payments to equity method investees such as additional investments, loans and advances and expenses incurred on behalf of investees, as well as payments from equity method investees such as dividends, distributions and repayments of loans and advances are recorded as adjustments to investment balances. 
For certain of the Company's equity method investments, such as investments in renewable energy limited liability companies where the capital structure of the equity investment results in different liquidation rights and priorities than what is reflected by the underlying percentage ownership interests, the Company's proportionate share of net earnings is accounted for using the Hypothetical Liquidation at Book Value ("HLBV") methodology available under the equity method of accounting. When applying HLBV, the Company determines the amount that would be received if the investment were to liquidate all of its assets and distribute the resulting cash to the investors based on contractually defined liquidation priorities. The change in the Company's claim on the investee's book value in accordance with GAAP at the beginning and the end of the reporting period, after adjusting for any contributions or distributions, is the Company's share of the earnings or losses for the period. 
The Company evaluates its equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such investments may not be recoverable. (See "Asset Impairment Analysis" below.)
