BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain reclassifications of prior period volumes have been made to conform to current presentation. A description of reported volumes for each reportable segment has also been included in the discussion of key factors affecting results of operations in each of our business segments as discussed below. 
In the Agribusiness segment, we purchase, store, transport, process, and sell agricultural commodities and commodity products. Profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and market prices of agricultural commodities and processed commodity products and the availability and costs of energy, transportation, and logistics services. Profitability in our processing operations is also impacted by volumes procured, processed, and sold and by capacity utilization rates. Availability of agricultural commodities is affected by many factors, including weather, farmer planting and selling decisions, plant diseases, governmental policies, and agricultural sector economic conditions. As noted above, reported Processing volumes comprise oilseed volumes crushed (processed) during a period, which approximate sales volumes to third parties during the same period. Reported Merchandising volumes represent sales volumes to third party customers. 
Demand for our purchased and processed Agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We enter into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against interest rate risk exposure of designated debt issuances. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was $473 million and $666 million, respectively. At December 31, 2020, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was $787 million and $303 million, respectively. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the total notional amount of the interest rate swaps was $19.8 billion and $17.8 billion, respectively. 
We have entered into forward starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges in order to manage our exposure to interest rate changes on future forecasted transactions. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of the liability of these contracts was $302 million and $797 million, respectively. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the total notional amount of the forward starting interest rate swaps was $1.0 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. 
We enter into treasury rate locks to mitigate our interest rate risk. We recognize gains and losses resulting from interest rate movements in Other comprehensive income (loss). There was no outstanding notional amount for treasury rate locks at December 31, 2021 or 2020.
