MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Taxes – We continue to monitor existing and potential future tax reform around the world. During November 2021, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill that contains significant changes to currently enacted U.S. tax rules but the Senate has not yet acted on it. In December 2021, the OECD released model rules for a global minimum tax. Both of these proposed legislative changes could have a material effect on us if enacted. 
Currency – As a global company with 75.1% of our net revenues generated outside the United States, we are continually exposed to changes in global economic conditions and currency movements. While we hedge significant forecasted currency exchange transactions as well as currency translation impacts from certain net assets of our non-U.S. operations, we cannot fully predict or eliminate all adverse impacts arising from changes in currency exchange rates on our consolidated financial results. To partially offset currency translation impacts arising from our overseas operations, we enter into net investment hedges primarily in the form of local currency-denominated debt, cross-currency swaps and other financial instruments. While we work to mitigate our exposure to currency risks, factors such as continued global and local market volatility, actions by foreign governments, political uncertainty, limited hedging opportunities and other factors could lead to unfavorable currency impacts in the future and could adversely affect our results of operations or financial position. See additional discussion of Brexit and Argentina below and refer also to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , and Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information on how we manage currency and related risks. As currency movements can make comparison of year-over-year operating performance challenging, we isolate the impact of currency and also report growth on a constant currency basis, holding prior-year currency exchange rates constant, so that prior-year and current-year results can be compared on a consistent basis. 
Brexit – Following Brexit in 2020, a new trade arrangement was reached between the U.K. and E.U. that began on January 1, 2021. The main trade provisions include the continuation of no tariffs or quotas on trade between the U.K. and E.U. subject to prescribed trade terms, including but not limited to meeting product and labeling standards for both the U.K. and E.U. Cross-border trade between the U.K. and E.U. is also subject to new customs regulations, documentation and reviews. Our supply chain in this market relies on imports of raw and packaging materials as well as finished goods. To comply with the new requirements, we increased resources in customer service and logistics, in our factories and on our customs support teams. We adapted our processes and systems for the new and increased number of customs transactions. We continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the U.K. We have made investments in resources, systems and processes to meet the new ongoing requirements and we work to mitigate disruptions to our local supply chain and distribution, including those related to the recent transportation labor shortage in the U.K., to reduce the impact on our input and distribution costs. Despite our efforts to control costs, inflationary cost pressures increased in our U.K. business in 2021, as we also experienced in other markets. If the U.K.’s separation from, or new trade arrangements with, the E.U. negatively impact the U.K. economy or result in disagreements on trade terms, delays affecting our supply chain or distribution, disruptions to sales or collections, or further increases in inflationary cost pressures, the impact to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be material. In 2021, we generated 9.3% of our consolidated net revenues in the U.K.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of segment gross operating margin for us. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold.
Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to certain risks. For information regarding such risks, see “ Risk Factors ” included under Part I, Item 1A of this annual report. In addition, our business activities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing a wide variety of topics, including commercial, operational, environmental, safety and other matters. For a discussion of the principal effects of such laws and regulations on our business activities, see “ Regulatory Matters ” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion.
For detailed financial information regarding our business segments, including major customer information, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
This 2018 10-K Report and the information incorporated by reference in it, or made by us in other reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, teleconferences, industry conferences or otherwise, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “plan,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. Specifically, this 2018 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements about (i) our expectations regarding the conditions in the aviation, land, and marine markets, including volume and fuel prices, and the impact on our business, (ii) our expectations about the financial impact of portfolio rationalization and our ability to redeploy such capital into activities with sustainable revenue and expected returns, (iii) our expectations regarding government-related activity, including NATO, and the related profit contribution , (iv) our beliefs regarding our competitive advantages and our ability to capitalize on these to drive 
growth, (v) estimates regarding the short and long-term savings and synergies from our cost-savings initiatives, (vi) our expectations regarding our working capital, liquidity, capital expenditure requirements, (vii) our expectations and estimates regarding certain tax, legal and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, (viii) our expectations regarding the financial and operational impact of our investments in automation and technology, (ix) our expectations regarding the financial impact of previous acquisitions, including estimates of future expenses and our ability to realize estimated synergies, and (x) estimates regarding the financial impact of our derivative contracts. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosures contained in our SEC filings. 
These forward-looking statements are estimates and projections reflecting our best judgment and involve risks, uncertainties or other factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may prove to be incorrect. Our actual results may differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
