WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As of December 31, 2018 , all senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and Scripps Networks, except for $243 million of un-exchanged Scripps Networks Senior Notes acquired in conjunction with the acquisition of Scripps Networks. (See Note 25.) 
On August 11, 2017 , DCL entered into a delayed draw and unsecured term loan credit facility (the "Term Loans"), with a three -year tranche and a five -year tranche, each with a principal amount of up to $1 billion . The term of each delayed draw loan commenced on March 6, 2018 when Discovery used these funds to finance a portion of the Scripps Networks acquisition. The Term Loans' interest rates were based, at the Company's option, on either adjusted LIBOR plus a margin, or an alternate base rate plus a margin. The Company paid a commitment fee of 20 basis points per annum for each loan, based on its then-current credit rating, beginning September 28, 2017 through March 6, 2018 . As of December 31, 2018 , the Company had used cash from operations and borrowings under the commercial paper program to fully repay the Term Loans. 
On July 30, 2017 , the Company obtained a commitment letter from a financial institution for a $9.6 billion unsecured bridge term loan facility that could have been used to complete the Scripps Networks acquisition. No amounts were drawn under the bridge loan commitment and, following the execution of the Term Loans and the issuance of the USD Notes and the Sterling Notes on September 21, 2017 , the commitment was terminated. The Company incurred $40 million of debt issuance costs, which were fully amortized as a component of interest expense following the issuance of the USD Notes and Sterling Notes on September 21, 2017 . The associated cash payment was classified as a component of financing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Natural gas transportation pipelines receive natural gas from supply sources including other transportation pipelines, storage facilities and gathering systems and deliver the natural gas to industrial end-users and other pipelines. Through our interstate transportation and storage segment, we directly own and operate approximately 12,340 miles of interstate natural gas pipelines with approximately 10.7 Bcf/d of transportation capacity and another approximately 6,780 miles and 10.7 Bcf/d of transportation capacity through joint venture interests. 
ETO’s vast interstate natural gas network spans the United States from Florida to California and Texas to Michigan, offering a comprehensive array of pipeline and storage services. Our pipelines have the capability to transport natural gas from nearly all Lower 48 onshore and offshore supply basins to customers in the Southeast, Gulf Coast, Southwest, Midwest, Northeast and Canada. Through numerous interconnections with other pipelines, our interstate systems can access virtually any supply or 
market in the country. As discussed further herein, our interstate segment operations are regulated by the FERC, which has broad regulatory authority over the business and operations of interstate natural gas pipelines.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In July 2018, the FERC issued a final rule to address the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on cost-of-service rates for jurisdictional natural gas pipelines. The final rule primarily impacts interstate pipelines regulated under the NGA. With respect to intrastate pipelines regulated by the FERC under the NGPA, the rule requires an intrastate pipeline with rates on file with a state regulatory agency to file with the FERC a new rate election for its interstate rates if the state rates are reduced to reflect the reduced income tax rates adopted in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As of the filing date of this annual report, we have not been required to refile the rates for our intrastate systems as a result of this rule.
We believe that the transportation rates currently charged and the services performed by our natural gas pipelines are all in accordance with the applicable requirements of the NGPA and FERC regulations. However, we cannot predict the rates we will be allowed to charge in the future for transportation services by our pipelines.
The resale of natural gas in interstate commerce is subject to FERC regulation. In order to increase transparency in natural gas markets, the FERC has established rules requiring the annual reporting of data regarding natural gas sales. The FERC has also established regulations that prohibit manipulation of energy markets. A violation of the FERC’s regulations may subject us to civil penalties, suspension or loss of authorization to perform services or make sales of natural gas, disgorgement of unjust profits or other appropriate non-monetary remedies imposed by the FERC. Pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the potential civil and criminal penalties for any violation of the NGA, or any rules, regulations or orders of the FERC, were approximately $1.5 million per day per violation as of January 2023. The Federal Trade Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) have also issued rules and regulations prohibiting energy market manipulation. We believe that our natural gas sales activities are in compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements.
