MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The primary objective of the Simplify to Grow Program is to reduce our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. The program covers severance as well as asset disposals and other manufacturing and procurement-related one-time costs. Since inception, we have incurred total restructuring and related implementation charges of $ 4.3 billion related to the Simplify to Grow Program. We expect to incur the program charges by year-end 2022. 
We adopted the new lease accounting ASU as of January 1, 2019. The ASU requires recording onerous lease liabilities netted with right of use assets. Therefore, during the first quarter of 2019, we reclassified onerous lease liabilities that totaled $ 23 million as of March 31, 2019, from accrued liabilities and other accrued liabilities to operating lease right of use assets. 
We recorded restructuring charges of $ 176 million in 2019 , $ 316 million in 2018 and $ 535 million in 2017 within asset impairment and exit costs and benefit plan non-service income. We spent $ 162 million in 2019 and $ 310 million in 2018 in cash severance and related costs. We also recognized non-cash pension settlement losses (See Note 11, Benefit Plans ) , non-cash asset write-downs (including accelerated depreciation and asset impairments) and other non-cash adjustments (including a transfer of onerous lease liabilities to operating lease ROU assets during the first quarter of 2019) totaling $ 82 million in 2019 and $ 67 million in 2018 . At December 31, 2019 , $ 275 million of our net restructuring liability was recorded within other current liabilities and $ 26 million was recorded within other long-term liabilities.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. President signed into law the Tax Act. This legislation significantly changed the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, including taxation of U.S. corporations, by, among other things, limiting interest deductions, reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, GILTI, assessing a repatriation tax or “toll-charge” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-owned foreign corporations, and introducing certain base erosion and anti-abuse minimum tax provisions. Since the Tax Act was signed into law, various notices, proposed regulations, and other clarifications of the law have been issued by the IRS and the Treasury Department. The legislation will require further interpretations and implementing regulations by the IRS, as well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. 
Because of the complexity of the GILTI tax rules effective in 2018, we evaluated this provision of the Tax Act and the application of ASC 740, Income Taxes. Under US GAAP, we made an accounting policy choice to treat taxes due on future US GILTI inclusions as a current period expense when incurred (the "period cost method"). 
The changes included in the Tax Act are broad and complex. The final transition impacts of the Tax Act may differ from those recorded as of December 31, 2017, possibly materially, due in part to changes in interpretations of the Tax Act, any legislative action to address questions that arise as a result of the Tax Act, any changes in accounting standards for income taxes or related interpretations in response to the Tax Act, or any other updates to current tax estimates that may be required.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• capitalize on expected trends and opportunities in energy evolution and demand growth, including exports, for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and petrochemical and refined products;
 • maintain a diversified portfolio of midstream energy assets and expand this asset base through growth capital projects and accretive acquisitions of complementary midstream energy assets;
 • share capital costs and risks through business ventures or alliances with strategic partners, including those that provide processing, throughput or feedstock volumes for growth capital projects or the purchase of such projects’ end products.
