ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Absolute return funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2020 and 2019. Investments in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 90 days . For approximately $ 245 million and $ 110 million of the absolute return funds, redemptions are subject to a 33 percent gate and a 25 percent gate, respectively, and $ 60 million is subject to a lock until 2022. Investments in the private funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2021 to 2030. Abbott’s unfunded commitment in these funds was $ 523 million and $ 579 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
The investment mix of equity securities, fixed income and other asset allocation strategies is based upon achieving a desired return, as well as balancing higher return, more volatile equity securities with lower return, less volatile fixed income securities. Investment allocations are made across a range of markets, industry sectors, capitalization sizes, and in the case of fixed income securities, maturities and credit quality. The plans do not directly hold any securities of Abbott. There are no known significant concentrations of risk in the plans’ assets. Abbott’s medical and dental plans’ assets are invested in a similar mix as the pension plan assets. The actual asset allocation percentages at year end are consistent with the company’s targeted asset allocation percentages.
The plans’ expected return on assets, as shown above is based on management’s expectations of long-term average rates of return to be achieved by the underlying investment portfolios. In establishing this assumption, management considers historical and expected returns for the asset classes in which the plans are invested, as well as current economic and capital market conditions.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Products —Our Milling Products segment activities include the production and sale of a variety of wheat flours and bakery mixes in Brazil and Mexico, corn-based products, derived from both the dry and wet corn milling processes, in the United States and Mexico, and milled rice products in the United States and Brazil. 
Our brands in Brazil include Suprema, Soberana, Primor and Predileta wheat flours, and Gradina and Pre-Mescla bakery premixes. Our wheat flour and bakery mix brands in Mexico include Espiga, Esponja, Francesera, Chulita, Galletera and Pastelera. Our corn milling products primarily consist of dry-milled corn meals and flours, wet-milled masa and flours, flaking and brewer's grits, as well as soy-fortified corn meal, corn-soy blend, and other similar products. As part of our corn portfolio, we also sell whole grain and fiber ingredients. In the United States, we offer ancient grains, such as quinoa and millet, in our portfolio. We also produce a range of extruded products that include die-cut pellets for the snack food industry. Additionally, we offer non-GMO products in the United States, including corn varieties. We mill and sell bulk and packaged rice in the United States and sell branded rice in Brazil under the Primor brand. 
Customers —The primary customers for our wheat milling products are food processing, bakery and food service companies. The primary customers for our corn milling products are companies in the food-processing sector, such as cereal, snack, bakery and brewing companies, as well as the U.S. Government for humanitarian assistance programs. Our rice milling business sells to customers in the food service and food processing channels, as well as to export markets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In April 2022, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Traction Sales and Marketing Inc. ("Traction on Demand”), a professional services firm that provides innovative and critical solutions to clients using the Company’s service offerings and other advanced cloud technologies. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Traction on Demand was approximately $ 340 million, which consisted primarily of $ 302 million in cash. The Company recorded approximately $ 62 million for customer relationships with estimated useful lives of five years . The Company recorded approximately $ 293 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce. For the goodwill balance, there is some basis for foreign income tax purposes but no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The primary areas that remain preliminary relate to the fair values of intangible assets acquired, certain tangible assets and liabilities acquired, legal and other contingencies as of the acquisition date, income and non-income-based taxes and residual goodwill. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. The Company has included the financial results of Traction on Demand in its condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition, which were not material. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. 
On July 21, 2021, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Slack, a leading channel-based messaging platform. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $ 54 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense during fiscal 2022. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Slack was approximately $ 27.1 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions):  
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. A share conversion ratio of 0.1885 and 0.1804 was applied to convert Slack's outstanding (i) stock options and restricted stock units and (ii) restricted stock awards, respectively, into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock.
