COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is a defendant in a class action alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 for failing to provide seating to member service assistants who act as greeters in the Company’s California warehouses. Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.  ( Case No. 5:13-CV-03598, N.D. Cal. filed July 1, 2013).   The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. The action has been stayed pending review by the Ninth Circuit of the order certifying a class. In January 2019, an employee brought similar claims for relief concerning Costco employees engaged at member services counters in California.   Rodriguez v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. RG19001310, Alameda Superior Court filed Jan. 4, 2019). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In December 2018, a depot employee raised similar claims, alleging that depot employees in California did not receive suitable seating or appropriate workplace temperature conditions. Lane v. Costco Wholesale Corp.   (Dec. 6, 2018 Notice to California Labor and Workforce Development Agency). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. 
In January 2019, a former seasonal employee filed a class action, alleging failure to provide California seasonal employees meal and rest breaks, proper wage statements, and appropriate wages. Jadan v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-CV-340438 Santa Clara Superior Court filed Jan. 3, 2019). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. 
In March 2019, employees filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide meal periods and itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees.   Nevarez, et ano., v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.  (Case No. 2:19-cv-03454 C.D. Cal. Filed Mar. 25, 2019). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In May 2019, employees filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp . (Case No. 2:19-cv-01340 E.D. Cal. filed May 28, 2019). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. In June 2019, employees filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide meal and rest periods, itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Martinez v. Costco Wholesale Corp ., (Case No. 3:19-cv-05624 (N.D. Cal. filed June 11, 2019). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In August 2019, Rough filed a companion case in state court seeking penalties under the California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act. Rough v. Costco  (Case No. FCS053454, Sonoma County Superior Court, filed August 23, 2019). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. In September 2019, an employee re-filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay wages, to provide meal and rest periods and itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Mosley v. Costco Wholesale Corp.  (Case No. 2:19-cv-07935, C.D. Cal. filed Sept. 12, 2019). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees.

BOEING CO report:
Contingent Repurchase Commitments The repurchase price specified in contingent repurchase commitments is generally lower than the expected fair value at the specified repurchase date. Estimated proceeds from collateral/recourse in the table above represent the lower of the contracted repurchase price or the expected fair value of each aircraft at the specified repurchase date. 
Indemnifications to ULA During the first quarter of 2020, the USAF and ULA reached a settlement regarding previously questioned deferred support and deferred production costs. As part of the settlement the USAF agreed to reimburse ULA for $ 307 of those costs, which was received by ULA in the second quarter. Our indemnification to ULA associated with the recoverability of contributed assets 
Other Indemnifications In conjunction with our sales of Electron Dynamic Devices, Inc. and Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power businesses and our BCA facilities in Wichita, Kansas and Tulsa and McAlester, Oklahoma, we agreed to indemnify, for an indefinite period, the buyers for costs relating to pre-closing environmental conditions and certain other items. We are unable to assess the potential number of future claims that may be asserted under these indemnifications, nor the amounts thereof (if any). As a result, we cannot estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnities and therefore, no liability has been recorded. To the extent that claims have been made under these indemnities and/or are probable and reasonably estimable, liabilities associated with these indemnities are included in the environmental liability disclosure in Note 13.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Non-hedge accounting is generally used for “portfolio” level hedging strategies where the terms of the individual hedged items do not meet the strict homogeneity requirements to permit the application of hedge accounting. For non-hedge derivatives, net income includes changes in fair value and accrued periodic settlements, when applicable. With the 
exception of non-hedge derivatives used for asset replication and non-hedge embedded derivatives, all of the Company’s derivatives are evaluated for their ongoing effectiveness as either accounting hedge or 
Volume for OTC and cleared derivative contracts is represented by their notional amounts. Volume for exchange traded derivatives is represented by the number of contracts, which is the basis on which they are traded. (n/a = not applicable)
