ALLSTATE CORP report:
The five highest contributing performance-based investments in 2018 and 2017 generated investment income of $159 million and $210 million, respectively. Performance-based results and income can vary significantly between periods and are influenced by economic conditions, equity market performance, comparable public company earnings multiples, capitalization rates, operating performance of the underlying investments and the timing of asset sales. 
Due to the adoption of the recognition and measurement accounting standard, equity securities are reported at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in valuation of equity investments and are no longer included in impairment write-downs, change in intent write-downs and sales. 
Impairment write-downs  totaled $14 million , $102 million  and $234 million  in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. Impairment write-downs on limited partnership interests and fixed income securities in 2018 and 2017 related to investment specific circumstances.

SALESFORCE INC report:
On the lease commencement date the Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are amortized over the lease term to operating expense. 
The Company additionally has entered into subleases for unoccupied leased office space. Any impairments to the ROU asset, leasehold improvements or other assets as a result of a sublease are recognized in the period the sublease is executed and recorded as an operating expense. Any sublease payments received in excess of the straight-line rent payments for the sublease are recorded as an offset to operating expenses and recognized over the sublease life. 
Stock-based expenses related to stock options are measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and restricted stock awards based on grant date at fair value using the closing stock price. The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to stock options and restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of four years .

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
See Note 4 for information related to the carrying amount of goodwill, wireless licenses and other intangible assets, as well as the major components and average useful lives of our other acquired intangible assets. 
We lease network equipment including towers, distributed antenna systems, small cells, real estate, connectivity mediums which include dark fiber, equipment, and other various types of assets for use in our operations under both operating and finance leases. We assess whether an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at inception. For arrangements considered leases or that contain a lease that is accounted for separately, we determine the classification and initial measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability at the lease commencement date, which is the date that the underlying asset becomes available for use. 
For both operating and finance leases, we recognize a right-of-use asset, which represents our right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability, which represents the present value of our obligation to make payments arising over the lease term. The present value of the lease payments is calculated using the incremental borrowing rate for operating and finance leases. The incremental borrowing rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. Management uses the unsecured borrowing rate and risk-adjusts that rate to approximate a collateralized rate, which is updated on a quarterly basis.
