SALESFORCE INC report:
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning. Learning and development opportunities include Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees, in-person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks and more. We also encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations. For example, over 7,600 employees participated in at least one of our professional development training programs in fiscal 2022. 
We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of stock options, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local laws and to be competitive in the marketplace. 
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Other personal lines premiums written increased 3.5% or $61 million in 2019 compared to 2018 . The increase in 2019 was primarily due to increases in personal umbrella and condominium insurance premiums. 
Commercial lines premiums written increased 36.9% or $243 million in 2019 compared to 2018 . The increase in 2019 was primarily due to expansion in our shared economy business, including growth in our current agreements and addition of new customers. 
Frequency and severity statistics, which are influenced by driving patterns, inflation and other factors, are provided to describe the trends in loss costs of the business. Our reserving process incorporates changes in loss patterns, operational statistics and changes in claims reporting processes to determine our best estimate of recorded reserves. We use the following statistics to evaluate losses:

BOEING CO report:
767 Program The accounting quantity for the 767 program increased by 36 units during 2021 due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. The 767 assembly line includes the commercial program and a derivative to support the tanker program. The commercial program has near break-even gross margins. We are currently producing at a rate of 3 aircraft per month. 
777 and 777X Programs The accounting quantity for the 777 program increased by 50 units during 2021 due to the program’s normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. The production rate for the combined 777/777X program is expected to increase from 2 per month to 3 per month in 2022. 
In 2013, we launched the 777X-8 and 777X-9, which feature new composite wings, new engines and folding wing-tips. The first flight of the 777X was completed during the first quarter of 2020. In 2021, we began offering the 777X freighter to customers and expect to receive initial orders in 2022.
