SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• Sugar-BP Bunge Bioenergia produces two types of sugar: very high polarity ("VHP") raw sugar and crystal sugar. VHP sugar is similar to the raw sugar traded on major commodities exchanges, including the standard NY11 contract, and is sold almost exclusively for export. Crystal sugar is a non-refined white sugar and is principally sold domestically in Brazil. 
• Ethanol-BP Bunge Bioenergia produces and sells two types of ethanol: hydrous and anhydrous. Hydrous ethanol is consumed directly as a transport fuel, while anhydrous ethanol is blended with gasoline in transport fuels. 
The sugar produced at BP Bunge Bioenergia’s mills is sold in both the Brazilian domestic market, primarily in the confectionary and food processing industries, and export markets. The ethanol is sold primarily to customers for use in the Brazilian domestic market to meet demand for fuel, with sugar and ethanol also exported in the international market. BP Bunge Bioenergia competes with other sugar and ethanol producers both in Brazil and internationally, along with beet sugar processors and producers of other sweeteners and biofuels in the global market. Major competitors in Brazil include Cosan Limited/Raizen, São Martinho S.A. and Biosev ("Louis Dreyfus"). Major international competitors include British Sugar PLC, Südzucker AG, Cargill, Tereos S.A., Sucden S.A., ED&F Man Limited and COFCO.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The effective income tax rate for 2020 was 23.4 % compared to 13.0 % for 2019. The increase in the effective income tax rate and the provision for income taxes was primarily due to the recognition of a $ 2.2 billion tax benefit in connection with the disposition of preferred stock representing a minority interest in a foreign affiliate in 2019 that did not reoccur in 2020. 
At December 31, 2021, undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries indefinitely invested outside the U.S. amounted to approximately $ 5.5 billion. The majority of Verizon's cash flow is generated from domestic operations and we are not dependent on foreign cash or earnings to meet our funding requirements, nor do we intend to repatriate these undistributed foreign earnings to fund U.S. operations. Furthermore, a portion of these undistributed earnings represents amounts that legally must be kept in reserve in accordance with certain foreign jurisdictional requirements and are unavailable for distribution or repatriation. As a result, we have not provided U.S. deferred taxes on these undistributed earnings because we intend that they will remain indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. and therefore unavailable for use in funding U.S. operations. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred taxes related to these undistributed earnings is not practicable. 
At December 31, 2021, we had net after-tax loss and credit carry forwards for income tax purposes of approximately $ 2.2 billion that primarily relate to state and foreign taxes. Of these net after-tax loss and credit carry forwards, approximately $ 1.7 billion will expire between 2022 and 2041 and approximately $ 554 million may be carried forward indefinitely.
