ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $24 million in 2020 and $39 million in 2018. The 2020 tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to Abbott’s developed markets branded generic pharmaceuticals business which was sold to Mylan Inc. (Mylan) in 2015. The tax positions relate to years prior to the sale to Mylan. The 2018 tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to the operations of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) for years prior to the separation. Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie, which was formed to hold Abbott’s research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business, in January 2013. Abbott retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation.
In the Established Pharmaceuticals segment, the development process focuses on the geographic expansion and continuous improvement of the segment’s existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers. As Established Pharmaceuticals does not actively pursue primary research, development usually begins with work on existing products or after the acquisition of an advanced stage licensing opportunity.
The specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. The process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as China.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning. Learning and development opportunities include Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees, in-person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks and more. We also encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations. For example, over 7,600 employees participated in at least one of our professional development training programs in fiscal 2022. 
We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of stock options, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local laws and to be competitive in the marketplace. 
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company operates on a 52/53-week fiscal year basis with the year ending on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2023 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2023. References to 2022 and 2021 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 28, 2022, and August 29, 2021. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions take into account historical and forward-looking factors that the Company believes are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
The Company considers as cash and cash equivalents all cash on deposit, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, and proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of up to four days. Credit and debit card receivables were $ 2,282 and $ 2,010 at the end of 2023 and 2022.
