WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Based on the information currently available, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2021 and available funds from our Credit Facility, together with cash flows generated by operations, are sufficient to fund our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
Credit Facility and Term Loans. Our availability under our Credit Facility is limited by, among other things, our consolidated total leverage ratio, which is defined in the Credit Agreement and is based, in part, on our adjusted consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("Adjusted EBITDA") for the four immediately preceding fiscal quarters. The Credit Agreement generally limits the total amount of indebtedness we may incur to not more than 3.75 to 1. In connection with the acquisition of Flyers in January 2022, the applicable leverage ratio is 4.5 to 1 until the end of 2022 pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility. 
As a result of the foregoing, as well as other covenants and restrictions contained in our Credit Facility, our availability under the Credit Facility may fluctuate from period to period. In addition, our failure to comply with the covenants contained in our Credit Facility and our Term Loans could result in an event of default. An event of default, if not cured or waived, would permit acceleration of any outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facility and our Term Loans, trigger cross-defaults under certain other agreements to which we are a party and impair our ability to obtain working capital advances and issue letters of credit, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Note 8. Debt, Interest Income, Expense and Other Finance Costs for additional information.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our ECHO terminal decreased $25.9 million year-to-year primarily due to lower terminaling and storage revenue, which accounted for a $16.6 million decrease, and a benefit recognized during the second quarter of 2019 in connection with a settlement, which accounted for an additional $13.9 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our other crude oil marketing activities increased $225.8 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins (including the impact of hedging activities). The year-to-year increase in gross operating margin from these activities is primarily due to results from marketing strategies that seek to optimize our storage assets. 
Gross operating margin from crude oil activities at EHT increased $15.3 million year-to-year primarily due to higher storage revenues. Crude oil terminal volumes at EHT decreased by 164 MBPD year-to-year. Lastly, gross operating margin from our EFS Midstream system increased $13.4 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average transportation fees.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of our assets and liabilities and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates that will apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. 
We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax laws and that we have properly accounted for uncertain tax positions. We recognize tax benefits in our financial statements from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The amount we recognize is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon resolution. We evaluate uncertain tax positions on an ongoing basis and adjust the amount recognized in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or expiration of a statute of limitations. We believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of uncertain tax positions are reasonable. However, final determination of historical tax liabilities, whether by settlement with tax authorities, judicial or administrative ruling or due to expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected on our consolidated balance sheet and historical income tax provisions. The outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our provision for income taxes, net earnings or cash flows in the period in which the determination is made. 
As a result of Swiss and U.S. tax reform and the related SEC guidance, we finalized our accounting for the legislation based on guidance issued prior to 2019 year end. See Note 16, Income Taxes , for further discussion of the amounts recorded related to Swiss and U.S. tax reform in our financial statements, as well as additional information on our effective tax rate, current and deferred taxes, valuation allowances and unrecognized tax benefits.
