ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
INCOME TAXES — Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effect of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements at the enacted statutory rate to be in effect when the taxes are paid. No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or any additional outside basis differences that exist, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Interest and penalties on income tax obligations are included in taxes on earnings. 
EARNINGS PER SHARE — Unvested restricted stock units and awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are treated as participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share under the two-class method. Under the two-class method, net earnings are allocated between 
common shares and participating securities. Earnings from Continuing Operations allocated to common shares in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $2.320 billion, $346 million and $1.057 billion, respectively. Net earnings allocated to common shares in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $2.353 billion, $468 million and $1.393 billion, respectively.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenues increased $145 million (1.8%), due to the impact of acquisitions (1.8 pp), higher net pricing (1.0 pp) and favorable currency (0.6 pp), partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix (1.6 pp). The April 1, 2020 acquisition of Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $106 million and the January 4, 2021 acquisition of Hu added incremental net revenues of $38 million in 2021. Higher net pricing was driven by biscuits, gum and candy, partially offset by lower net pricing in chocolate. Favorable currency impact was due to the strength of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. Unfavorable volume mix reflected volume declines as the region lapped prior-year strong volume growth driven by significantly increased food purchases for in-home consumption due to the pandemic as well as impacts from labor disruptions and supply chain constraints in the second half of 2021. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in biscuits, candy, chocolate and gum. 
Segment operating income decreased $216 million (13.6%), primarily due to unfavorable volume/mix, higher raw material costs, higher Simplify to Grow Program costs and higher advertising and consumer promotion costs. These unfavorable items were partially offset by higher net pricing, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses (including lower COVID-19 related costs), a net benefit from acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments, lower intangible asset impairment charges, lower manufacturing costs (lower incremental COVID-19 related costs and productivity) and favorable currency. 
Net revenues increased $1,049 million (14.8%), due to favorable volume/mix (6.3 pp), the impact of acquisitions (6.3 pp) and higher net pricing (2.3 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (0.1 pp). Favorable volume/mix, in part due to the positive volume impact from COVID-19 as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption, was driven by gains in biscuits, partially offset by declines in gum, chocolate and candy. The April 1, 2020 acquisition of Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $390 million and the July 16, 2019 acquisition of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks added net revenues of $55 million in 2020. Higher net pricing was driven by biscuits, chocolate and candy, partially offset by lower net pricing in gum. Unfavorable currency impact was due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company has certain customer contracts under which incentives are paid upfront to its customers. These payments have become industry practice and are not related to financing any customer’s business, nor are these costs associated with any distinct good or service to be received from any customer. These incentive payments are capitalized in prepaid expenses and other assets and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the life of the contract or as goods or services are transferred to the 
customer. The Company’s contract assets for these upfront payments were $ 30 million and $ 35 million included in prepaid expenses in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019, respectively, and $ 27 million and $ 39 million included in other assets in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019, respectively. 
Smart Foodservice Acquisition —On April 24, 2020, USF completed the acquisition of Smart Stores Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation (“Smart Foodservice”), from funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc. Total consideration paid at the closing of the acquisition (net of cash acquired) was $ 972 million. At the time of the acquisition, Smart Foodservice operated 70 small-format cash and carry stores across California, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington that serve small and mid-sized restaurants and other food business customers. The acquisition of Smart Foodservice expands the Company’s cash and carry business in the West and Northwest parts of the U.S.
