BOEING CO report:
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, trade payables included $ 2.3 billion and $ 3.8 billion payable to suppliers who have elected to participate in supply chain financing programs. While access to supply chain financing has been reduced due to our current credit ratings and debt levels, we do not believe that these or future changes in the availability of supply chain financing will have a significant impact on our liquidity. 
In addition to our debt issuances, we have taken a number of actions to improve liquidity. During 2020, our Board of Directors terminated its prior authorization to repurchase shares of the Company’s outstanding common stock and suspended the declaration and/or payment of dividends until further 
notice. We have also reduced production rates in our commercial business to reflect the impact of COVID-19 on the industry. We rationalized our workforce through a combination of voluntary and involuntary layoffs and natural turnover. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we began using our common stock in lieu of cash to fund Company contributions to our 401(k) plans. In December 2020, we awarded most of our employees a one-time stock grant that will vest in three years in lieu of merit pay increases. We have reduced discretionary spending, including reducing or deferring research and development and capital expenditures. We expect these actions to further enable the Company to conserve cash.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Brian Zachman, 49 -Mr. Zachman has served as President of Global Risk Management since joining Bunge in January 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Zachman held portfolio management positions focused on agricultural commodity derivatives, most recently with Millennium Limited Partners since 2014 and prior to that with SAC Capital from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Zachman previously worked at Bunge from 1999 to 2012, serving in a number of commercial and trading roles within Agribusiness. Prior to that, he held various commercial and merchant roles with Cargill and ConAgra. Mr. Zachman holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of Minnesota-Duluth. 
We are subject to various legal proceedings and risks globally in the course of our business, including claims, suits, and government investigations or proceedings involving competition, tax, labor and employment, environmental, commercial disputes, and other matters. Although we cannot accurately predict the amount of any liability that may ultimately arise with respect to any of these matters, we make provisions for potential liabilities when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. These provisions are based on current information and legal advice and are adjusted from time to time according to developments. We do not expect the outcome of these proceedings, net of established reserves, to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. However, due to their inherent uncertainty, there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of current or future litigation, proceedings, investigations or claims and it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in judgments, awards, fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. 
For a discussion of certain legal and tax matters relating to Argentina and Brazil, see Note 14- Income Taxes and Note 21- Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The hierarchy for inputs used in determining fair value maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Assets and liabilities recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at fair value are categorized in the fair value hierarchy based on the observability of inputs to the valuation techniques as follows: 
Level 3: Assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s estimates of the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the assets and liabilities. 
The availability of observable inputs varies by instrument. In situations where fair value is based on internally developed pricing models or inputs that are unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. The degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is typically greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. In many instances, valuation inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The category level in the fair value hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including during periods of market disruption. In periods of market disruption, the ability to observe prices and inputs may be reduced for many instruments.
