ALLSTATE CORP report:
Employee costs include severance and employee benefits primarily impacting claims, sales, service and support functions. Exit costs, primarily related to future work environment, reflect real estate costs primarily related to accelerated amortization of right of use assets and related leasehold improvements at facilities to be vacated. 
As of December 31, 2021, the cumulative amount incurred to date for active programs related to employee severance, relocation benefits and exit expenses totaled $ 247 million for employee costs and $ 157 million for exit costs. 
The Company is required to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and joint underwriting associations in various states that provide insurance coverage to individuals or entities that otherwise are unable to purchase such coverage from private insurers.

BOEING CO report:
The accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) for all pension plans was $ 69,376 and $ 77,414 at December 31, 2018 and 2017 . Key information for our plans with ABO and PBO in excess of plan assets as of December 31 was as follows: 
The following assumptions, which are the weighted average for all plans, are used to calculate the benefit obligation at December 31 of each year and the net periodic benefit cost for the subsequent year. 
The discount rate for each plan is determined based on the plans’ expected future benefit payments using a yield curve developed from high quality bonds that are rated as Aa or better by at least half of the four rating agencies utilized as of the measurement date. The yield curve is fitted to yields developed from bonds at various maturity points. Bonds with the ten percent highest and the ten percent lowest yields are omitted. The present value of each plan’s benefits is calculated by applying the discount rates to projected benefit cash flows.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in countries including the United States, France, Germany, and Japan. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed in the Company's tax audits are resolved in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. 
The Company has operations and taxable presence in multiple jurisdictions in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions around the world. The Company currently considers U.S. federal, Japan, Australia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and Israel to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal tax returns since fiscal 2008 remain open to examination. With some exceptions, tax 
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that a decrease of unrecognized tax benefits up to approximately $ 3 million may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse.
