ALLSTATE CORP report:
The following cases are currently pending against the Company: Olberg v. Allstate Insurance Company, Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company, and CCC Information Services, Inc. (W.D. Wash., filed April 2018); Bloomgarden v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (S.D. Fla., filed July 2018, dismissed August 2019, refiled on September 2019, remanded to 17th Judicial Circuit, Broward County October 2020); Erby v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (E.D. Pa., filed October 2018); Kronenberg v. Allstate Insurance Company and Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (E.D. N.Y., filed December 2018); Ryan v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (7th Judicial Circuit, Volusia County, Fla.; filed May 2019, dismissed and refiled October 2019); Durgin v. Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company (W.D. LA, filed June 7, 2019); Anderson v. Allstate Insurance Company (20th Judicial Circuit, Collier County, Fla.; filed August 2019); Cody v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and Allstate County Mutual Insurance Company (N.D. Tex., filed August 2019); Williams v. Esurance Property and Casualty Insurance Company (C.D. Cal,; filed September 2020); Cotton v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (Cir. Ct. of Cook County, Chancery Div., Ill.; filed October 2020); Romaniak v. Esurance Property and Casualty Insurance Company (N.D. Ohio, filed December 2020); Gosa v. Esurance Property and Casualty Insurance Company (S.D. Ill., filed December 2020). 
Other proceedings The stockholder derivative actions described below are disclosed pursuant to SEC disclosure requirements for these types of matters. The putative class action alleging violations of the federal securities laws is disclosed because it involves similar allegations to those made in the stockholder derivative actions. 
Biefeldt / IBEW Consolidated Action. Two separately filed stockholder derivative actions have been consolidated into a single proceeding that is pending in the Circuit Court for Cook County, Illinois, Chancery Division. The original complaint in the first-filed of those actions, Biefeldt v. Wilson, et al. , was filed on August 3, 2017, in that court by a plaintiff alleging that she is a stockholder of the Company. On June 29, 2018, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss that complaint for failure to make a pre-suit demand on the Allstate Board but granted plaintiff permission to file an amended complaint. The original complaint in IBEW Local No. 98 Pension Fund v. Wilson, et al. , was filed on April 12, 2018, in the same court by another plaintiff alleging to be a stockholder of the Company. After the court issued its dismissal decision in the Biefeldt action, plaintiffs agreed to consolidate the two actions and filed a consolidated amended complaint naming as defendants the Company’s chairman, president and chief executive officer, its former president, and certain present or former members of the board of directors. In that complaint, plaintiffs allege that the directors and officer defendants breached their fiduciary duties to the Company in connection with allegedly material misstatements or omissions concerning the Company’s automobile insurance claim frequency statistics and the reasons for a claim frequency increase for Allstate brand auto i nsurance between October 2014 and August 3, 2015. The factual allegations are substantially similar to those at issue in In re The Allstate Corp. Securities Litigation . Plaintiffs further allege that a senior officer and several outside directors engaged in stock option exercises allegedly while in possession of material nonpublic information. Plaintiffs seek, on behalf of the Company, an unspecified amount of damages and various forms of equitable relief. Defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated complaint on September 24, 2018 for failure to make a demand on the Allstate Board. On May 14, 2019, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint, but allowed plaintiffs leave to file a second consolidated amended complaint which they filed on September 17, 2019. Defendants moved to dismiss the complaint on November 1, 2019 for failure to make a demand on the Allstate Board. The court subsequently requested supplemental briefing on the motion which concluded on February 1, 2021. A ruling is expected at a status conference scheduled for February 24, 2021.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We believe that, to varying degrees, our trademarks, trade names, copyrights, proprietary processes, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names and similar intellectual property add significant value to our business and are important to our success. We have invested significantly in the development and protection of our well-recognized brands, including the Costco Wholesale trademarks and our private-label brand, Kirkland Signature. We believe that Kirkland Signature products are high quality, offered at prices that are generally lower than national brands, and help lower costs, differentiate our merchandise offerings, and generally earn higher margins. We expect to continue to increase the sales penetration of our private-label items. 
We rely on trademark and copyright laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality, license and other agreements with our suppliers, employees and others to protect our intellectual property. The availability and duration of trademark registrations vary by country; however, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and registrations are maintained. 
Our U.S. website is www.costco.com. We make available through the Investor Relations section of that site, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such materials with or furnishing such documents to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains a site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, such as the Company, that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.

BOEING CO report:
Revenue and cost estimates for all significant long-term contract performance obligations are reviewed and reassessed quarterly. Changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the performance obligation’s inception to date revenues, cost of sales and profit, in the period in which such changes are made. Changes in revenue and cost estimates could also result in a reach-forward loss or an adjustment to a reach-forward loss, which would be recorded immediately in earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 net unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments, including reach-forward losses, across all long-term contracts decreased Earnings from operations by $942 million, $111 million and $190 million, respectively. The cumulative catch-up adjustments in 2020 were primarily due to reach-forward losses incurred on the KC-46A Tanker program. 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is likely that materially different earnings could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. If the combined gross margin for all long-term contract performance obligations for all of 2020 had been estimated to be higher or lower by 1%, it would have increased or decreased pre-tax income for the year by approximately $330 million. In addition, a number of our fixed price development contracts are in a reach-forward loss position. Changes to estimated losses are recorded immediately in earnings. 
Program accounting requires the demonstrated ability to reliably estimate the relationship of sales to costs for the defined program accounting quantity. A program consists of the estimated number of units (accounting quantity) of a product to be produced in a continuing, long-term production effort for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts. The determination of the accounting quantity is limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates of the revenue and cost of existing and
