SALESFORCE INC report:
We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $4.3 billion  at January 31, 2019 . This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectation due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as “available for sale,” no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary. 
An immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 100-basis points at January 31, 2019  could result in a $21 million  market value reduction or increase of the same amount. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in other comprehensive income, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Certain of our floating rate debt and certain of our interest rate derivative transactions utilize interest rates that are linked to the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) as the benchmark rate. The U.S. dollar LIBOR rates utilized in these transactions will cease publication after June 30, 2023, in accordance with recent U.S. and international regulatory guidance for reform. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted but could include an increase in the cost of our floating rate debt or exposure under our interest rate derivative transactions. We do not anticipate a significant impact to our financial position given our current mix of variable and fixed-rate debt and taking into account the impact of our interest rate hedging. In 2021, we began utilizing interest rates that are linked to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the benchmark rate for various floating rate transactions. 
The table that follows summarizes the fair values of our long-term debt, including current maturities, and interest rate swap derivatives as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The table also provides a sensitivity analysis of the estimated fair values of these financial instruments assuming 100-basis-point upward and downward shifts in the yield curve. Our sensitivity analysis does not include the fair values of our commercial paper and bank loans, if any, because they are not significantly affected by changes in market interest rates. 
We enter into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against interest rate risk exposure of designated debt issuances. At December 31, 2022, there was no amount related to the fair value of the asset and the fair value of the liability of these contracts was $4.6 billion. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was $473 million and $666 million, respectively. The increase in the fair value of the liability of these contracts is primarily due to interest rate changes during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total notional amount of the interest rate swaps was $26.1 billion and $19.8 billion, respectively.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Independent agent strategy The acquisition of National General significantly enhanced our strategic position in the independent agency channel. The transaction increased our total personal property-liability market share by over one percentage point and has enhanced our independent agent-facing technology. It also expanded our distribution footprint, and led us to be a top five personal lines carrier in the independent agency distribution channel. 
National General provides personal and commercial automobile, homeowners, umbrella, recreational vehicle, motorcycle, lender-placed property, health and other niche insurance products. Auto insurance represents approximately 60% of premium with a significant presence in the non-standard auto market. Allstate’s capabilities are being leveraged to create standard auto and homeowners insurance products to better serve mid-market customers through independent agents. 
Answer Financial strategy Answer Financial is an insurance agency that sells other insurance companies’ products directly to customers online. Our strategy as a technology-enabled insurance agency is to provide comparison shopping and related services for businesses, offering customers choice, convenience and ease of use.
