COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The following table shows the amounts used in computing net income per share and the weighted average number of shares of basic and of potentially dilutive common shares outstanding (shares in 000’s):   
The Company is involved in a number of claims, proceedings and litigations arising from its business and property ownership. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company establishes an accrual for legal proceedings if and when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. There may be exposure to loss in excess of amounts accrued. The Company monitors those matters for developments that would affect the likelihood of a loss (taking into account where applicable indemnification arrangements concerning suppliers and insurers) and the accrued amount, if any, thereof, and adjusts the amount as appropriate. The Company has recorded immaterial accruals with respect to certain matters described below, in addition to other immaterial accruals for matters not described below. If the loss contingency at issue is not both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company does not establish an accrual, but will continue to monitor the matter for developments that will make the loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. In each case, there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred, including a loss in excess of the applicable accrual. For matters where no accrual has been recorded, the possible loss or range of loss (including any loss in excess of the accrual) cannot, in the Company's view, be reasonably estimated because, among other things: (i) the remedies or penalties sought are indeterminate or unspecified; (ii) the legal and/or factual theories are not well developed; and/or (iii) the matters involve complex or novel legal theories or a large number of parties. 
The Company is a defendant in an action commenced in July 2013 under the California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA) alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 for failing to provide seating to employees who work at entrance and exit doors in California warehouses. Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2013-1-CV-248813; Santa Clara Superior Court). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. A bench trial was held in June and July; no decision has been issued.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company is party to various lawsuits and claims in the ordinary course of business. However, a determination as to the amount of the accrual required for such contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty and the impact of the final resolution of these matters on the Company's results of operations in a particular subsequent reporting period is not known, management does not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, future results of operations or liquidity. 
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. This section provides additional information regarding our businesses, current developments, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, contractual commitments and critical accounting policies. 
We are a global media company that provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including pay-TV, free to air ("FTA") and broadcast television, authenticated applications, digital distribution arrangements and content licensing agreements. Our portfolio of networks includes prominent television brands such as Discovery Channel, our most widely distributed global brand, TLC, Animal Planet, Food Network, HGTV, ID, MotorTrend (previously known as Velocity and known as Turbo outside of the U.S.) and Eurosport, a leading sports entertainment pay-TV programmer across Europe and Asia. We operate production studios, and prior to the sale of our Education Business on April 30, 2018, we sold curriculum-based education products and services (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We proportionately consolidate a 66.7% undivided interest in three of the propylene splitters, which have an aggregate 38 MBPD of total plant capacity. The remaining three propylene fractionation units are wholly owned.
We produce PGP at our propylene fractionation units and PDH 1 facility located at the Mont Belvieu hub and CGP at our BRPC facility located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. On a weighted-average basis, the overall utilization rate of our propylene production facilities was approximately 86.7 %, 86.7% and 89.9% during the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
Global demand for propylene is increasing; however, the use of lighter crude oil feedstocks by U.S. refiners and increased use of ethane by steam crackers has reduced propylene production from these traditional sources. This has led to the development of more “on purpose” propylene production facilities such as our current PDH facility (“PDH 1”), which entered service in April 2018. The facility, which is located in Chambers County, Texas at our Mont Belvieu complex, has the capacity to produce up to 1.65 billion pounds per year, or approximately 25 MBPD, of PGP. At this nameplate production rate, the facility consumes approximately 35 MBPD of propane as feedstock. The PDH 1 facility is integrated with our legacy Mont Belvieu propylene fractionation units, which provides us with operational reliability and flexibility for both the PDH facility and the fractionation units. The construction of PDH 1 was underwritten by long-term, fee-based contracts that feature minimum volume commitments.
