ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Midland- to-ECHO System, which is currently comprised of our Midland-to-ECHO 1 and 2 pipelines, supports Permian Basin crude oil production by providing producers and other shippers with transportation solutions that are both cost-efficient and operationally flexible. After aggregating crude at our Midland terminal, the system transports multiple grades of crude oil, including WTI, WTI light sweet crude oil (“West Texas Light”), West Texas Sour, and condensate, to our ECHO terminal (using batched shipments to safeguard crude quality) for further delivery to markets along the Gulf Coast. 
The Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 418 miles to our Sealy storage terminal. Volumes arriving at Sealy are then transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline, which is a component of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System. Using the ECHO terminal, shippers on the Midland-to-ECHO System have access to every refinery in Houston, Texas City, Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas, as well as our crude oil export terminal facilities. The Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline also includes certain storage assets located at Sealy, Texas. The pipeline entered limited service in November 2017 and full service in April 2018. As a result of operating enhancements and supplementary infrastructure completed in March 2019, the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline currently has a transportation capacity of 620 MBPD.
The majority of the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline is owned by Whitethorn, in which we own an 80% equity interest. In June 2018, an affiliate of Western Gas Partners, LP acquired a 20% equity interest in Whitethorn for $189.6 million in cash.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We use a combination of primarily currency forward contracts, futures, options and swaps; commodity forward contracts, futures and options; and interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the value of our debt. See Note 10, Financial Instruments, for more information on the types of derivative instruments we use. 
We record derivative financial instruments on a gross basis in our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our asset derivatives is recorded within other current assets and other assets and the fair value of our liability derivatives is recorded within other current liabilities and other liabilities. Non-cash changes in unrealized gains and losses related to our unsettled derivative instruments are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows in other non-cash items, net, within operating activities. Cash flows related to the settlement of derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges of foreign operations are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows within investing activities. All other cash flows related to derivative instruments that are designated, and those that are economic hedges, are classified in the same line item as the cash flows of the related hedged item, which is generally within operating activities. Cash flows related to the settlement of all other free-standing derivative instruments are classified within investing activities. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a cash flow hedge, to the extent that the hedge is effective, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) and reclassified to earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Changes in fair value of economic hedges and the ineffective portion of all hedges are recognized in current period earnings. We use non-U.S. dollar denominated debt to hedge a portion of our net investment in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. Currency movements related to our non-U.S. debt and our net investments in non-U.S. operations, as well as the related deferred taxes, are recorded within currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses). 
In order to qualify for hedge accounting, a specified level of hedging effectiveness between the derivative instrument and the item being hedged must exist at inception and throughout the hedged period. We must also formally document the nature of and relationship between the derivative and the hedged item, as well as our risk management objectives, strategies for undertaking the hedge transaction and method of assessing hedge effectiveness. Additionally, for a hedge of a forecasted transaction, the significant characteristics and expected term of the forecasted transaction must be specifically identified, and it must be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur. If it is no longer probable that the hedged forecasted transaction will occur, we would recognize the gain or loss related to the derivative in earnings.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies. These transactions may be pursuant to fuel purchase contracts or through spot sales. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain strategic locations, the cost of which is generally tied to market-based formulas. 
Finally, we also provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal commonly referred to as "racks," which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third-parties. 
On January 3, 2022, we closed the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interest in Flyers Energy Group, LLC ("Flyers"). Flyers' operations include transportation, commercial fleet fueling, lubricants distribution, and the supply of wholesale, branded and renewable fuels. See Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information.
