BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
The Company, and certain of its subsidiaries participate in a trade receivable securitization program (the "Program") with a financial institution, as administrative agent, and certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (collectively, the "Purchasers") that provides for funding of up to $925 million against receivables sold into the Program. The Program, which provides us with an additional source of liquidity, terminates on May 17, 2024, unless extended for an additional period in accordance with the terms of the receivables transfer agreement. 
Our risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables under the program is limited to the deferred purchase price receivable (the "DPP"), which at December 31, 2021 and 2020 had a fair value of $496 million and $177 million, respectively, and is included in Other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets (see Note 4- Trade Accounts Receivable and Trade Receivable Securitization Program to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). The DPP will be repaid in cash as receivables are collected, generally within 30 days. Delinquencies and credit losses on trade receivables sold under the Program during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were insignificant. 
We may use interest rate swaps as hedging instruments and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. Additionally, the carrying amount of the associated debt is adjusted through earnings for changes in fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates. See Note 16- Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities to our consolidated financial statements.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
New Jersey Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Agreement  comprises two  existing contracts and a newly placed contract that reinsures personal lines property and automobile excess catastrophe losses in New Jersey caused by multiple perils. The newly placed contract effective June 1, 2018, also includes coverage for commercial lines property and automobile (physical damage only) catastrophe losses. 
The contracts expire May 31, 2019, May 31, 2020 and May 31, 2021, and provide 31.67% , 31.67%  and 31.66% , respectively, of $400 million  of limits excess of a provisional $139 million  retention, a $142 million  retention, and a $150 million  retention, respectively. Each contract includes one  mandatory reinstatement of limits per contract year with premium due. The reinsurance premium and retention are subject to redetermination for exposure changes on an annual basis. 
Kentucky Earthquake Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract is a three -year contract that reinsures personal lines property excess catastrophe losses in Kentucky caused by earthquakes and fires following earthquakes. The contract expires May 31, 2020 and provides three  limits of $28 million  in excess of a $2 million  retention with two  limits being available in any one  contract year and is 95%  placed. The reinsurance premium and retention are not subject to redetermination for exposure changes.

BOEING CO report:
Deferred tax liabilities represent the assumed source of future taxable income and the majority are assumed to generate taxable amounts during the next five years. Deferred tax assets include amounts related to pension and other postretirement benefits that are assumed to generate significant deductible amounts beyond five years. The Company’s valuation allowance of $3,162 million at December 31, 2022 primarily relates to pension and other postretirement benefit obligation deferred tax assets, tax credits and other carryforwards that are assumed to reverse beyond the period in which reversals of deferred tax liabilities are assumed to occur. During 2022, the Company increased the valuation allowance by $739 million primarily due to tax credits and other carryforwards generated in 2022 that 
cannot be realized in 2022, partially offset by favorable pension remeasurement. Until the Company generates sustained levels of profitability, additional valuation allowances may have to be recorded with corresponding adverse impacts on earnings and/or other comprehensive income. 
We have financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk, principally fixed- and floating-rate debt obligations, and customer financing assets and liabilities. The investors in our fixed-rate debt obligations do not generally have the right to demand we pay off these obligations prior to maturity. Therefore, exposure to interest rate risk is not believed to be material for our fixed-rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any significant floating-rate debt obligations. Historically, we have not experienced material gains or losses on our customer financing assets and liabilities due to interest rate changes.
