COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The following table shows the amounts used in computing net income per share and the weighted average number of shares of basic and of potentially dilutive common shares outstanding (shares in 000’s):   
The Company is involved in a number of claims, proceedings and litigations arising from its business and property ownership. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company establishes an accrual for legal proceedings if and when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. There may be exposure to loss in excess of amounts accrued. The Company monitors those matters for developments that would affect the likelihood of a loss (taking into account where applicable indemnification arrangements concerning suppliers and insurers) and the accrued amount, if any, thereof, and adjusts the amount as appropriate. The Company has recorded immaterial accruals with respect to certain matters described below, in addition to other immaterial accruals for matters not described below. If the loss contingency at issue is not both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company does not establish an accrual, but will continue to monitor the matter for developments that will make the loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. In each case, there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred, including a loss in excess of the applicable accrual. For matters where no accrual has been recorded, the possible loss or range of loss (including any loss in excess of the accrual) cannot, in the Company's view, be reasonably estimated because, among other things: (i) the remedies or penalties sought are indeterminate or unspecified; (ii) the legal and/or factual theories are not well developed; and/or (iii) the matters involve complex or novel legal theories or a large number of parties. 
The Company is a defendant in an action commenced in July 2013 under the California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA) alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 for failing to provide seating to employees who work at entrance and exit doors in California warehouses. Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2013-1-CV-248813; Santa Clara Superior Court). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. A bench trial was held in June and July; no decision has been issued.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
We provide truckload brokerage services in the U.S. and Europe through our Coyote-branded subsidiaries. Access to the UPS fleet, combined with a broad third-party carrier network, creates customized capacity solutions for all markets and customers. Coyote customers can also access UPS services such as air freight, customs brokerage and global freight forwarding. 
Our Logistics & Distribution business provides value-added fulfillment and transportation management services. We leverage a network of more than 1,000 facilities in over 100 countries to ensure products and parts are in the right place at the right time. We operate both multi-client and dedicated facilities across our network, many of which are strategically located near UPS air and ground transportation hubs to support rapid delivery to consumer and business markets. 
Each of our U.S. distribution centers can be designated as a Foreign Trade Zone ("FTZ"), allowing businesses the opportunity to defer or reduce tariff burdens on imported and exported goods. We also have multiple FTZ-compliant facilities in Europe and Asia.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• structural heart products, including MitraClip ® , a mitral valve transcatheter edge-to-edge repair system; TriClip ® , a tricuspid valve transcatheter edge-to-edge repair system; Epic ® , a surgical family of aortic valve and mitral valve replacement devices; Portico ® and Navitor™ transcatheter aortic heart valves; Regent™ and Masters Series™ mechanical heart valves; Amplatzer ® PFO occluders; Amplatzer Amulet ® occluder devices; and the Tendyne ® transcatheter mitral valve replacement system; 
• continuous glucose and blood glucose monitoring systems under the FreeStyle ® brand such as the FreeStyle Libre ® system, including sensors, data management decision software, test strips, and accessories for people with diabetes; and 
• neuromodulation products, including spinal cord stimulators Proclaim ® Elite and Proclaim ® XR Recharge-free implantable pulse generators (IPG) and Prodigy MRI ® IPG, each with BurstDR ® stimulation, and Proclaim ® DRG IPG, a neurostimulation device designed for dorsal root ganglion therapy, for the treatment of chronic pain disorders; and the Infinity ® Deep Brain Stimulation System with directional lead technology for the treatment of movement disorders.
