COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We have a code of ethics for senior financial officers, pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Copies of the code are available free of charge by writing to Secretary, Costco Wholesale Corporation, 999 Lake Drive, Issaquah, WA 98027. If the Company makes any amendments to this code (other than technical, administrative, or non-substantive amendments) or grants any waivers, including implicit waivers, to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or principal accounting officer and controller, we will disclose (on our website or in a Form 8-K report filed with the SEC) the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date, and to whom it applies. 
The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to promote understanding of the results of operations and financial condition. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). This section generally discusses the results of operations for 2023 compared to 2022. For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2022 compared to 2021 refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 5, 2022. 
We believe that the most important driver of our profitability is increasing net sales, particularly comparable sales. Net sales includes our core merchandise categories (foods and sundries, non-foods, and fresh foods), warehouse ancillary (gasoline, pharmacy, optical, food court, hearing aids, and tire installation) and other businesses (e-commerce, business centers, travel and other). Comparable sales is defined as net sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, and sales related to e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. The measure is intended as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). Comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). Sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to our international operations); inflation or deflation and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions. The higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage our SG&A expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. Generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long-term. Another substantial factor in net sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the United States. Net sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. While we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Louisiana and Mississippi natural gas processing facilities increased $44.5 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average processing margins (including the impact of hedging activities). Net to our interest, combined fee-based natural gas processing and equity NGL production volumes at these plants decreased 50 MMcf/d and increased 3 MBPD, respectively, year-to-year (net to our interest).
Gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities decreased $72.9 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins, which accounted for a $44.4 million decrease, and lower sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $18.0 million decrease. The year-to-year decrease in gross operating margin can be attributed to results from marketing strategies that seek to optimize our export, storage and plant assets, which accounted for a combined $154.6 million decrease, partially offset by higher earnings from strategies that seek to optimize our transportation assets, which accounted for a $91.3 million increase. In addition, gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities attributable to non-cash, mark-to-market earnings decreased $9.6 million year-to-year.
A number of our pipelines, including the Mid-America Pipeline System, Seminole NGL Pipeline, Chaparral NGL Pipeline, and Shin Oak NGL Pipeline, serve Permian Basin and/or Rocky Mountain producers. On a combined basis, gross operating margin from these pipelines decreased $109.2 million year-to-year primarily due to lower transportation volumes of 49 MBPD (net to our interest), which accounted for an $ 57.3 million decrease, and a $44.0 million decrease due to lower average transportation and deficiency fees, which was primarily due to certain contracts associated with the Rocky Mountain segment of our Mid-America Pipeline System reaching their termination date in September 2021.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The table set forth below presents selected financial information for investments accounted for under the equity method. Because renewable energy projects discussed above are accounted for under the HLBV equity method of accounting, the Company's equity method losses do not directly correlate with the GAAP results of the investees presented below. The selected statement of operations information for each of the three years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 and the selected balance sheet information as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 is summarized in the table below (in millions).    
The Company owns shares of common stock of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. ("Lionsgate"), an entertainment company. Upon the adoption of ASU 2016-01 on January 1, 2018, the shares are measured at fair value based on a quoted market price per unit in active markets multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs (Level 1). Gains and losses recorded are in other expense, net , as the shares have a readily determinable fair value and the Company has the intent to retain the investment. (See Note 20.) The Company recorded a transition adjustment to reclassify accumulated other comprehensive income associated with Lionsgate shares in the amount of $ 26 million , net of tax, to retained earnings. Previously, amounts were recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. 
The unrealized gains and losses related to the Company's common stock investments with readily determinable fair values for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 are summarized in the table below (in millions).
