ALLSTATE CORP report:
Inclusive Diversity and Equity (“IDE”) We strive for a workforce where the breadth of our diversity makes us a better company. IDE is one of Allstate’s core values and serves as a foundation of Our Shared Purpose. 
• We track our workforce composition data over time to determine if we are making appropriate progress in advancing gender and racial representation in our employee population and we disclose our progress. In our Sustainability Report, we provide, among other things, five years of workforce composition data that shows a breakdown of salaried, hourly and management employees by gender and race. Beginning in 2021 we also disclosed our EEO-1 data. 
• As part of our commitment to fair and equitable compensation practices, we complete an annual pay equity analysis. We partner with external law and data analytics firms to provide a more detailed analysis to identify potential pay gaps across substantially similar employee groups as well as identify policies, practices or systematic issues that may contribute to pay gaps now or over time. The external analyses found that Allstate’s results compared well to benchmarks for companies of similar size and scope.

BOEING CO report:
Significant adjustments during the three years ended December 31, 2018 included reach-forward losses of $ 736 , $ 445 and $ 1,127 on the USAF KC-46A Tanker contract recorded during 2018, 2017 and 2016. 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. 
Payments under long-term contracts may be received before or after revenue is recognized. The U.S. government customer typically withholds payment of a small portion of the contract price until contract completion. Therefore, long-term contracts typically generate Unbilled receivables (contract assets) but may generate Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities). Long-term contract Unbilled receivables and Advances and progress billings are not considered a significant financing component because they are intended to protect either the customer or the Company in the event that some or all of the obligations under the contract are not completed.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in the near term as we continue to invest in technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. 
For fiscal 2023, the increase in marketing and sales expenses was primarily due to an increase of $1.3 billion in employee-related costs, including the amortization of deferred commissions and stock-based compensation expense. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by three percent since fiscal 2022 primarily due to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. Fiscal 2023 marketing and sales expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to our hiring pause that began in the second half of fiscal 2023, our January 2023 restructuring plan and decreased marketing expenses. 
We expect that marketing and sales expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may decrease as a percentage of revenues in the near term as we focus on leveraging our self-serve and partner-led channels and increasing our sales productivity.
