BOEING CO report:
BDS faces strong competition in all market segments, primarily from Lockheed Martin Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Raytheon Company, General Dynamics Corporation and SpaceX. Non-U.S. companies such as BAE Systems and Airbus Group continue to build a strategic presence in the U.S. 
market by strengthening their North American operations and partnering with U.S. defense companies. In addition, certain competitors have occasionally formed teams with other competitors to address specific customer requirements. BDS expects the trend of strong competition to continue into 2019 . 
The commercial and defense services market is an extremely challenging landscape made up of many of the same strong U.S. and non-U.S. competitors facing BCA and BDS along with other competitors in those markets. BGS leverages our extensive services network offering products and services which span the life cycle of our defense and commercial airplane programs: training, fleet services and logistics, maintenance and engineering, modifications and upgrades - as well as the daily cycle of gate-to-gate operations. BGS expects the market to remain highly competitive in 2019 , and intends to grow market share by leveraging a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As discussed in Note 11 to the financial statements, the Company changed its international corporate structure in the year ended January 31, 2021, which included the transfer of certain intangible property to Ireland resulting in a net tax benefit of $2.0 billion related to foreign deferred tax assets. The determination of the estimated fair value of the intangible property is complex and judgmental due to the use of subjective assumptions in the valuation models used by management. The estimated fair value serves as the tax basis of the deferred tax asset. 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management’s development of the assumptions used in the valuation models applied in determining the fair value of the intangible property. 
To test the estimated fair value of the intangible property, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions used in the valuation models, including validating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the assumptions and estimates. We compared the more sensitive significant assumptions used by management to current industry and competitor data and the Company’s own historical results. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management’s own forecasts. In addition, we involved our valuation specialists and tax professionals to assist in our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and the significant assumptions underlying the fair value estimates.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various Internet of Things (IoT) services and products. We also provide FWA broadband through our wireless networks. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world. 
The method of accounting applied to investments, whether consolidated or equity, involves an evaluation of all significant terms of the investments that explicitly grant or suggest evidence of control or influence over the operations of the investee. The consolidated financial statements include our controlled subsidiaries, as well as variable interest entities (VIE) where we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. For controlled subsidiaries that are not wholly-owned, the noncontrolling interests are included in Net income and Total equity. Investments in businesses that we do not control, but have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies, are accounted for using the equity method. Equity method investments are included in Investments in unconsolidated businesses in our consolidated balance sheets. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
We prepare our financial statements using U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and disclosures. These estimates and assumptions take into account historical and forward-looking factors that the Company believes are reasonable, including but not limited to public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and related economic implications. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
