SALESFORCE INC report:
We have an investment portfolio that includes strategic investments in privately held and publicly traded companies, which range from early-stage companies to more mature companies both domestically and internationally. We primarily invest in enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators to create and expand our ecosystem. As the enterprise cloud computing ecosystem continues to mature and technologies change, our investment strategy and corresponding investment opportunities have expanded to include investments in companies concurrently with their initial public offerings, as well as larger capital investments in late stage companies. We plan to continue these types of strategic investments, including in companies representing targeted geographies and targeted business and technological initiatives, as opportunities arise that we find attractive. 
As of January 31, 2020, our portfolio consisted of investments in over 260 companies, with capital investments ranging from less than $0.3 million to approximately $300 million, and 27 investments with carrying values individually equal to or in excess of approximately $10 million. 
We anticipate additional volatility to our consolidated statements of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments to our investments. These changes could be material based on market conditions and events. While historically our investment portfolio has had a positive impact on our financial results, that may not be true for future periods, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations that affect our equity securities within our strategic investments portfolio.

BOEING CO report:
BCA develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Revenue on commercial aircraft contracts is recognized at the point in time when an aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. Revenue on certain military derivative aircraft contracts is recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred. 
BDS engages in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems, surveillance and engagement, strategic defense and intelligence systems, satellite systems and space exploration. BDS revenue is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred. 
BGS provides parts, maintenance, modifications, logistics support, training, data analytics and information-based services to commercial and government customers worldwide. BGS segment revenue and costs include certain services provided to other segments. Revenue on commercial spare parts contracts is recognized at the point in time when a spare part is delivered to the customer. Revenue on other contracts is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our financial statements and related schedule required by this item are contained on pages F-1 through F-62 and on page E-1 included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 15(a) for a listing of financial statements provided.Ocean Freight Derivatives —We use derivative instruments referred to as freight forward agreements, or FFAs, and FFA options to hedge portions of our current and anticipated ocean freight costs. Changes in the fair values of ocean freight derivatives are recorded in Cost of goods sold. 
Energy Derivatives —We use derivative instruments for various purposes including to manage our exposure to volatility in energy costs, and our exposure to market prices related to the sale of biofuels. Our operations use substantial amounts of energy, including natural gas, coal and fuel oil, including bunker fuel. Changes in the fair values of energy derivatives are recorded in Cost of goods sold. 
Other Derivatives —We may also enter into other derivatives, including credit default swaps and equity derivatives, to manage our exposure to credit risk and broader macroeconomic risks, respectively. The impact of changes in fair value of these instruments is presented in Cost of goods sold.
