COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company considers as cash and cash equivalents all cash on deposit, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, and proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of up to four days. Credit and debit card receivables were $ 1,434  and $ 1,348  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively. 
The Company provides for the daily replenishment of major bank accounts as payments are presented. Included in accounts payable at the end of 2019  and 2018  are $ 673  and $ 463 , respectively, representing the excess of outstanding payments over cash on deposit at the banks on which the payments were drawn. 
In general, short-term investments have a maturity at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The results of operations for this pipeline system are dependent upon the volume of products transported and the level of fees charged to shippers. The tariffs charged for such services are either contractual or regulated by governmental agencies, including the FERC. See “ Regulatory Matters ” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion for information regarding governmental regulation of our liquids pipelines, including tariffs charged for transportation services.
The maximum number of barrels per day that our TE Products Pipeline can transport depends on the operating balance achieved at a given point in time between various segments of the system (e.g., demand levels at each delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rate of this pipeline in terms of throughput. Aggregate throughput volumes by product type for the TE Products Pipeline were as follows for the years indicated:
In April 2022, we announced plans for our Texas Western Products System, created by repurposing a portion of our Mid-America Pipeline System’s Rocky Mountain segment and adding westbound service to our Chaparral Pipeline business to transport refined products from the U.S. Gulf Coast to markets in West Texas, New Mexico, Colorado and Utah. The system is expected to be completed in phases beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Subscriber statistics set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include both wholly-owned networks and networks operated by equity method investees. Domestic subscriber statistics are based on Nielsen Media Research. International subscriber and viewer statistics are derived from internal data coupled with external sources when available. As used herein, a “subscriber” is a single household that receives the applicable network from its cable television operator, DTH satellite operator, telecommunication service provider, or other television provider, including those who receive our networks from pay-TV providers without charge pursuant to various pricing plans that include free periods and/or free carriage. The term “cumulative subscribers” refers to the sum of the total number of subscribers to each of our networks or content services. By way of example, two households that each receive five of our networks from their pay-TV provider represent two subscribers, but 10 cumulative subscribers. The term "viewer" is a single household that receives the signal from one of our networks using the appropriate receiving equipment without a subscription to a pay-TV provider. 
Discovery Channel reached approximately 88 million  subscribers in the U.S. and 6 million  subscribers through a licensing arrangement with partners in Canada included in the U.S. Networks segment as of December 31, 2018 . Discovery Channel reached approximately 361 million  subscribers in international markets as of December 31, 2018  including the Discovery HD Showcase brand. 
Discovery Channel is dedicated to creating the highest quality non-fiction content that informs and entertains its viewers about the world in all its wonder, diversity and amazement. The network offers a signature mix of high-end production values and vivid cinematography across genres including science and technology, exploration, adventure, history and in-depth, behind-the-scenes glimpses at the people, places and organizations that shape and share our world.
