BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
At December 31, 2018 , we had 6,899,683   4.875%  cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of $690 million . Each convertible perpetual preference share has an initial liquidation preference of $100 , which will be adjusted for any accumulated and unpaid dividends. The convertible perpetual preference shares carry an annual dividend of $4.875  per share payable quarterly. As a result of adjustments made to the initial conversion price because cash dividends paid on Bunge Limited's common shares exceeded certain specified thresholds, each convertible perpetual preference share is convertible, at the holder's option, at any time into 1.1918  Bunge Limited common shares, based on the conversion price of $83.9096  per share, subject to certain additional anti-dilution adjustments (which represents 8,223,042  Bunge Limited common shares at December 31, 2018 ). At any time, if the closing price of our common shares equals or exceeds 130%  of the conversion price for 20  trading days during any consecutive 30  trading days (including the last trading day of such period), we may elect to cause the convertible perpetual preference shares to be automatically converted into Bunge Limited common shares at the then-prevailing conversion price. The convertible perpetual preference shares are not redeemable by us at any time. 
Our cash flows from operations vary depending on, among other items, the market prices and timing of the purchase and sale of our inventories. Generally, during periods when commodity prices are rising, our Agribusiness operations require increased use of cash to support working capital to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to minimize price risk related to the purchase and sale of our inventories. 
Cash used for operating activities was $1,264 million  for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to cash used for operating activities of $1,975 million  for the year ended December 31, 2017 . Net cash outflows from operating activities was lower for the year ended December 31, 2018 , primarily due to the lower use of cash associated with beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables and higher net income during 2018, partially offset by the increased working capital requirements compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 . Cash provided by (used for) operating activities for all periods presented reflects the adoption of ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force), which changed the presentation of cash flows in relation to our trade receivables securitization program. Particularly impacted are the cash receipts from payments on the deferred purchase price, which are now classified as cash inflows from investing activities, whereas previously they were classified as inflows from operating activities.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The adoption of IoT technology continues to grow as companies across a wide range of industries are leveraging IoT technologies to increase efficiency, gain better customer insights, facilitate compliance and build new business models. IoT growth is expanding broadly, and adoption is particularly strong in the telematics and transportation industries in addition to the fields of smart communities, healthcare, utilities and energy management. We are building IoT capabilities by leveraging business models that monetize usage on our network at the connectivity, platform and solution layers. We have developed IoT solutions that address key market needs for electric and other utilities and pharmaceutical companies and others with complex supply chains. In addition, our IoT customers can turn the data that our solutions provide into actionable opportunities to develop new services and create revenue growth and manage costs. 
Fleet management and telematics.  We provide in-vehicle solutions that enable vehicle navigation, GPS tracking, engine diagnostic monitoring and maintenance alerts, driver behavior analysis and safety solutions functionality such as crash notification and roadside assistance; 
Smart Communities.  Our solutions enable localities to collect data from IoT and connected machine technologies with the goal of improving public safety, managing traffic, reducing pollution, identifying revenue generation opportunities, making efficient use of limited resources and attracting businesses, residents and workers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling. For example, we see significant opportunity to increase adoption of multiple offerings among our existing customers, including our largest enterprise customers and small businesses. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customer experience with new products, features and functionality and additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. We also seek to expand all editions of our offerings with new features, functions and increased security through our own development, acquisitions and partnerships. In addition, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to focus innovations and enhancements where our customers need it the most. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities globally. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to increase our investment in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Expanding into new categories and verticals. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories driven by our existing and potential customers’ needs, including analytics, e-commerce, collaboration, integration and workforce management, and expect to continue this type of category expansion in the future. For example, in fiscal 2022, as a result of customer input and demand, we introduced our Health & Safety Solution, or Dreampass, which helps companies safely return to work, travel, manage contact tracing, and also helps governments, healthcare providers, nonprofits, and organizations distribute vaccines around the world. We also introduced Net Zero Cloud, which helps customers analyze and report on their carbon footprint and provide actionable insights on emissions data in order to create long-term, sustainable value. In addition, to better meet the needs of our customers, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. These solutions help to expand our potential customer base and help to attract new customers.
