WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Quarterly, the Company prepares analyses to support its content amortization expense. Critical assumptions used in determining content amortization include: (i) the grouping of content with similar characteristics, (ii) the application of a quantitative revenue forecast model or viewership model based on the adequacy of historical data, (iii) determining the appropriate historical periods to utilize and the relative weighting of those historical periods in the forecast model, (iv) assessing the accuracy of the Company's forecasts and (v) incorporating secondary streams. The Company then considers the appropriate application of the quantitative assessment given forecasted content use, expected content investment and market trends. Content use and future revenues may differ from estimates based on changes in expectations related to market acceptance, network affiliate fee rates, advertising demand, the number of cable and satellite television subscribers receiving the Company’s networks, the number of subscribers to its digital services, and program usage. Accordingly, the Company continually reviews its estimates and planned usage and revises its assumptions if necessary. As part of the Company's assessment of its amortization rates, the Company compares the calculated amortization rates to those that have been utilized during the year. If the calculated rates do not deviate materially from the applied amortization rates, no adjustment is recorded. Any material adjustments from the Company’s review of the amortization rates are applied prospectively in the period of the change for assets in film groups, which represent the largest proportion of the Company's content assets. 
The result of the content amortization analysis is either an accelerated method or a straight-line amortization method over the estimated useful lives of generally two to four years . Amortization of capitalized costs for produced and coproduced content begins when a program has been aired. Amortization of capitalized costs for licensed content generally commences when the license period begins and the program is available for use. The Company allocates the cost of multi-year sports programming arrangements over the contract period of each event or season based on the estimated relative value of each event or season. Amortization of sports rights takes place when the content airs. 
Capitalized content costs are stated at the lower of cost less accumulated amortization or fair value. Content assets (produced, coproduced and licensed) are predominantly monetized as a group on the Company’s linear networks and digital content offerings. For content assets that are predominantly monetized within film groups, the Company evaluates the fair value of content in aggregate at the group level by considering expected future revenue generation typically by using a discounted cash flow analysis when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized costs. Estimates of future revenues consider historical airing patterns and future plans for airing content, including any changes in strategy. Given the significant estimates and judgments involved, actual demand or market conditions may be less favorable than those projected, requiring a write-down to fair value. Programming and development costs for programs that the Company has determined will not be produced, are fully expensed in the period the determination is made. The Company’s film groups are generally aligned along the Company’s networks and digital content offerings except for certain international territories wherein content assets are shared across the various networks in the territory and therefore, the territory is the film group. The Company’s rights to the Olympic Games are predominantly monetized on their own as the sublicensing of the rights in certain territories is a significant component of the monetization strategy. Beginning in 2020, all content rights and prepaid license fees are classified as a noncurrent asset, with the exception of content acquired with an initial license period of 12 months or less and prepaid sports rights expected to air within 12 months. (See "Accounting and Reporting Pronouncements Adopted" below and Note 6.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our NGL marketing activities utilize a fleet of approximately 480 railcars, the majority of which are leased from third parties. These railcars are used to deliver feedstocks to our facilities and to distribute NGLs throughout the U.S. and parts of Canada. We have rail loading and unloading capabilities at certain of our terminal facilities in Arizona, Kansas, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, New York, North Carolina and Texas. These facilities service both our rail shipments and those of our customers. Our NGL marketing activities also utilize a fleet of approximately 180 tractor-trailer tank trucks that are used to transport LPG for us and on behalf of third parties. We lease and operate the majority of these trucks and trailers.
Our NGL pipelines transport mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities, refineries and marine terminals to downstream fractionation plants and storage facilities; gather and distribute purity NGL products to and from fractionation plants, storage and terminal facilities, petrochemical plants, refineries and export facilities; and deliver propane and ethane to destinations along our pipeline systems.
The results of operations from our NGL pipelines are primarily dependent upon the volume of NGLs transported (or capacity reserved) and the associated fees we charge for such transportation services. Transportation fees charged to shippers are based on either tariffs regulated by governmental agencies, including the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”), or contractual arrangements. See “ Regulatory Matters ” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 for information regarding governmental regulation of our liquids pipelines.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is currently under audit by several jurisdictions in the United States and abroad. Some audits may conclude in the next 12 months, and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement amounts. It is not practical to estimate the effect, if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions in connection with the audits. The Company does not anticipate that there will be a material increase or decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
The Company files income tax returns in the United States, various state and local jurisdictions, in Canada, and in several other foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examination for years before fiscal 2018. The Company is currently subject to examination in California for fiscal years 2013 to present. 
The Company is subject to multiple examinations for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions. In certain cases, the Company has received assessments from the authorities. Possible losses or range of possible losses associated with these matters are either immaterial or an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss cannot be made at this time. If certain matters or a group of matters were to be decided adversely to the Company, it could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year.
