BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our business could also be affected in the future by the regulation or taxation of greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions or policies related to national emission reduction plans. A number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce GHG emissions including, but not limited to, the Unites States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. For example, the Biden Administration has issued a series of executive orders and regulatory initiatives focused on climate change, including rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement, pursuant to which the Administration has announced a goal of reducing U.S. GHG emissions by one-half by 2030. Our operations located in countries with effective and applicable carbon pricing and regulatory programs currently meet related existing obligations with, at this time, no significant impact on our results of operations and competitive position. We regularly assess the potential impacts to our business resulting from regulation or policies aimed at reducing GHG emissions. Potential consequences could include increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes. Although, at this time, it is not possible to estimate the likelihood of passage or predict the potential impact of any additional legislation, regulations or agreements, the effects of additional climate change regulatory initiatives could have a materially adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The scope of physical effects of climate change, including shifts in agricultural production areas and climatic volatility, is uncertain, but could in the long-term result in increased adverse incidents of weather-related events that cause disruptions to our operations and may ultimately result in stranded physical assets. We currently believe the breadth and diversification of our global asset network, as well as our participation in the global trade of agricultural commodities, will help to mitigate these risks. 
Additionally, in response to the ongoing Ukraine-Russia war, the United States, other North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") member states, as well as non-NATO member states, have announced targeted economic sanctions on Russia, certain Russian citizens, and Russian enterprises. Any continuation or escalation of the war may trigger a series of additional economic and other sanctions. On September 16, 2022, Bunge signed an agreement to sell its remaining Russian operations, primarily comprising an oilseed crushing and refining facility in Voronezh, southwest Russia, to Karen Vanetsyan. On February 3, 2023, the transaction closed in accordance with the terms of the agreement. We continued to operate our Russian oilseed crushing and refining facility in compliance with all legal requirements until the sale was completed. 
Bunge believes sustainability is critical to our business. While we have consistently incorporated environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors into Bunge’s strategy and operations, we have intensified our efforts in light of new consumer trends, risks arising from factors such as climate change, and the emerging commercial opportunities in the low carbon market. We integrate ESG factors into nearly every area of our business, from how we evaluate new growth markets, plan and develop our strategic goals, compensate our employees and operate our facilities, to how we engage with our customers, suppliers, employees, communities, shareholders and other stakeholders. We encourage Bunge leadership around the globe to embrace sustainable decision-making across our value chains built on a foundation of ethical leadership, accountability and environmental stewardship. Our key areas of growth, comprising expansion of our oilseed processing and origination capabilities, production of renewable feedstocks, increasing our plant lipids portfolio and development of new plant-based protein ingredients, are not only core to our business strategy but also a testament to the alignment of sustainability with our corporate vision.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. In July 2021, we acquired Slack, a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We plan to integrate Slack with most Salesforce offerings.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications. 
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., medical devices are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott’s medical device products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process. 
In the EU, medical devices are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which had been governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) which replaced the existing directives in the EU for medical devices and imposes additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. The MDR applies to manufacturers as of May 26, 2021 with a transition period until May 26, 2024. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the MDR.
