ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2021, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include approximately $145 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation and approximately $55 million of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years.
In 2020, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include the recognition of approximately $170 million of tax benefits associated with the impairment of certain assets, approximately $140 million of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years, and approximately $100 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation. In 2020, taxes on earnings from continuing operations also include a $26 million increase to the transition tax liability associated with the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). The $26 million increase to the transition tax liability was the result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years. This adjustment increased the cumulative net tax expense related to the TCJA to $1.53 billion. As of December 31, 2021, the remaining balance of Abbott’s transition tax obligation is approximately $794 million, which will be paid over the next five years as allowed by the TCJA. Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, in 2020 reflect the recognition of $24 million of net tax benefits primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years. In 2019, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included approximately $100 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation, an $86 million reduction of the transition tax and $68 million of tax expense resulting from tax legislation enacted in the fourth quarter of 2019 in India. The $86 million reduction to the transition tax liability was the result of the issuance of final transition tax regulations by the U.S. Department of Treasury in 2019.
Exclusive of these discrete items, tax expense was favorably impacted by lower tax rates and tax exemptions on foreign income primarily derived from operations in Puerto Rico, Switzerland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Costa Rica, Singapore, and Malta. Abbott benefits from a combination of favorable statutory tax rules, tax rulings, grants, and exemptions in these tax jurisdictions. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a full reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We have operating and finance leases for manufacturing and distribution facilities, vehicles, equipment and office space. Our leases have remaining lease terms of 1 to 10 years , some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 6 years . We assume the majority of our termination options will not be exercised when determining the lease term of our leases. We do not include significant restrictions or covenants in our lease agreements, and residual value guarantees are generally not included within our operating leases, with the exception of some fleet leases. Some of our leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on usage or output or may vary for other reasons, such as product costs, insurance and tax payments. These variable payment leases are not included in our recorded lease assets and liabilities and are expensed as incurred. Certain leases are tied to a variable index or rate and are included in our lease assets and liabilities based on the indices or rates as of lease commencement. 
Non-amortizable intangible assets consist principally of brand names purchased through our acquisitions of Nabisco Holdings Corp., the Spanish and Portuguese operations of United Biscuits, the global LU biscuit business of Groupe Danone S.A. and Cadbury Limited. Amortizable intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks, customer-related intangibles, process technology, licenses and non-compete agreements. 
Amortization expense for intangible assets was $ 174 million in 2019 , $ 176 million in 2018 and $ 178 million in 2017 . For the next five years, we estimate annual amortization expense of approximately $ 175 million next year, approximately $ 90 million in year two and approximately $ 85 million in years three to five, reflecting December 31, 2019 exchange rates.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company provides for the daily replenishment of major bank accounts as payments are presented. Included in accounts payable at the end of 2021 and 2020, are $ 999 and $ 810 , respectively, representing the excess of outstanding payments over cash on deposit at the banks on which the payments were drawn. 
Short-term investments generally consist of debt securities (U.S. Government and Agency Notes), with maturities at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. These available-for-sale investments have a low level of inherent credit risk given they are issued by the U.S. Government and Agencies. Changes in their fair value are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis. 
The Company periodically evaluates unrealized losses in its investment securities for credit impairment, using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. In the event a security is deemed to be impaired as the result of a credit loss, the Company recognizes the loss in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income.
