SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 1.103 was applied to convert Tableau's outstanding equity awards for Tableau's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. The provisional measurements of fair value for income taxes payable and deferred taxes set forth above may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the estimated fair value of Tableau's data analysis technologies. Customer relationships represent the estimated fair values of the underlying relationships with Tableau customers.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
$ 211   $ 179   $ ( 206 ) Net income (loss) $ 265   $ 164   $ ( 226 ) Series A convertible preferred stock dividends ( 37 ) ( 43 ) ( 28 ) Net income (loss) available to common shareholders $ 228   $ 121   $ ( 254 ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic 
— — ( 5 ) — — — ( 5 ) Series A convertible preferred stock dividends — — — ( 28 ) — — ( 28 ) Changes in retirement benefit obligations, net of income tax 
— — ( 14 ) — — — ( 14 ) Series A convertible preferred stock dividends — — — ( 43 ) — — ( 43 ) Changes in retirement benefit obligations, net of income tax

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Under the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $ 46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an Abbott stock price of $ 39.36 , which reflects the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $ 81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total purchase consideration of $ 23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $ 2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.
In 2016, Abbott and St. Jude Medical agreed to sell certain businesses to Terumo Corporation (Terumo) for approximately $ 1.12 billion. The sale included the St. Jude Medical Angio-Seal™ and Femoseal™ vascular closure and Abbott’s Vado ® Steerable Sheath businesses. The sale closed on January 20, 2017 and no gain or loss was recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
On October 3, 2017, Abbott acquired Alere, a diagnostic device and service provider, for $ 51.00 per common share in cash, which equated to a purchase price of approximately $ 4.5 billion. As part of the acquisition, Abbott tendered for Alere’s preferred shares for a total value of approximately $ 0.7 billion. In addition, approximately $ 3.0 billion of Alere’s debt was assumed and subsequently repaid. The acquisition establishes Abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expands Abbott’s global diagnostics presence and provides access to new products, channels and geographies. Abbott utilized a combination of cash on hand and debt to fund the acquisition. See Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit for further details regarding the debt utilized for the acquisition.
