BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our research and development activities are focused on developing products and improving processes that will drive growth or otherwise add value to our core business operations. In our Refined and Specialty Oils and Milling businesses, we have 15 research and development centers globally to support product development and enhancement. Additionally, Bunge Ventures, our corporate venture capital unit, invests in start-ups and other early stage companies that are developing new technologies relevant to our industries. 
We own trademarks, patents and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However, neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark, patent or license. 
In our Agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year, since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres and we sell and distribute products throughout the year. However, the first quarter of the year has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the North and South American oilseed harvests, as the North American harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, and the South American harvest peaks in the second quarter. Our North and South American grain merchandising and oilseed processing activities are, therefore, generally at lower levels during the first quarter.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In the Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other markets, competition remains high, primarily as a result of increased industry focus on technology convergence. We compete in this area with system integrators, carriers, and hardware and software providers. In addition, some of the largest information technology services companies are making strategic acquisitions, divesting non-strategic assets and forging new alliances to improve their cost structure. Many new alliances and acquisitions have focused on emerging fields, such as cloud computing, software defined network, communication applications and other computing tasks via networks, rather than by the use of in-house machines. 
In the Small and Medium Business market, customer purchasing behaviors and preferences continue to evolve. Solution speed and simplicity with user interfaces that have a consumer-like "look and feel" are becoming key differentiators for customers who are seeking full life-cycle offers that simplify the process of starting, running and growing their businesses. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. 
Our Wholesale business competes with traditional carriers for long-haul, voice and IP services. In addition, mobile video and data needs are driving a greater need for wireless backhaul. Network providers, cable companies and niche players are competitors for this business opportunity.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Datorama was approximately $ 766 million, which consisted of $ 136 million of cash, $ 537 million of common stock issued and $ 93 million of fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 202 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one to eight years . The Company recorded approximately $ 586 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating Datorama’s technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income taxes purposes. 
In May 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MuleSoft, which provides a platform for building application networks that connect enterprise apps, data and devices, across any cloud and on-premise solution. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MuleSoft was approximately $ 6.4 billion, which consisted of $ 4.9 billion of cash, $ 1.2 billion of common stock issued and $ 387 million of fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 1.3 billion for acquired intangible assets, which primarily consisted of $ 1.0 billion for customer relationships and $ 224 million for developed technology, with an estimated useful life ranging from one to eight years . Developed technology represents the fair value of MuleSoft's Anypoint technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with MuleSoft customers. The Company recorded approximately $ 4.8 billion of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating MuleSoft's Anypoint technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
