SALESFORCE INC report:
Corporate Governance: We are committed to a corporate governance structure that promotes long-term stockholder value creation by providing a leadership structure and composition of the Board of Directors that is aligned with our strategic direction and providing our stockholders with both the opportunity to provide direct feedback and key substantive rights to ensure accountability. Governance is foundational to our ESG programs and we work actively with our Board of Directors on our initiatives. For example, our Audit and Finance Committee oversees cybersecurity matters and meets regularly with our Chief Trust Officer, and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees our ESG programs as set forth in its charter. The Privacy and Ethical Use Committee, comprised of independent directors, also oversees our privacy matters and meets regularly with our Office of Ethical and Humane Use of Technology. 
Our annual proxy statement, available on the Investor Relations website, https://investor.salesforce.com, or www.sec.gov, provides additional details on our corporate governance practices, including our board composition. 
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers, additional headcount in foreign countries and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Japanese Yen against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Permian Basin Gathering System offers wellhead-to-market services to producers in eleven counties in West Texas, as well as two counties in New Mexico which surround the Waha Hub, one of Texas’s developing NGL-rich natural gas market areas. As a result of the proximity of our system to the Waha Hub, the Waha Gathering System has a variety of market outlets for the natural gas that we gather and process, including several major interstate and intrastate pipelines serving California, the midcontinent region of the United States and Texas natural gas markets. The NGL market outlets includes Lone Star’s liquids pipelines. The Permian Basin Gathering System includes eleven processing facilities (Waha, Coyanosa, Red Bluff, Halley, Jal, Keyston, Tippet, Orla, Panther, Rebel and Arrowhead) with an aggregate processing capacity of 2.02  Bcf/d and one natural gas conditioning facility with aggregate capacity of 200 MMcf/d . 
We own a 50%  membership interest in Mi Vida JV, a joint venture which owns a 200 MMcf/d  cryogenic processing plant in West Texas. We operate the plant and related facilities on behalf of Mi Vida JV. 
We own a 50%  membership interest in Ranch JV, which processes natural gas delivered from the NGL-rich Bone Spring and Avalon Shale formations in West Texas. The joint venture owns a 25 MMcf/d  refrigeration plant and a 125 MMcf/d  cryogenic processing plant.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income increased $317 million (17.9%), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, higher net pricing, lower Simplify to Grow Program costs, lower manufacturing costs (productivity and lower incremental COVID-19 related costs), favorable currency, lapping prior-year intangible asset impairment charges, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses and the impact of an acquisition. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, the impact from pension participation changes and acquisition integration costs incurred in 2021. 
Net revenues increased $235 million (2.4%), due to favorable volume/mix (2.8 pp), partially offset by lower net pricing (0.3 pp) and unfavorable currency (0.1 pp). Favorable volume/mix due to overall higher volume was tempered by the net impact from the COVID-19 outbreak, as overall increased food purchases for in-home consumption were partially offset by a negative volume impact on our world travel retail and foodservice businesses due to lockdowns and other restrictions. Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains in chocolate, cheese & grocery, biscuits and refreshment beverages, partially offset by declines in candy and gum. Lower net pricing was driven by biscuits and chocolate, partially offset by higher net pricing in cheese & grocery, candy, gum and refreshment beverages. Unfavorable currency impacts reflected the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies in the region, including the Russian ruble, Turkish lira, Norwegian krone and Ukrainian hryvnia, mostly offset by the strength of several currencies in the region relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro, British pound sterling, Swedish krona and Swiss franc. 
Segment operating income increased $43 million (2.5%), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, lower net pricing, higher intangible asset impairment charges, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses and unfavorable currency.
