BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Energy Derivatives —We use derivative instruments for various purposes including to manage our exposure to volatility in energy costs, and our exposure to market prices related to the sale of biofuels. Our operations use substantial amounts of energy, including natural gas, coal and fuel oil, including bunker fuel. Changes in the fair values of energy derivatives are recorded in Cost of goods sold. 
Other Derivatives —We may also enter into other derivatives, including credit default swaps and equity derivatives, to manage our exposure to credit risk and broader macroeconomic risks, respectively. The impact of changes in fair value of these instruments is presented in Cost of goods sold. 
Our financial statements and related schedule required by this item are contained on pages F-1 through F-60 and on page E-1 included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 15(a) for a listing of financial statements provided.

SALESFORCE INC report:
or range of possible losses in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of non-monetary remedies, with respect to the contingencies it faces, and the Company’s estimates may not prove to be accurate. 
In management’s opinion, resolution of all current matters, including all those described below, is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute or other contingency, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could materially affect the Company’s current or future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter. 
In July and August 2017, two substantially similar securities class action complaints were filed against Tableau and two of its now former executive officers. The first complaint was filed in the U.S. District for the Southern District of New York (the “Scheufele Action”). The second complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington and was voluntarily dismissed on October 17, 2017. In December 2017, the lead plaintiff in the Scheufele Action filed an amended complaint, which alleged that between February 5, 2015 and February 4, 2016, Tableau and certain of its executive officers violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, in connection with statements regarding Tableau’s business and operations by allegedly failing to disclose, among other things, that product launches and software upgrades by competitors were negatively impacting Tableau’s competitive position and profitability. The amended complaint sought unspecified damages, interest, attorneys’ fees and other costs. In February 2018, the lead plaintiff filed a second amended complaint (the "SAC"), which contains substantially similar allegations as the amended complaint, and added as defendants two more of Tableau’s now former executive officers and directors. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the SAC in March 2018, which was denied in February 2019. Defendants filed an answer to the SAC in March 2019, and subsequently amended their answer in April 2019. On January 15, 2020, the court granted lead plaintiff’s motion for class certification. The parties have completed fact and expert discovery. On October 1, 2020, the Court entered an order staying the deadline for summary judgment motions to allow the parties to complete additional discovery. The court has not yet set a trial date. On March 10, 2021, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the litigation in its entirety. The parties are negotiating an agreement reflecting the specific terms of settlement.

BOEING CO report:
Significant adjustments during the three years ended December 31, 2018 included reach-forward losses of $ 736 , $ 445 and $ 1,127 on the USAF KC-46A Tanker contract recorded during 2018, 2017 and 2016. 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. 
Payments under long-term contracts may be received before or after revenue is recognized. The U.S. government customer typically withholds payment of a small portion of the contract price until contract completion. Therefore, long-term contracts typically generate Unbilled receivables (contract assets) but may generate Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities). Long-term contract Unbilled receivables and Advances and progress billings are not considered a significant financing component because they are intended to protect either the customer or the Company in the event that some or all of the obligations under the contract are not completed.
