ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Segment Adjusted EBITDA.   For the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our crude oil transportation and services segment increased  due to the net impacts of the following: 
an increase of $1.07 billion  in segment margin (excluding unrealized losses on commodity risk management activities) primarily due to the following: a $586 million  increase resulting from placing the Bakken pipeline in service in the second quarter of 2017; a $266 million  increase resulting from higher throughput on our Texas crude pipeline system primarily due to increased production from Permian producers; and a $189 million  increase (excluding a net change of $54 million  in unrealized losses on commodity risk management activities) from our crude oil acquisition and marketing business primarily resulting from improved basis differentials between the Permian and Bakken producing regions to our Nederland terminal on the Texas gulf coast; and a $28 million  increase primarily from higher throughput and ship loading fees at our Nederland terminal; and 
an increase of $117 million  in operating expenses primarily due to a $67 million  increase to throughput related costs on existing assets; a $36 million  increase resulting from placing the Bakken pipeline in service in the second quarter of 2017; a $26 million  increase resulting from the addition of certain joint venture transportation assets in the second quarter of 2017; and a $5 million  increase from ad valorem taxes; partially offset by an $17 million  decrease in insurance and environmental related expenses; and

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Investments in entities or other securities in which the Company has no control or significant influence, is not the primary beneficiary, and have a readily determinable fair value are recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are classified as equity securities or equity investments with readily determinable fair value. For equity securities with readily determinable fair value, realized gains and losses are recorded in other (expense) income, net. (See Note 4.) 
The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of most of the Company’s international subsidiaries is the local currency. Assets and liabilities, including inter-company balances for which settlement is anticipated in the foreseeable future, denominated in foreign currencies are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Foreign currency equity balances are translated at historical rates. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated at average exchange rates for the respective periods. Foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. 
Transactions denominated in currencies other than subsidiaries’ functional currencies are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in the consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses based upon period-end exchange rates. The Company also records realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other (expense) income, net , and totaled a loss of $ 93 million , a loss of $ 83 million , and a gain of $ 75 million  for 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our provision for income taxes includes amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effects of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of our assets and liabilities, operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years in which those differences are expected to reverse. 
The realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. When assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider any carryback potential, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (including liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits), future taxable income and tax planning strategies. 
We recognize tax benefits in our financial statements from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. The amount we recognize is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon resolution. Future changes related to the expected resolution of uncertain tax positions could affect tax expense in the period when the change occurs.
