MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Demand – We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. While gum and candy category growth was down due to less on-the-go consumption, the overall snack category continued to grow in 2020, in part due to increased consumer demand for snacks purchases for in-home consumption during the COVID-19 outbreak. As part of our strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets and improving our availability across multiple channels. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. 
Long-Term Demographics and Consumer Trends – Snack food consumption is highly correlated to GDP growth, urbanization of populations and rising discretionary income levels associated with a growing middle class, particularly in emerging markets. Our recent research underscores the growth of snacking worldwide and how behavior, sentiment and routines surrounding food are being reshaped by COVID-19. Snacking, which was already increasing among consumers, has accelerated further in 2020 as consumers spend more time at home, according to the second annual State of Snacking report, commissioned by Mondelēz International and issued in November 2020. The report was conducted in conjunction with consumer poll specialist The Harris Poll and summarizes the findings from interviews with thousands of consumers across 12 countries. The report shows that consumers see snacking as an important source of comfort, connection and community, especially during the past year. For many, snacking offers moments of satisfaction and peace, with a majority of respondents noting it has helped distract them from a challenging year. 
Volatility of Global Markets – Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in emerging markets. Some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. As further discussed in COVID-19 above and in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, volatility in global consumer, commodity, currency and capital markets increased significantly during 2020 and is expected to continue until the COVID-19 outbreak is largely resolved. See also below for a discussion of Brexit as well as Argentina, which was designated a highly inflationary economy in 2018. In addition, the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities and potential changes in U.S. trade programs, trade relations, regulations, taxes or fiscal policies might negatively affect our sales or profitability. To help mitigate adverse effects of ongoing volatility across markets, we aim to protect profitability through the management of costs (including hedging) and pricing as well as targeted investments in our brands and new routes to market.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
Established Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition, Abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Duphalac™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
During fiscal year 2017, the Company completed four secondary offerings of its common stock held primarily by investment funds associated with or designated by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC (“CD&R”) and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., L.P. (“KKR” and, together with CD&R, the “Former Sponsors”). Following the completion of the final offering in December 2017, the Former Sponsors no longer held any shares of the Company’s common stock. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the offerings. The December 2017 offering also included the Company’s repurchase of 10,000,000  shares of common stock from the underwriter at $28.00  per share, which was the price the underwriter purchased the shares from the Former Sponsors in the offering. The $280 million  paid for the share repurchase reduced additional paid-in capital $96 million , with the remaining $184 million  recognized in retained earnings as a constructive dividend. 
The closing of the Company’s share repurchase occurred substantially concurrently with the closing of the offering, and the repurchased shares were retired. In accordance with terms of the prior registration rights agreement with the Former Sponsors, the Company incurred approximately $5 million  of expenses in connection with the offerings, approximately $1 million  of which was incurred in 2016. Underwriting discounts and commissions were paid by the selling stockholders. 
KKR Capital Markets LLC (“KKR Capital Markets”), an affiliate of KKR, received a de minimis fee for services rendered in connection with the February 2017 amendment of the Term Loan Facility. Additionally, KKR Capital Markets received underwriter discounts and commissions of $5 million  in connection with the Company’s IPO, and $1 million  for services rendered in connection with the Company's June 2016 debt refinancing transactions.
