MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The Governance, Membership and Public Affairs Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our sustainable snacking and mindful snacking strategies. Our goals are part of our strategic planning process, and therefore, progress and key activities are regularly reported to the Board of Directors and the business leadership teams. Climate change, CO 2 emissions, energy, well-being and other sustainability matters are key focus areas in our strategy. 
We have been recognized for our ongoing economic, environmental and social contributions. Each year since we created Mondelēz International in 2012 we have been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (“DJSI”) – World and North American Indices. The DJSI selects the top 10% of global companies and top 20% of North American companies based on an extensive review of financial and sustainability programs within each industry. We are at the 97th percentile of our industry according to the latest DJSI report. 
We own numerous trademarks and patents in many countries around the world. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are renewable for fixed terms. We also have patents for a number of current and potential products. Our patents cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Our Natural Resources operations primarily involve the management and leasing of coal properties and the subsequent collection of royalties. We also earn revenues from other land management activities, such as selling standing timber, leasing fee-based coal-related infrastructure facilities to certain lessees and end-user industrial plants, collecting oil and gas royalties and from coal transportation, or wheelage fees. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or controlled approximately 733 million tons of proven and probable coal reserves in central and northern Appalachia, properties in eastern Kentucky, southwestern Virginia and southern West Virginia, and in the Illinois Basin, properties in southern Illinois, Indiana, and western Kentucky and as the operator of end-user coal handling facilities. 
We believe we have engaged, and will continue to engage, in a well-balanced plan for growth through strategic acquisitions, internally generated expansion, measures aimed at increasing the profitability of our existing assets and executing cost control measures where appropriate to manage our operations. 
We intend to continue to operate as a diversified, growth-oriented limited partnership. We believe that by pursuing independent operating and growth strategies we will be best positioned to achieve our objectives. We balance our desire for growth with our goal of preserving a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and investment grade credit metrics.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Content purchase obligations include commitments and liabilities associated with third-party producers and sports associations for content that airs on our television networks. Production contracts generally require: purchase of a specified number of episodes; payments over the term of the license; and include both programs that have been delivered and are available for airing and programs that have not yet been produced or sporting events that have not yet taken place. If the content is ultimately never produced, our commitments expire without obligation. The commitments disclosed above exclude content liabilities recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. We expect to enter into additional production contracts and content licenses to meet our future content needs. 
Other purchase obligations include agreements with certain vendors and suppliers for the purchase of goods and services whereby the underlying agreements are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms. Significant purchase obligations include transmission services, television rating services, marketing research, employment contracts, equipment purchases, and information technology and other services. We have contracts that do not require the purchase of fixed or minimum quantities and generally may be terminated with a 30-day to 60-day advance notice without penalty, and are not included in the table above past the 30-day to 60-day advance notice period. Amounts related to employment contracts include base compensation and do not include compensation contingent on future events. 
We have granted put rights to certain consolidated subsidiaries, which have been excluded from the table above since we are unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of any payment. We recorded the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest in the equity associated with the put rights as a component of redeemable noncontrolling interest in the amount of $383 million. (See Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
