ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $211 million in operating expenses primarily due to a $182 million increase from recently acquired assets, a $17 million increase in employee and other direct expenses, and a $10 million increase in maintenance project costs; and 
• an increase of $36 million in other primarily due to the realization in the current period of certain amounts related to a shipper bankruptcy that occurred in a prior period; partially offset by 
• an increase of $309 million in operating expenses primarily due to $210 million in incremental operating expenses from recent acquisitions, a $52 million increase from pricing increases in labor, materials and utilities, a $16 million increase in project-related costs and environmental remediation, and a $20 million increase in employee costs and allocated expenses;

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In July 2018, the FERC issued a final rule to address the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on cost-of-service rates for jurisdictional natural gas pipelines. The final rule primarily impacts interstate pipelines regulated under the NGA. With respect to intrastate pipelines regulated by the FERC under the NGPA, the rule requires an intrastate pipeline with rates on file with a state regulatory agency to file with the FERC a new rate election for its interstate rates if the state rates are reduced to reflect the reduced income tax rates adopted in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As of the date of this report, we have not been required to refile the rates for our intrastate systems as a result of this rule.
We believe that the transportation rates currently charged and the services performed by our natural gas pipelines are all in accordance with the applicable requirements of the NGPA and FERC regulations. However, we cannot predict the rates we will be allowed to charge in the future for transportation services by our pipelines.
The resale of natural gas in interstate commerce is subject to FERC oversight. In order to increase transparency in natural gas markets, the FERC has established rules requiring the annual reporting of data regarding natural gas sales. The FERC has also established regulations that prohibit manipulation of energy markets. A violation of the FERC’s regulations may subject us to civil penalties, suspension or loss of authorization to perform services or make sales of natural gas, disgorgement of unjust profits or other appropriate non-monetary remedies imposed by the FERC. Pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the potential civil and criminal penalties for any violation of the NGPA, or any rules, regulations or orders of the FERC, were $1.2 million per day per violation as of January 2018. The Federal Trade Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) have also issued rules and regulations prohibiting energy market manipulation. We believe that our natural gas sales activities are in compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company is party to various lawsuits and claims in the ordinary course of business. However, a determination as to the amount of the accrual required for such contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty and the impact of the final resolution of these matters on the Company's results of operations in a particular subsequent reporting period is not known, management does not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, future results of operations or liquidity. 
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. This section provides additional information regarding our businesses, current developments, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, contractual commitments and critical accounting policies. 
A discussion of our results of operations and liquidity for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 , filed on March 1, 2019, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and our Investor Relations website at ir.corporate.discovery.com.
