UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
In May 2020, the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) sent us an information request related to hazardous waste regulatory compliance at certain of our facilities. The EPA indicated that it was investigating potential recordkeeping violations of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act at those facilities. We have settled this matter with the payment of an immaterial amount. 
We are a party in various other matters that arose in the normal course of business. We do not believe that the eventual resolution of these other matters (either individually or in the aggregate), including any reasonably possible losses in excess of current accruals, will have a material impact on our operations or financial condition. 
We recognize a right-of-use ("ROU") asset and lease obligation for all leases. Some of our leases contain both lease and non-lease components, which we have elected to treat as a single lease component. We have also elected not to recognize leases that have an original lease term, including reasonably certain renewal or purchase options, of twelve months or less in our consolidated balance sheets for all classes of underlying assets. Lease costs for short-term leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We elected the package of transition practical expedients for existing contracts, which allowed us to carry forward our historical assessments of whether contracts are, or contain, leases, lease classification and determination of initial direct costs.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company sells and otherwise provides proprietary shop cards that do not expire and are redeemable at the warehouse or online for merchandise or membership. Revenue from shop cards is recognized upon redemption, and estimated breakage is recognized based on redemption data. The Company accounts for outstanding shop card balances as a shop card liability, net of estimated breakage. 
Citibank, N.A. (“Citi”) became the exclusive issuer of co-branded credit cards to U.S. members in June 2016. The Company receives various forms of consideration, including a royalty on purchases made on the card outside of Costco, a portion of which, after giving rise to estimated breakage, is used to fund the rebate that cardholders receive. The rebates are issued in February and expire on December 31. Breakage is estimated based on redemption data. 
Merchandise costs consist of the purchase price or manufacturing costs of inventory sold, inbound and outbound shipping charges and all costs related to the Company’s depot, fulfillment and manufacturing operations, including freight from depots to selling warehouses, and are reduced by vendor consideration. Merchandise costs also include salaries, benefits, depreciation, and utilities in fresh foods and certain ancillary departments.
