ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Long-lived assets on a geographic basis primarily include property and equipment. It excludes goodwill, intangible assets, deferred tax assets, and financial instruments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, long-lived assets totaled $ 14.2 billion and $ 13.1 billion, respectively, and in the United States such assets totaled $ 7.7 billion and $ 6.8 billion, respectively. Long-lived asset balances associated with other countries were not material on an individual country basis in either of the two years. 
On February 8, 2023, Abbott entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSI). CSI sells an atherectomy system used in treating peripheral and coronary artery disease. The acquisition, which is expected to add complementary technologies to Abbott’s portfolio of vascular device offerings, is subject to the approval of CSI shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including applicable regulatory approvals. Under the terms of the agreement, Abbott will pay $ 20 per common share at a total expected equity value of approximately $ 890 million. The acquisition is expected to be funded with cash on hand. 
The management of Abbott Laboratories is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Abbott’s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company’s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company evaluates and tests the recoverability of its goodwill for impairment at least annually during its fourth quarter of each fiscal year or more often if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. 
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. 
During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the Company is within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company’s consolidated statement of operations.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and Other International operating segments (see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report). Certain operations in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack an e-commerce business. 
In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. This impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period. 
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2021, 2020, and 2019 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 29, 2021, August 30, 2020, and September 1, 2019, respectively. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco.
