ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Substantially all of our consolidated revenues are earned in the U.S. and derived from a wide customer base. Our largest non-affiliated customer for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 was Vitol Holding B.V. and its affiliates (collectively, “Vitol”), which accounted for 10.1%, 7.8% and 11.2%, respectively, of our consolidated revenues. Vitol is a global energy and commodity trading company.
The following sections provide an overview of our business segments, including information regarding principal products produced and/or services rendered and properties owned. Our operations are reported under four business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services, (ii) Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, (iii) Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and (iv) Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed according to the types of services rendered (or technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold.
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our related marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of gross operating margin, a non-generally accepted accounting principle (“non-GAAP”) financial measure, for the partnership. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Includes a basis difference of approximately $ 340 million as of December 31, 2018 and $ 360 million as of December 31, 2017 between the U.S. GAAP accounting basis for our equity method investments and the U.S. GAAP accounting basis of our investees’ equity. 
On May 6, 2014, our Board of Directors approved a $ 3.5 billion 2014-2018 restructuring program and up to $ 2.2 billion of capital expenditures. On August 31, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a $ 600 million reallocation between restructuring program cash costs and capital expenditures so the $ 5.7 billion program consisted of approximately $ 4.1 billion of restructuring program costs ( $ 3.1 billion cash costs and $ 1.0 billion non-cash costs) and up to $ 1.6 billion of capital expenditures. On September 6, 2018, our Board of Directors approved an extension of the restructuring program through 2022, an increase of $ 1.3 billion in the program charges and an increase of $ 700 million in capital expenditures. The total $ 7.7 billion program now consists of $ 5.4 billion of program charges ( $ 4.1 billion of cash costs and $ 1.3 billion of non-cash costs) and total capital expenditures of $ 2.3 billion to be incurred over the life of the program. The restructuring program, as increased and extended by these actions, is now called the Simplify to Grow Program. 
The primary objective of the Simplify to Grow Program is to reduce our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. The program covers severance as well as asset disposals and other manufacturing and procurement-related one-time costs. Since inception, we have incurred total restructuring and related implementation charges of $ 3.9 billion related to the Simplify to Grow Program. We expect to incur the program charges by year-end 2022.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We have developed what we believe to be a comprehensive process designed to identify, assess and manage HSE risks in our operations. We set targets for performance improvements and regularly measure, audit and report on our performance both internally and in accordance with applicable laws. We also expect our contractors to manage HSE matters in line with our policies and strive to maintain an open dialogue with our stakeholders to better align our policies with the priorities within the communities where we operate. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented our business continuity and emergency response plans in alignment with mandates from local authorities. To ensure the safety of our employees, we have provided instructions and regular updates on how to work safely in the COVID-19 environment, including protective wear and additional training for our employees working in our on-site fueling and trucking operations. We also maximized remote work throughout our global offices and expanded our employee assistance programs to provide additional mental health and other forms of support to our employees and their families to assist in coping with the stressors brought on by the pandemic. 
We place a high degree of focus on growth in position and career enhancement paths for our employees by providing professional development opportunities and cultivating a diverse talent pool. In this regard, we are committed to working on increasing transparency around our talent recruitment, development and retention efforts, as well as our diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. We have developed a set of commitments for our business, including initiatives aimed at increasing the representation of minorities and military veterans throughout our organization, as well as the representation of women in senior management. These initiatives include providing unconscious bias training to our managers, mandating diverse interview panels in our recruiting process and actively participating in veteran programs that provide employment opportunities and educational support to military veterans and their families.
