ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
A number of our pipelines, including the Mid-America Pipeline System, Seminole NGL Pipeline, Chaparral NGL Pipeline, Shin Oak NGL Pipeline, Texas Express Pipeline and Front Range Pipeline, serve Permian Basin and/or Rocky Mountain producers. On a combined basis, gross operating margin from these pipelines increased a net $65.8 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average transportation fees, which accounted for a $64.9 million increase, and lower operating costs, which accounted for an additional $36.4 million increase, partially offset by lower transportation volumes of 101 MBPD (net to our interest), which accounted for a $25.9 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from LPG-related activities at EHT increased $62.7 million year-to-year primarily due to higher export volumes of 105 MBPD. The increase in export volumes is attributable to an LPG expansion project at EHT that was completed in the third quarter of 2019. Gross operating margin from our Houston Ship Channel Pipeline System increased $21.5 million year-to-year primarily due to an 86 MBPD increase in transportation volumes. Gross operating margin at our Morgan’s Point Ethane Export Terminal increased $8.6 million year-to-year primarily due to lower operating costs. Export volumes from our Morgan’s Point Ethane Export Terminal decreased 9 MBPD year-to-year.
Gross operating margin from our Aegis Pipeline increased a net $27.3 million year-to-year primarily due to a 107 MBPD increase in transportation volumes associated with contract commitments, which accounted for a $43.0 million increase, partially offset by higher operating costs, which accounted for a $9.5 million decrease.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In July 2020, an employee filed an action under PAGA on behalf of all California non-exempt employees alleging violations of California Labor Code provisions regarding meal and rest periods, minimum wage, overtime, wage statements, reimbursement of expenses, and payment of wages at termination. Schwab v. Costco Wholesale Corporation (Case No. 37-2020-00023551-CU-OE-CTL; San Diego County Superior Court). In August 2020, the Company filed a motion to strike portions of the complaint, which was denied, and an answer has been filed denying the material allegations of the complaint. 
In December 2020, a former employee filed suit against the Company asserting collective and class claims on behalf of non-exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act and New York Labor Law for failure to pay for all hours worked on a weekly basis and failure to provide proper wage statements and notices. The plaintiff also asserts individual retaliation claims. Cappadora v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 1:20-cv-06067; E.D.N.Y.). An amended complaint was filed, and the Company has denied the material allegations of the amended complaint. In August 2021, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting collective and class claims on behalf of non-exempt employees under the FLSA and New York law. Umadat v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:21-cv-4814; E.D.N.Y.). The Company has not yet responded to the complaint. 
In February 2021, a former employee filed a class action against the Company alleging violations of California Labor Code regarding payment of wages, meal and rest periods, wage statements, reimbursement of expenses, payment of final wages to terminated employees, and for unfair business practices. Edwards v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 5:21-cv-00716: C.D. Cal.). In May 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which was granted with leave to amend. In June 2021, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint, which the Company moved to dismiss later that month. The court granted the motion in part in July 2021 with leave to amend. In August 2021, the plaintiff filed a second amended complaint and filed a separate representative action under PAGA asserting the same Labor Code claims and seeking civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The Company has filed an answer to the second amended class action complaint denying the material allegations.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Distribution revenue consists principally of fees from affiliates for distributing our linear networks, supplemented by revenue earned from SVOD content licensing and other emerging forms of digital distribution. The largest component of distribution revenue is comprised of linear distribution services for rights to our networks from cable, DTH satellite and telecommunication service providers. We have contracts with distributors representing most cable and satellite service providers around the world, including the largest operators in the U.S. and major international distributors. Distribution revenues are largely dependent on the rates negotiated in the agreements, the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, the number of platforms covered in the distribution agreement, and the market demand for the content that we provide. From time to time, renewals of multi-year carriage agreements include significant year one market adjustments to re-set subscriber rates, which then increase at rates lower than the initial increase in the following years. In some cases, we have provided distributors launch incentives, in the form of cash payments or free periods, to carry our networks. Distribution revenue also includes fees charged for bulk content arrangements and other subscription services for episodic content. These digital distribution revenues are impacted by the quantity, as well as the quality, of the content we provide. 
Distribution revenue increase d 7% for the year ended December 31, 2019 . Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increase d 9% . On a pro forma combined basis excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increase d 5% . On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the increase was primarily a result of an increase of 5% at both U.S. Networks and International Networks. Increases at U.S. Networks were attributable to increases in contractual affiliate rates and additional carriage on virtual multichannel video programming distributors, partially offset by a decline in overall subscribers. Increases at International Networks were primarily attributable to the impact of certain content licensing arrangements in our Latin America business unit, higher affiliate rates in Europe and monetization of DTC initiatives in Europe and Asia. 
We also generate other revenue associated with content production from our production studio. Prior to the sale of the Education Business in April 2018, we generated other revenue from curriculum-based products and services, the licensing of our brands for consumer products and third-party content sales.
