MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We review long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for realizability on an ongoing basis. Changes in depreciation, generally accelerated depreciation, are determined and recorded when estimates of the remaining 
useful lives or residual values of long-term assets change. We also review for impairment when conditions exist that indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. In those circumstances, we perform undiscounted operating cash flow analyses to determine if an impairment exists. When testing for asset impairment, we group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable. Any impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its estimated fair value. Fair value is estimated based on the discounted cash flows for the asset group over the remaining useful life or based on the expected cash proceeds for the asset less costs of disposal. Any significant impairment losses would be recorded within asset impairment and exit costs in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
We determine whether a contract is or contains a lease at contract inception. On January 1, 2019, we began to record operating leases on our consolidated balance sheet. We elected not to recognize right-of-use ("ROU") assets and lease liabilities for short-term operating leases with terms of 12 months or less. Long-term operating lease ROU assets and long-term operating lease liabilities are presented separately and operating lease liabilities payable in the next twelve months are recorded in other current liabilities. Finance lease ROU assets continue to be presented in property, plant and equipment and the related finance lease liabilities continue to be presented in the current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• The Inkster terminal, located near Detroit, Michigan, consists of multiple salt caverns with a total storage capacity of approximately 860 MBbls of NGLs. We use the Inkster terminal’s storage in connection with the Toledo North pipeline system and for the storage of NGLs from local producers and a refinery in Western Ohio. The terminal can receive and ship by pipeline in both directions and has a truck loading and unloading rack. 
• The Eastern region refined products pipelines consist of 6-inch to 16-inch diameters refined product pipelines in Eastern, Central and North Central Pennsylvania, 8-inch refined products pipeline in western New York and various diameters refined products pipeline in New Jersey (including 80 miles of the 16-inch diameter Harbor Pipeline). 
• The JC Nolan Pipeline is a joint venture between a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunoco LP, which transports diesel fuel from a tank farm in Hebert, Texas to Midland, Texas, and has a throughput capacity of approximately 36 MBbls/d.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company estimated its future stock price volatility considering both its observed option-implied volatilities and its historical volatility calculations. Management believes this is the best estimate of the expected volatility over the expected life of its stock options and stock purchase rights. 
The estimated life for the stock options was based on an analysis of historical exercise activity. The risk-free interest rate is based on the rate for a U.S. government security with the same estimated life at the time of the option grant and the stock purchase rights. 
The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option pricing model.
