ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
There is considerable discussion over climate change and the environmental effects of greenhouse gas emissions and their associated consequences on global climate, oceans and ecosystems. As a commercial enterprise, we are not in a position to validate or repudiate the existence of global warming or various aspects of the scientific discussion. However, if global warming is occurring, it could have a long-term impact on our operations. For example, our facilities that are located in low lying areas such as the coastal regions of Louisiana and Texas may be at increased risk due to flooding, rising sea levels, or disruption of operations from more frequent and severe weather events. Facilities in areas with limited water availability may be impacted if droughts become more frequent or severe. Changes in climate or weather may hinder exploration and production activities or increase the cost of production of oil and gas resources and consequently affect the volume of hydrocarbon products entering our system. Changes in climate or weather may also affect consumer demand for energy or alter the overall energy mix.
In response to scientific studies suggesting that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases, including gases associated with oil and natural gas production such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide among others, may be contributing to a warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other adverse environmental effects, various governmental authorities have considered or taken actions to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. For example, the EPA has taken action under the CAA to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, certain states (individually or in regional cooperation), including states in which some of our facilities or operations are located, have taken or proposed measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Also, the U.S. Congress from time to time has proposed legislative measures for imposing restrictions or requiring emissions fees for greenhouse gases.
Actions have also taken place at the international level, with the U.S. being involved. Various policies and approaches, including establishing a cap on emissions, requiring efficiency measures, or providing incentives for pollution reduction, use of renewable energy, or use of replacement fuels with lower carbon content are under discussion and have and may continue to result in additional actions involving greenhouse gases.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our 2017 effective tax rate of 21.3 % was favorably impacted by the mix of pre-tax income in various non-U.S. tax jurisdictions and net tax benefits from $ 97 million of discrete one-time events, partially offset by an increase in domestic earnings as compared to the prior year. The discrete net tax benefits included the provisional net impact from U.S. tax reform discussed previously, favorable audit settlements and statutes of limitations in various jurisdictions, and the net reduction of our French and Belgian deferred tax liabilities resulting from tax legislation enacted during 2017 that reduced the corporate income tax rates in each country, partially offset by the addition of a valuation allowance in one of our Chinese entities. 
Our 2016 effective tax rate of 7.8 % was favorably impacted by the mix of pre-tax income in various non-U.S. tax jurisdictions and net tax benefits from $ 161 million of discrete one-time events. The discrete net tax benefits related to favorable audit settlements and statutes of limitations in various jurisdictions and the net reduction of our U.K. and French deferred tax liabilities resulting from tax legislation enacted during 2016 that reduced the corporate income tax rates in each country. 
Our significant valuation allowances are in the U.S., China and Mexico. The U.S. valuation allowance relates to excess foreign tax credits generated by the deemed repatriation under U.S. tax reform. The valuation allowance in China results from a change in judgment in 2017 as to the realizability of one of our Chinese entity’s deferred tax

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Although the delivery of linear feeds and digital DTC products, such as video-on-demand (“VOD”) and authenticated TVE applications, are considered distinct performance obligations within a distribution arrangement, on demand offerings generally match the programs that are airing on the linear network. Therefore, the Company recognizes revenue for licensing arrangements as the license fee is earned and based on continuous delivery for fixed fee contracts. 
License fees from the sublicensing of sports rights are recognized when the rights become available for airing. Revenue from production studios is recognized when the content is delivered and available for airing by the customer. Royalties from brand licensing arrangements are earned as products are sold by the licensee. Affiliate and ad sales representation services are recognized as services are provided. 
Contracts with customers may include multiple distinct performance obligations. Advertising contracts may include sponsorship, production, or product integration in addition to the airing of spots and/or the satisfaction of an audience guarantee. For such contracts, the contract value is allocated to individual performance obligations and recorded as revenue when each performance obligation has been satisfied and value has been transferred to the customer. Distribution contracts also include multiple performance obligations. The Company also enters into certain distribution contracts that include promises to deliver content libraries. There are generally two types of such arrangements: 1) content licensing arrangements that include subscription video on demand (“SVOD”) licensing arrangements and 2) digital DTC content (such as VOD and authenticated TVE applications), which is a performance obligation within the Company's linear distribution arrangements. These contracts vary by customer and in certain instances include a promise by the Company to deliver existing content and new content. For SVOD arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on that performance obligation's relative standalone selling price. In the case of VOD and digital DTC content, content is regularly refreshed over the term of the agreement, as new titles are added and older titles are removed. Consequently, satisfaction of the performance obligations generally occurs in the same pattern as the delivery of the linear feed.
