BOEING CO report:
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP which we supplement with certain non-GAAP financial information. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share exclude the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. The FAS/ 
CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Core earnings per share excludes both the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment and non-operating pension and postretirement expenses. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with GAAP are allocated to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. 
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustments recognized in Loss from operations were benefits of $882 million in 2021, $1,024 million in 2020 and $1,071 million in 2019. The lower benefits in 2021 were primarily due to reductions in allocated pension cost year over year. The non-operating pension expense included in Other income, net was a benefit of $528 million in 2021, $340 million in 2020 and $374 million in 2019. The higher benefits in 2021 were primarily due to lower interest cost and higher expected return on plan assets, partially offset by higher amortization of actuarial losses and higher settlement charges. The benefits in 2020 and 2019 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company leases land and/or buildings at warehouses and certain other office and distribution facilities. Leases generally contain one or more of the following options, which the Company can exercise at the end of the initial term: (a) renew the lease for a defined number of years at the then-fair market rental rate or rate stipulated in the lease agreement; (b) purchase the property at the then-fair market value; or (c) a right of first refusal in the event of a third-party offer. 
Some leases include free-rent periods and step-rent provisions, which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for periodic rent increases based on price indices or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales volume. Our leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
The Company determines at inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. The Company initially records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease obligations for its finance and operating leases based on the discounted future minimum lease payments over the term. The lease term is defined as the noncancelable period of the lease plus any options to extend when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. As the rate implicit in the Company's leases is not easily determinable, the present value of the sum of the lease payments is calculated using the Company's incremental borrowing rate. The rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest the Company would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. The Company uses quoted interest rates from financial institutions to derive the incremental borrowing rate. Impairment of ROU assets is evaluated in a similar manner as described in Property and Equipment, net above.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Underwriting losses in 2022 and 2021 primarily related to our annual reserve review using established industry and actuarial best practices. The annual review resulted in unfavorable reserve reestimates totaling $118 million and $111 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The reserve reestimates are included as part of claims and claims expense. 
Reserve reestimates in 2022 primarily related to new reported information and defense costs for asbestos and higher than expected reported losses for environmental and other run-off exposures. Reserve reestimates in 2021 primarily related to new reported information for asbestos and environmental and higher than expected reported losses for environmental and other run-off exposures. 
We believe that our reserves are appropriately established based on available facts, laws, regulations, and assessments of other pertinent factors and characteristics of exposure (e.g., claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by individual policyholders, assuming no change in the legal, legislative or economic environment. However, as we progress with the resolution of disputed claims in the courts and arbitrations and with negotiations and settlements, our reported losses may be more variable.
