BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
When determining our exposure, we exclude intercompany loans that are deemed to be permanently invested. Repayments of permanently invested intercompany loans are neither planned nor anticipated in the foreseeable future and are therefore treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result, foreign exchange gains and losses on these borrowings are excluded from the determination of Net income and recorded as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets. Included in Other comprehensive income (loss) are foreign currency gains of $1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and foreign currency losses of $74 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to permanently invested intercompany loans. 
We have debt in fixed and floating rate instruments. We are exposed to market risk due to changes in interest rates, including inflationary pressures. We may enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our interest rate exposure related to our debt portfolio. 
A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the interest yields on our fixed rate debt and related interest rate swaps at December 31, 2022 would result in a decrease of approximately $9 million in the fair value of our debt and interest rate swaps. Similarly, a decrease of 100 basis points in the interest yields on our fixed rate debt and interest rate swaps at December 31, 2022 would cause a decrease of approximately $5 million in the fair value of our debt and interest rate swaps.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In this report we have made forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or followed by the words "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "hopes" or similar expressions. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the SEC, could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
an adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing;

SALESFORCE INC report:
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. 
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of family, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate and ensure the trust and customer success of our customers. 
We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies (2022 and for the eighth year in a row), Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work (2021 and for the 13th year in a row), Human Rights Campaign Best Places to Work For LGBTQ Equality (2022), and Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work in Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States (2022).
