BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our financial statements and related schedule required by this item are contained on pages F-1 through F-62 and on page E-1 included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 15(a) for a listing of financial statements provided.Ocean Freight Derivatives —We use derivative instruments referred to as freight forward agreements, or FFAs, and FFA options to hedge portions of our current and anticipated ocean freight costs. Changes in the fair values of ocean freight derivatives are recorded in Cost of goods sold. 
Energy Derivatives —We use derivative instruments for various purposes including to manage our exposure to volatility in energy costs, and our exposure to market prices related to the sale of biofuels. Our operations use substantial amounts of energy, including natural gas, coal and fuel oil, including bunker fuel. Changes in the fair values of energy derivatives are recorded in Cost of goods sold. 
Other Derivatives —We may also enter into other derivatives, including credit default swaps and equity derivatives, to manage our exposure to credit risk and broader macroeconomic risks, respectively. The impact of changes in fair value of these instruments is presented in Cost of goods sold.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Reinsurance and indemnification recoverables include an estimate of the amount of insurance claims and claims expense reserves that are ceded under the terms of the agreements, including incurred but not reported unpaid losses. We calculate our ceded reinsurance and indemnification estimates based on the terms of each applicable agreement, including an estimate of how IBNR losses will ultimately be ceded under the agreement. We also consider other limitations and coverage exclusions under our agreements. Accordingly, our estimate of recoverables is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as our estimate of reserves claims and claims expense. We believe the recoverables are appropriately established; however, as our underlying reserves continue to develop, the amount ultimately recoverable may vary from amounts currently recorded. We regularly evaluate the reinsurers and the respective amounts of our reinsurance recoverables, and a provision for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables is recorded, if needed. The establishment of reinsurance recoverables and the related allowance for uncollectible reinsurance is also an inherently uncertain process involving estimates. Changes in estimates 
Indemnification recoverables are considered collectible based on the industry pool and facility enabling legislation and the Company has not had any credit losses related to these programs. We also have not experienced credit losses on our catastrophe reinsurance programs. The allowance for uncollectible reinsurance relates to other reinsurance programs primarily related to our Discontinued Lines and Coverages segment. This allowance was $65 million and $70 million as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively, which represents  11.8% and 12.0% of the related reinsurance recoverable balances as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively. The allowance is based upon our ongoing review of amounts outstanding, length of collection periods, changes in reinsurer credit standing, and other relevant factors. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, we may become involved in coverage disputes with certain of our reinsurers that may ultimately result in lawsuits and arbitrations brought by or against such reinsurers to determine the parties’ 
rights and obligations under the various reinsurance agreements. We employ dedicated specialists to manage reinsurance collections and disputes. We also consider recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedents, and recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedents and reinsurers in seeking to maximize our reinsurance recoveries.

BOEING CO report:
For long-term contracts for which revenue is recognized over time, changes in estimated revenues, cost of sales and the related effect on operating income are recognized using a cumulative catch-up adjustment which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a long-term contract’s percentage-of-completion. When the current estimates of total revenues and costs at completion for a long-term contract indicate a loss, a provision for the entire reach-forward loss on the long-term contract is recognized. 
The table below reflects the impact of net cumulative catch-up adjustments for changes in estimated revenues and costs at completion across all long-term contracts including the impact to Loss from operations from increases in estimated losses on unexercised options for the years ended December 31: 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process, changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, internal and supplier performance, inflationary trends, or other circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods.
