SALESFORCE INC report:
In June 2020, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Vlocity, Inc. ("Vlocity"), a leading provider of industry-specific cloud and mobile software. The transaction costs associated with its acquisition were immaterial. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Vlocity was approximately $ 1.4 billion, which primarily consisted of $ 1.2 billion of cash paid and $ 208 million of fair value related to the pre-existing relationship. The Company recorded $ 473 million of intangible assets related to customer relationships and developed technology with useful life of four to eight years . Developed technology represents the fair value of Vlocity’s industry-specific cloud and mobile software. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with Vlocity customers. The Company recorded $ 1.0 billion of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. 
The Company assumed unvested options with a fair value of $ 139 million. Of the total consideration, $ 6 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 133 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
The Company had a noncontrolling equity investment in Vlocity valued at $ 167 million prior to the acquisition. The Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 41 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in Vlocity held before the business combination. The gain is included in gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statements of operations.

BOEING CO report:
Commercial aircraft contracts The majority of our BCA segment revenue is derived from commercial aircraft contracts. For each contract, we determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received. We allocate the transaction price to each commercial aircraft performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices adjusted by an escalation formula as specified in the customer agreement. Revenue is recognized for each commercial aircraft performance obligation at the point in time when the aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. We use program accounting to determine the amount reported as cost of sales. 
In certain situations, where an aircraft is still in our possession, and title and risk of loss has passed to the customer (known as a bill-and-hold arrangement), revenue will be recognized when all specific requirements for transfer of control under a bill-and-hold arrangement have been met. 
Payments for commercial aircraft sales are received in accordance with the customer agreement, which generally includes a deposit upon order and additional payments in accordance with a payment schedule, with the balance being due immediately prior to or at aircraft delivery. Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities) are normal and customary for commercial aircraft contracts and not considered a significant financing component as they are intended to protect us from the other party failing to adequately complete some or all of its obligations under the contract.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We manage the interest rate risk in our assets relative to the interest rate risk in our liabilities and our assessment of overall economic and capital risk. One of the measures used to quantify this exposure is duration. The difference in the duration of our assets relative to our liabilities is our duration gap. To calculate the duration gap between assets and liabilities, we project asset and liability cash flows and calculate their net present value using a risk-free market interest rate adjusted for credit quality, sector attributes, liquidity and other specific risks. Duration is calculated by revaluing these cash flows at alternative interest rates and determining the percentage change in aggregate fair value. The cash flows used in this calculation include the expected maturity and repricing characteristics of our derivative financial instruments, all other financial instruments, and certain other items including, unearned premiums, claims and claims expense reserves, annuity liabilities and other interest-sensitive liabilities. 
The projections include assumptions (based upon historical market experience and our experience) that reflect the effect of changing interest rates on the prepayment, lapse, leverage and/or option features of instruments, where applicable. The preceding assumptions relate primarily to callable municipal and corporate bonds, fixed rate single and flexible premium deferred annuities, mortgage-backed securities and municipal housing bonds. Additionally, the calculations include assumptions regarding the renewal of property and casualty products. 
As of December 31, 2019 , the difference between our asset and liability duration was a (1.48) gap compared to a (1.16) gap as of December 31, 2018 . The calculation excludes traditional and interest-sensitive life insurance and accident and health insurance products that are not considered financial instruments. A negative duration gap indicates that the fair value of our liabilities is more sensitive to interest rate movements than the fair value of our assets, while a positive duration gap indicates that the fair value of our assets is more sensitive to interest rate movements than the fair value of our liabilities. Due to the relatively short duration of our property and casualty liabilities, primarily related to auto and homeowners claims, the investments generally maintain a positive duration gap between assets and liabilities. In contrast, for our annuity products the duration gap may be positive or negative as the assets and liabilities vary based on the characteristics of the products in-force and investing activity. As of December 31, 2019 , property and casualty products had a positive duration gap while annuity products had a negative duration gap.
