WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Upon adoption of 2017-12 for those derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges, the Company changed the method by which it assesses their effectiveness from the forward-method to the spot-method. The entire change in the fair value of the derivatives is initially recorded in the currency translation adjustment component of other comprehensive income (loss) . While the change in fair value attributable to hedge effectiveness remains in accumulated other comprehensive loss  until the net investment is sold or liquidated, the change in fair value attributable to components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (e.g., forward points, cross currency basis, etc.) is reflected as a component of interest expense, net in the current period. 
For those derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments, including offsetting changes in fair value of the hedged items and amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recorded in other (expense) income, net . 
The Company may also enter into derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting. These contracts are intended to mitigate economic exposures of the Company. The changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges and the ineffective portion of derivatives designated as hedging instruments are immediately recorded in other (expense) income, net .

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted to employees generally vest over five years and allow for quarterly vesting of the pro-rata number of stock-based awards that would vest on the next anniversary of the grant date in the event of retirement or voluntary termination. Actual forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
Compensation expense for stock-based awards is predominantly recognized using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. Awards for employees and non-employee directors provide for accelerated vesting based on cumulative years of service with the Company. Compensation expense for the accelerated shares is recognized upon achievement of the long-service term. The cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized at any point in time equals at least the portion of the grant-date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. The fair value of RSUs is calculated as the market value of the common stock on the measurement date less the present value of the expected dividends forgone during the vesting period. 
Stock-based compensation expense is predominantly included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Certain stock-based compensation costs are capitalized or included in the cost of merchandise. See Note 7 for additional information on the Company’s stock-based compensation plans.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2019, we completed the conversion of the Midland-to-Sealy segment of one of our two Seminole NGL pipelines from NGL service to crude oil service, thus creating the Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline. The pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 444 miles to our Sealy terminal, with crude oil volumes arriving at Sealy transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline. The Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline, which was placed into limited service in February 2019 and full service in April 2019, provides us with up to 225 MBPD of incremental crude oil transportation capacity. We retain the flexibility to convert this pipeline back to NGL service should future market conditions support the need for additional NGL transportation capacity out of the Permian Basin.
In July 2019, we announced an expansion of our Midland-to-ECHO System that we refer to as the “Midland-to-ECHO 3” pipeline, which is comprised of a 36-inch pipeline we are currently constructing from Midland, Texas to our ECHO terminal and further to a third-party terminal in Webster, Texas (“Midland-to-Webster”). We expect the Midland-to-ECHO segment of Midland-to-Webster to be placed into service during the third quarter of 2020, with the ECHO-to-Webster segment following in the fourth quarter of 2020. Prior to completion of the ECHO-to-Webster segment, our transportation capacity will be 200 MBPD. Once Midland-to-Webster is placed into full commercial service, our transportation capacity is expected to increase to approximately 450 MBPD. We proportionately consolidate our 29% undivided interest in Midland-to-Webster.
In October 2019, we announced plans to construct a fourth pipeline (the “Midland-to-ECHO 4” pipeline) that will connect our Midland terminal with our ECHO terminal in Houston, Texas by utilizing existing segments of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System along with new construction. The Midland-to-ECHO 4 pipeline is expected to be completed and placed into service during the second quarter of 2021 and have an initial transportation capacity of 450 MBPD (expandable up to 540 MBPD).
