SALESFORCE INC report:
cash flow may also be impacted by acquisitions. For example, operating cash flows may be adversely impacted by acquisitions due to transaction costs, financing costs such as interest expense and lower operating cash flows from the acquired entity. 
Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as revenue and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts. Our current remaining performance obligation represents future revenue under contract that is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next 12 months. 
Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in new business growth. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance obligation are typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increase if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining performance obligation attributable to a particular subscription agreement is often associated with an impending renewal but may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. Changes in contract duration or the timing of delivery of professional services can impact remaining performance obligation as well as the allocation between current and non-current remaining performance obligation.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In March 2020, the FCC's incentive auction, Auction 103, for spectrum licenses in the upper 37 GHz, 39 GHz, and 47 GHz bands concluded. Verizon participated in this incentive auction and was the high bidder on 4,940 licenses, which primarily consisted of 37 GHz and, to a lesser extent, 39 GHz spectrum. As an incumbent licensee, our 39 GHz licenses provided us with incentive payments that were applied towards the purchase price of spectrum in the auction. The value of the licenses won by Verizon amounted to $ 3.4 billion, of which $ 1.8 billion was settled with the relinquished 39 GHz licenses. The remaining balance was settled in cash of $ 1.6 billion, of which $ 101 million was paid in December 2019. In connection with the incentive auction, a pre-tax net loss of $ 1.2 billion ($ 914 million after-tax) was recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of income during 2020 because the exchange of the previously held licenses for new licenses had commercial substance. See Note 4 for additional information. The new reconfigured licenses were received in the second quarter 2020 and are included in Wireless licenses in our consolidated balance sheet. The average remaining renewal period for these acquired licenses was 9.9 years. 
The fair value of the licenses represents a Level 2 measurement as defined in Accounting Standards Codification 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, and was determined based on the final auction price for each defined geographical area. 
In September 2020, the FCC completed Auction 105 for Priority Access Licenses. Verizon participated in the auction and was the high bidder on 557 licenses in the 3.5 GHz band. We submitted an application to the FCC and paid a cash deposit of approximately $ 1.9 billion for the licenses. Deposits required to participate in these auctions and purchase licenses are recorded within Other assets in our consolidated balance sheet until the corresponding licenses are received, and within Net cash used in investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The timing of when the licenses will be issued will be determined by the FCC after all payments have been made.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Asbestos Congress has repeatedly considered legislation to address asbestos claims and litigation in the past. We cannot predict the impact on our business of possible future legislative measures regarding asbestos. 
Environmental Environmental pollution and clean-up of polluted waste sites is the subject of federal and state regulation. The Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (the “Superfund”) and comparable state statutes (the “mini-Superfunds”) govern the clean-up and restoration of waste sites by Potentially Responsible Parties (“PRPs”). The Superfund and the mini-Superfunds (collectively, the “Environmental Clean-up Laws” or “ECLs”) establish a mechanism to assign liability to PRPs or to fund the clean-up of waste sites if PRPs fail to do so. The extent of liability to be allocated to a PRP depends on a variety of factors. The insurance industry is involved in extensive litigation regarding coverage issues arising out of the clean-up of waste sites by insured PRPs and the insured parties’ alleged liability to third parties responsible for the clean-up. The insurance industry, including Allstate, has disputed and is disputing many such claims. Key coverage issues include whether the 
Superfund response, investigation, and clean-up costs are considered damages under the policies; whether coverage has been triggered; whether any pollution exclusion applies; whether there has been proper notice of claims; whether administrative liability triggers the duty to defend; whether there is an appropriate allocation of liability among potentially responsible insurers; and whether the liability in question falls within the definition of an “occurrence.” Identical coverage issues exist for clean-up and waste sites not covered under the Superfund. To date, courts have been inconsistent in their rulings on these issues.
