SALESFORCE INC report:
Encouraging the development of third-party applications on our cloud computing platform.  The Lightning Platform enables customers, ISVs and third-party developers to create and deliver cloud-based apps. It is a platform on which apps can be created, tested, published and run. In addition, these apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange or sold directly by software vendors. We believe our ecosystem of developers and software vendors will help address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
In addition to the key elements of our growth strategy described above, from time to time, we evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights. These evaluations resulted in our acquisition of several companies in fiscal 2019, including MuleSoft, Inc. ("MuleSoft") and Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama") which expanded our integration and marketing capabilities. 
We deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable, cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. We also offer integration capabilities in the cloud, as well as on-premises, to provide our customers more options to integrate their data. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We enter into treasury rate locks to mitigate our interest rate risk. During 2020, we entered into and settled treasury rate locks with a total notional value of $ 1.6 billion, and we recognized an insignificant pre-tax gain in Interest expense. 
During 2019, we entered into treasury rate locks with a total notional value of $ 1.5 billion to hedge the tender offers conducted in May 2019 for fifteen series of notes issued by Verizon with coupon rates ranging from 4.672 % to 5.012 % and maturity dates ranging from 2054 to 2055 (May Tender offers). In addition, we entered into treasury rate locks with a total notional value of $ 1.5 billion to hedge the tender offers conducted in November and December 2019 for eleven and twenty series of notes and debentures, respectively, issued by Verizon and other subsidiaries with coupon rates ranging from 3.850 % to 8.950 % and maturity dates ranging from 2021 to 2055 (November and December Tender offers). Upon the early settlement of the May, November and December Tender Offers, we settled these hedges and recognized an insignificant gain in Other income (expense), net. 
Financial instruments that subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of temporary cash investments, short-term and long-term investments, trade receivables, including device payment plan agreement receivables, certain notes receivable, including lease receivables, and derivative contracts.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Telematics-based insurance program, available in 49 states and the District of Columbia as of December 31, 2018, that uses a mobile application or an in-car device to capture driving behaviors and encourage safe driving. It provides customers with information and tools, incentives and driving challenges. For example, in most states, Allstate Rewards ® provides reward points for safe driving. 
In the U.S., we offer products through 10,700 Allstate exclusive agencies operating in 10,600 locations, supported by 26,900 licensed sales professionals, and 1,100 exclusive financial specialists. We also offer products through 2,700 independent agencies that are primarily in rural areas and through contact centers and online. In Canada, we offer Allstate brand products through 900 employee producers. 
Allstate exclusive agencies also support the Service Businesses, Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits segments through offering roadside assistance and protection plans, life insurance and voluntary benefits products.
