MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income decreased $69 million ( 16.8% ), primarily due to higher raw material costs, unfavorable currency, unfavorable volume/mix, the lapping of the 2018 benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian indirect tax matter of $26 million, higher manufacturing costs and higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (including lapping the benefit from a VAT-related settlement in 2018 and the expense of a VAT-related settlement in 2019). These unfavorable items were partially offset by higher net pricing, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, favorable change in remeasurement on net monetary position in Argentina (remeasurement gain in 2019 as compared to a remeasurement loss in 2018) and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. 
Net revenues decreased $364 million ( 10.2% ), due to unfavorable currency (13.8 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (2.6 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (6.2 pp). Unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Argentinean peso, Brazilian real and Mexican peso. Unfavorable volume/mix was due primarily to the impact of pricing-related elasticity, as well as in part due to the negative impact of the Brazil trucking strike that occurred in the second quarter. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in all categories except biscuits. Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Mexico and Brazil. 
Segment operating income decreased $154 million ( 27.3% ), primarily due to lapping last year's benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian indirect tax matter of $153 million, higher raw material costs, unfavorable currency, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of the benefit from a VAT-related settlement in 2018), unfavorable volume/mix and a loss from the remeasurement of the net monetary position in Argentina. These unfavorable items were partially offset by higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs, the 2018 benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian tax matter of $26 million, lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and the lapping of the 2017 intangible asset impairment charges.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Our operations along the Gulf Coast, including those at our Chambers County complex, may be affected by weather events such as hurricanes and tropical storms, which generally arise during the summer and fall months.
 • Residential demand for natural gas typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs and during the summer months for power generation for air conditioning. These seasonal trends affect throughput volumes on our natural gas pipelines and associated natural gas storage levels and marketing results.
 • Residential demand for propane typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs in rural areas. These seasonal trends can affect throughput volumes on our TE Products Pipeline, Dixie Pipeline and Mid-America Pipeline System and associated terminals.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our aviation segment has benefited from growth in our fuel and related services offerings, as well as our enhanced logistics capabilities and the geographic expansion of our aviation fueling operations into additional international airport locations. As part of our growth strategy, we have also increased the level of inventory that we hold in order to meet the needs of our customers. While we generally enter into financial derivative contracts to mitigate price risk exposure associated with our inventory, depending on market pricing dynamics, we may experience negative impacts on our results, particularly in a market pricing environment experiencing severe backwardation, such as in the first half of 2022, where oil futures forward prices traded at significantly lower levels than the current market price. Our results of operations in our aviation segment have also been significantly affected in recent years by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the withdrawal of the troops from Afghanistan by the U.S. and NATO that concluded in the third quarter of 2021. However, the relaxation of global travel restrictions has contributed to a substantial recovery in global aviation volumes as compared to pre-pandemic levels. 
We believe our land segment is well-positioned to continue growing market share, both organically and through leveraging the capabilities of our acquisitions, including Flyers which we acquired in January 2022, serving to further enhance our business to deliver value-added solutions to our land fuel customers. See Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
We have also expanded our product and service offerings to include energy advisory services, sustainability solutions, as well as supply fulfillment for natural gas and power. We continue to focus on supporting the energy transition through various initiatives and expanding our sustainability offerings, including renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management
