ALLSTATE CORP report:
Increased investments in marketing and technology — Investments in marketing the Allstate brand will be increased by reallocating Esurance spending. New technology ecosystems are being built to support increased connectivity, new products and operational adaptability. 
This plan is focused on the customer experience, providing a circle of protection through people and technology along with increased connectivity, combined with distribution, product, and technology enhancements. 
We are expanding protection businesses utilizing enterprise capabilities and resources such as distribution, analytics, claims, investment expertise, talent and capital. Using innovative growth platforms (such as telematics and identity protection) and broad distribution including Allstate exclusive agencies, contact centers, online, retailers, workplace benefits brokers, auto dealers, original equipment manufacturers and telecom providers further enhance our customer value proposition.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers’ needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. As a result of customer feedback, in fiscal 2023 we developed Genie, which allows our customers to ingest, transform, harmonize, unify and visualize data across all of our industry solutions in real time. 
Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
contracts with customers such that incremental costs of obtaining and direct costs of fulfilling contracts with customers are deferred and amortized consistent with the transfer of the related good or service. 
We also earn revenues that are not accounted for under Topic 606 from leasing arrangements (such as those for towers and equipment), captive reinsurance arrangements primarily related to wireless device insurance and the interest on equipment financed under a device payment plan agreement when sold to the customer by an authorized agent. 
We offer wireless services through a variety of plans on a postpaid or prepaid basis. For wireless service, we recognize revenue using an output method, either as the service allowance units are used or as time elapses, because it reflects the pattern by which we satisfy our performance obligation through the transfer of service to the customer. Monthly service is generally billed in advance, which results in a contract liability. See Note 2 for additional information. For postpaid plans, where monthly usage exceeds the allowance, the overage usage represents options held by the customer for incremental services and the usage-based fee is recognized when the customer exercises the option (typically on a month-to-month basis).
