SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.109592 was applied to convert ClickSoftware's outstanding equity awards for ClickSoftware's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company's common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of ClickSoftware's field service management technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with ClickSoftware customers.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Product differentiation. As a result of pricing pressures, providers need to differentiate their products and services. Customers are shifting their focus from access to applications and are seeking ways to leverage their broadband and video connections. Converged features, such as integrated wireless and wireline functionality, are becoming similarly important, driven by both customer demand and technological advancement. 
Innovation. The delivery of new and innovative products and services has been accelerating. To compete effectively, providers need to continuously review, improve and refine their product portfolio and customer service experience and develop and rapidly deploy new products and services tailored to the needs of customers. 
In the Consumer Markets business, cable operators are significant competitors. Cable operators have increased the size and capacity of their networks in order to deliver digital products and services. We continue to market competitive bundled offerings that include Fios Internet, TV, and voice services and we have introduced market offers targeted to our Verizon Wireless customers. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
regulation and supervision by the SEC, FINRA and/or, in some cases, state securities administrators. Certain state and federal regulators, such as the SEC, are considering implementation of best interest standards. Such proposals, if effective, could impact products provided by Allstate agencies and Allstate’s broker-dealers, their sales processes, volumes, and producer compensation arrangements. 
Dodd-Frank: Covered Agreement.   The Secretary of the Treasury (operating through FIO) and the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative (“USTR”) are jointly authorized, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank, to negotiate Covered Agreements . A Covered Agreement is a bilateral or multilateral agreement that “relates to the recognition of prudential measures with respect to the business of insurance or reinsurance that achieves a level of protection for insurance or reinsurance consumers that is substantially equivalent to the level of protection achieved under State insurance or reinsurance regulation.” 
On September 22, 2017, the U.S. and European Union (“EU”) signed a Covered Agreement. In addition to signing the Covered Agreement, Treasury and the USTR jointly issued a policy statement clarifying how the U.S. views implementation of certain provisions of the Covered Agreement. The policy statement affirms the U.S. system of insurance regulation, including the role of state insurance regulators as the primary supervisors of the business of insurance and addresses several other key provisions of the Covered Agreement for which constituents sought clarity, including prospective application to reinsurance agreements and an affirmation that the Covered Agreement does not require development of a group capital standard or group capital requirement in the U.S.
