SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company typically invoices its customers annually. Typical payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. 
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts or ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Training revenues are recognized as the services are performed. 
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our mills are supplied with sugarcane grown on approximately 325,000  hectares of land. This land represents approximately 9,000  hectares of land that we own, 234,000  hectares of land that we manage under agricultural partnership arrangements and 82,000  hectares of land farmed by third-party farmers. In 2018, approximately 71%  of our total milled sugarcane came from our owned or managed plantations and 29%  was purchased from third-party suppliers. Payments under 
the agricultural partnership agreements and third-party supply contracts are based on a formula, which factors in the volume of sugarcane per hectare, sucrose content of the sugarcane and market prices for sugarcane, which are set by Consecana, the state of São Paulo sugarcane, sugar and ethanol council. 
Our sugarcane planting and harvesting processes are substantially mechanized. Mechanized harvesting does not require burning of the cane prior to harvesting, significantly reducing the environmental impact when compared to manual harvesting, and resulting in improved soil conditions.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS — Internal research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Clinical trial costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the contracted work is performed. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development arrangements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the milestone results are achieved.
ACQUIRED IN-PROCESS AND COLLABORATIONS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (IPR&D) — The initial costs of rights to IPR&D projects obtained in an asset acquisition are expensed as IPR&D unless the project has an alternative future use. These costs include initial payments incurred prior to regulatory approval in connection with research and development collaboration agreements that provide rights to develop, manufacture, market and/or sell pharmaceutical or medical device products. The fair value of IPR&D projects acquired in a business combination are capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets until completed and are then amortized over the remaining useful life. Collaborations are not significant.
CONCENTRATION OF RISK AND GUARANTEES — Due to the nature of its operations, Abbott is not subject to significant concentration risks relating to customers, products or geographic locations. Product warranties are not significant.
