COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is a defendant in an action under the California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA) alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 for failing to provide seating to member service assistants who act as greeters in the Company’s California warehouses. Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.  ( Case No. 5:13-CV-03598; N.D. Cal.; filed July 1, 2013). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. The action has been remanded to state court. 
In January 2019, an employee brought similar claims for relief concerning Costco employees engaged at member services counters in California.   Rodriguez v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. RG19001310; Alameda Superior Court). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In December 2018, a depot employee raised similar claims, alleging that depot employees in California did not receive suitable seating or appropriate workplace temperature conditions. Lane v. Costco Wholesale Corp.   (Dec. 6, 2018 Notice to California Labor and Workforce Development Agency). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In October 2019, the parties reached an agreement to settle the seating claims on a representative basis, which received court approval in February 2020. 
In January 2019, a former seasonal employee filed a class action, alleging failure to provide California seasonal employees meal and rest breaks, proper wage statements, and appropriate wages. Jadan v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-CV-340438; Santa Clara Superior Court). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. In October 2019, the parties reached an agreement on a class settlement, which received preliminary court approval in July 2020.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Other Crude Oil pipelines include the Mid-Valley pipeline system which originates in Longview, Texas and passes through Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky and Ohio and terminates in Samaria, Michigan. This pipeline provides crude oil to a number of refineries, primarily in the Midwest United States. 
 In addition, we own a crude oil pipeline that runs from Marysville, Michigan to Toledo, Ohio, and a truck injection point for local production at Marysville. This pipeline receives crude oil from the Enbridge pipeline system for delivery to refineries located in Toledo, Ohio and to MPLX’s Samaria, Michigan tank farm, which supplies its Marathon Petroleum Corporation’s refinery in Detroit, Michigan. 
We also own and operate crude oil pipeline and gathering systems in Oklahoma and Kansas. We have the ability to deliver substantially all of the crude oil gathered on our Oklahoma and Kansas systems to Cushing. We are one of the largest purchasers of crude oil from producers in the area, and our crude oil acquisition and marketing activities business is the primary shipper on our Oklahoma crude oil system.

SALESFORCE INC report:
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the determination of the fair value of customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets. This included controls over management’s development of the above described assumptions used in the valuation models applied. 
To test the estimated fair value of the customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions used in the valuation model, including validating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the assumptions and estimates. We performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the assets that would result from changes in the assumptions and compared the more sensitive significant assumptions used by management to current industry and competitor data and the Company’s own historical results. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management’s estimates for previous acquisitions. In addition, we involved a valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and the significant assumptions underlying the fair value estimates. 
We have audited salesforce.com, inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, salesforce.com, inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2020, based on the COSO criteria.
