ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In December 2014, Seaway submitted an application requesting market-based rate setting authority. Certain parties filed protests to the application. In September 2015, the FERC issued an order setting the matter for hearing. In December 2016, an administrative law judge issued an initial decision in the market-based rate proceeding (“2016 Initial Decision”) finding that the FERC should grant Seaway’s application for market-based rates. In May 2018, the FERC issued an order affirming the initial decision’s finding that Seaway lacks market power in the applicable markets, thereby granting Seaway market-based rate authority.
In March 2018, the FERC issued a Revised Policy Statement on the Treatment of Income Taxes (the “Revised Policy”). The Revised Policy reversed a 13-year old policy that permitted a pipeline owned by a master limited partnership (“MLP”) to recover an income tax allowance (“ITA”) in its cost-of-service rates, if it could demonstrate that the ultimate owners of the pipeline (i.e., the unitholders of the MLP) have an actual or potential income tax liability. In July 2018, the FERC, in an Order on Rehearing, decided to provide pipeline MLPs the opportunity to argue for inclusion of an ITA in cost-of-service rates on a case-by-case basis, as opposed to having no opportunity to recover an ITA. The D.C. Circuit upheld the Revised Policy and Order on Rehearing to a MLP pipeline on July 31, 2020 following court challenges initiated in September 2018.
The Revised Policy and Order on Rehearing do not impact oil and liquids pipelines with market-based rate authority, or those that charge “settlement rates,” and have no immediate effect on crude oil and liquid pipelines with rates set using the indexing methodology, given that the current index will remain in effect through June 30, 2021. Following issuance of the Revised Policy, the FERC now requires crude oil and liquids pipelines owned by MLPs to remove the ITA from their cost-of-service reporting in FERC Form No. 6. In its final rule issued December 17, 2020, the FERC removed any effect of the change in ITA treatment in determining the index for rates that will take effect on July 1, 2021.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Segment Adjusted EBITDA.   For the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our crude oil transportation and services segment increased  due to the net impacts of the following: 
an increase of $1.07 billion  in segment margin (excluding unrealized losses on commodity risk management activities) primarily due to the following: a $586 million  increase resulting from placing the Bakken pipeline in service in the second quarter of 2017; a $266 million  increase resulting from higher throughput on our Texas crude pipeline system primarily due to increased production from Permian producers; and a $189 million  increase (excluding a net change of $54 million  in unrealized losses on commodity risk management activities) from our crude oil acquisition and marketing business primarily resulting from improved basis differentials between the Permian and Bakken producing regions to our Nederland terminal on the Texas gulf coast; and a $28 million  increase primarily from higher throughput and ship loading fees at our Nederland terminal; and 
an increase of $117 million  in operating expenses primarily due to a $67 million  increase to throughput related costs on existing assets; a $36 million  increase resulting from placing the Bakken pipeline in service in the second quarter of 2017; a $26 million  increase resulting from the addition of certain joint venture transportation assets in the second quarter of 2017; and a $5 million  increase from ad valorem taxes; partially offset by an $17 million  decrease in insurance and environmental related expenses; and

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We reported losses from our equity method investees of $18 million and $105 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The changes are attributable to the Company's share of earnings and losses from its equity investees. 
The table below presents the details of other income, net (in millions). 
The following table reconciles our effective income tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate.
