WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents our Education and Other operating segments' revenues, certain operating expenses, Adjusted OIBDA, and a reconciliation of Adjusted OIBDA to operating income (in millions). 
The impairment of goodwill presented above for corporate and inter-segment eliminations is a portion of the total goodwill impairment recorded for the European reporting unit during 2017. The remaining portion of the impairment of $489 million is a component of our International Networks segment. The presentation of goodwill impairment is consistent with the financial reports that are reviewed by the Company's CEO. Goodwill has been allocated from corporate assets to reporting units within corporate and inter-segment eliminations. 
The decrease in mark-to-market share-based compensation expense was primarily attributable to a decrease in Discovery's stock price in 2017 compared to 2016. Changes in stock price are a key driver of fair value estimates used in the attribution of expense for stock appreciation rights ("SARs") and performance-based restricted stock units ("PRSUs"). By contrast, stock options and service-based restricted stock units ("RSUs") are fair valued at grant date and amortized over their vesting period without mark-to-market adjustments. The expense associated with stock options and RSUs is included in Adjusted OIBDA as a component of selling, general and administrative expense.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims. While we believe our estimates are reasonable, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. Historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. 
Our exposure to financial market risk results from fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions or hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment holdings that are diversified among various instruments considered to be cash equivalents, as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report, as well as short-term investments in government and agency securities with effective maturities of generally three months to five years at the date of purchase. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and secondarily to generate yields. The majority of our short-term investments are in fixed interest-rate securities. These securities are subject to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
With stable to higher energy commodity prices and continued improvements in drilling and completion technologies, we expect continued strong investments, including both drilling and well completion activities, by producers during 2019 in and around our assets in the Permian Basin, Eagle Ford Shale, Haynesville Shale and Rocky Mountain regions. Furthermore, we believe that our assets in these areas are very competitive in providing midstream services. We also believe that production basins, along with supporting midstream infrastructure such as our integrated network, located closest to prime markets on the U.S. Gulf Coast will continue to be preferred by producers due to more favorable economics as compared to other more distant areas (mostly due to lower transportation costs). 
Global economic growth continues to drive increasing demand for petroleum-based products. In December 2018, the International Energy Agency (“IEA”) reported that global demand for crude oil and NGLs grew by a combined 1.3 MMBPD in 2018 and expects demand to grow by 1.4 MMBPD in 2019. The IEA anticipates that overall demand for crude oil and NGLs by the countries represented by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) would decline by approximately 0.7 MMBPD between 2019 and 2023, while non-OECD demand would increase by 5 MMBPD over the same period. The IEA expects that petrochemicals will account for approximately 40% of the increase in global demand for crude oil and NGLs over this period. 
The North American “shale revolution” has made the U.S. the global, low-cost supplier of NGLs. We expect this trend to continue into 2019 and beyond supported by, among other things, the ability of U.S. shale producers to improve productivity and reduce development costs, higher demand in developing economies for crude oil and related hydrocarbons, and regulatory changes favoring the use of clean-burning fuels and low-sulfur hydrocarbons such as those found in domestic shale oil basins. We continue to foresee a variety of long-term demand-side opportunities from these developments, including higher demand from a resurgent U.S. petrochemical industry and increased exports of hydrocarbons (e.g., ethane, LPG and crude oil) to growing international markets.
