BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In Asia, we offer a range of consumer and B2B products. In India, our consumer brands include Dalda , Ginni  and Chambal  in edible oils; Dalda  and Gagan  in vanaspati; and Masterline  in professional bakery fats. In China, we offer consumer edible oil products under the Dou Wei Jia brand. The Bunge Loders Croklaan product line also includes bakery, culinary, confectionary and infant nutrition product offerings. 
Customers —Our customers include baked goods companies, snack food producers, confectioners, restaurant chains, foodservice operators, infant nutrition companies and other food manufacturers who use vegetable oils and shortenings as ingredients in their operations, as well as grocery chains, wholesalers, distributors and other retailers who sell to consumers under our brand names or under private labels. These customers include global and national food processors and manufacturers, many of which are leading brand owners in their product categories. 
Competition —Competition is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capabilities and cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, innovation, technical support, new product introductions, composition and nutritional value and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised, well-

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
During 2020, we recorded net pre-tax pension and benefits charges of $ 1.6 billion in our pension and postretirement benefit plans. The charges were recorded in Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statement of income and were primarily driven by a charge of $ 3.2 billion due to a decrease in our discount rate assumption used to determine the current year liabilities of our pension plans and postretirement benefit plans from a weighted-average of 3.3 % at December 31, 2019 to a weighted-average of 2.6 % at December 31, 2020, partially offset by a credit of $ 1.6 billion due to the difference between our estimated and our actual return on assets. During 2020, we also recorded net pre-tax severance charges of $ 309 million in Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income. 
The effective income tax rate for 2022 and 2021 was 23.1 %. The effective income tax rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was comparable to the similar period in 2021. The decrease in the provision for income taxes was primarily due to the decrease in income before income taxes in the current period. 
The effective income tax rate for 2021 was 23.1 % compared to 23.4 % for 2020. The decrease in the effective income tax rate was primarily due to the sale of Verizon Media in 2021, partially offset by the non-recurring tax benefit recognized in 2020 from a series of legal entity restructurings. The increase in the provision for income taxes was primarily due to the increase in income before income taxes in 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 
• modern low-code and no code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; 
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings, providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities:
