BOEING CO report:
For further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs, see the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 29 of this Form 10-K and see Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit cost primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts. 
The table below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of earnings from operations, operating margins and diluted earnings per share. 
($1,173) ($1,383) ($1,415) Core operating loss (non-GAAP) ($4,075) ($14,150) ($3,390) Core operating margins (non-GAAP) (6.5) % (24.3) % (4.4) % Diluted loss per share, as reported ($7.15) ($20.88) ($1.12)

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Other —We have a minority investment in a U.S. corn based ethanol production facility and a 50% interest in a joint venture that produces corn based ethanol in Argentina. In June 2018, we sold our interest in a joint venture for the development and production of renewable oils and feed ingredients in Brazil. 
Competition —We compete with other sugar and ethanol producers in Brazil and internationally, and in the global market with beet sugar processors, producers of other sweeteners, and other biofuels producers. The industry is highly competitive, with raw material procurement, cost structure, selling price and distribution capabilities being important competitive factors. Our major competitors in Brazil include Cosan Limited/ Raizen, São Martinho S.A. and Biosev (Louis Dreyfus). Our major international competitors include British Sugar PLC, Südzucker AG, Cargill, Tereos S.A., Sucden S.A., ED&F Man Limited and COFCO. 
Overview —Through our operations in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay, we produce, blend and distribute a range of liquid and dry NPK fertilizers, including nitrogen-based liquid and solid phosphate fertilizers. NPK refers to nitrogen (N), phosphate (P) and potassium (K), the main components of chemical fertilizers, used for crop production primarily of soybeans, corn and wheat. Our operations in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay are closely linked to our grain origination activities as we supply fertilizer to producers who supply us with grain. In Brazil, we operate a port terminal in the Port of Santos that discharges and handles imported fertilizers for third parties through our subsidiary Termag and provides logistics and support services. Our Brazilian grain operations also supply third-party produced fertilizer to farmers through barter agreements with the farmers.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
For certain of our financial assets measured at fair value, where our valuation service providers cannot provide fair value determinations, we obtain a single non-binding price quote from a broker familiar with the security who, similar to our valuation service providers, may consider transactions or activity in similar securities among other information. The brokers providing price quotes are generally from the brokerage divisions of financial institutions with market making, underwriting and distribution expertise regarding the security subject to valuation. 
The fair value of certain financial assets, including privately placed corporate fixed income securities and free-standing derivatives, for which our valuation service providers or brokers do not provide fair value determinations, is developed using valuation methods and models widely accepted in the financial services industry. Our internal pricing methods are primarily based on models using discounted cash flow methodologies that develop a single best estimate of fair value. Our models generally incorporate inputs that we believe are representative of inputs other market participants would use to determine fair value of the same instruments, including yield curves, quoted market prices of comparable securities or instruments, published credit spreads, and other applicable market data as well as instrument-specific characteristics that include, but are not limited to, coupon rates, expected cash flows, sector of the issuer, and call provisions. Because judgment is required in developing the fair values of these financial assets, they may differ from the amount actually received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Moreover, the use of different valuation assumptions may have a material effect on the financial assets’ fair values. 
For most of our financial assets measured at fair value, all significant inputs are based on or corroborated by market observable data, and significant management judgment does not affect the periodic determination of fair value. The determination of fair value using discounted cash flow models involves management judgment when significant model inputs are not based on or corroborated by market observable data. However, where market observable data is available, it takes precedence, and as a result, no range of reasonably likely inputs exists from which the basis of a sensitivity analysis could be constructed.
