SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We believe that Adjusted net income is a useful measure of operating performance for both management and investors because it excludes items that are not reflective of our core operating performance and provides an additional view of our operating performance including depreciation, interest expense and income taxes on a consistent basis from period to period. We believe that Adjusted net income may be used by investors, analysts and other interested parties to facilitate period-over-period comparisons and provides additional clarity as to how factors and trends impact our operating performance. 
Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures (1) to evaluate our historical and prospective financial performance as well as our performance relative to our competitors as they assist in highlighting trends, (2) to set internal sales targets and spending budgets, (3) to measure operational profitability and the accuracy of forecasting, (4) to assess financial discipline over operational expenditures, and (5) as an important factor in determining variable compensation for management and employees. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are also used in connection with certain covenants and activity restrictions under the agreements governing our indebtedness. We also believe these and similar non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted net income are not measurements of our performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP. 
We use Free cash flow as a supplemental measure to GAAP financial measures regarding the liquidity of our operations. We measure Free cash flow as cash flows provided by operating activities less cash capital expenditures. We believe that Free cash flow is a useful financial metric to assess our ability to pursue business opportunities and investments. Free cash flow is not a measure of our liquidity under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows provided by operating activities or any other liquidity measures derived in accordance with GAAP.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate to in-process research and development acquired in a business combination, were approximately $ 1.3 billion and $ 3.6 billion at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The decrease is due to an in-process research and development intangible asset related to the Medical Devices segment that became amortizable at the end of 2019. In 2017, Abbott recorded a $ 53 million impairment of an in-process research and development project related to the Medical Devices segment.
From 2017 to 2019, Abbott management approved restructuring plans as part of the integration of the acquisitions of St. Jude Medical into the Medical Devices segment, and Alere into the Diagnostic Products segment, in order to leverage economies of scale and reduce costs. Abbott recorded employee related severance and other charges of approximately $ 72 million in 2019, $ 52 million in 2018 and $ 187 million in 2017. Approximately $ 19 million in 2019, $ 5 million in 2018 and $ 5 million in 2017 are recorded in Cost of products sold, approximately $ 4 million in 2019 and $ 10 million in 2018 are recorded in Research and development, and approximately $ 49 million in 2019, $ 37 million in 2018 and $ 182 million in 2017 are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense. Abbott also assumed restructuring liabilities of approximately $ 23 million as part of the St Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions.
From 2016 to 2019, Abbott management approved plans to streamline operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in various Abbott businesses including the nutritional, established pharmaceuticals and vascular businesses. Abbott recorded employee related severance and other charges of approximately $ 66 million in 2019, $ 28 million in 2018 and $ 120 million in 2017. Approximately $ 16 million in 2019, $ 10 million in 2018 and $ 7 million in 2017 are recorded in Cost of products sold, approximately $ 28 million in 2019, $ 2 million in 2018 and $ 77 million in 2017 are recorded in Research and development, and approximately $ 22 million in 2019, $ 16 million in 2018 and $ 36 million in 2017 are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense. Additional charges of approximately $ 2 million in 2017 were recorded, primarily for accelerated depreciation.
