MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. It should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
We make and sell primarily snacks, including biscuits (cookies, crackers and salted snacks), chocolate, gum & candy, as well as various cheese & grocery and powdered beverage products. We have operations in approximately 80 countries and sell our products in over 150 countries. 
We aim to be the global leader in snacking. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and the leveraging of our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, our market leadership in developed and emerging markets, our deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities, and our efficiency and sustainability efforts, will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our e-commerce operations allow us to connect with our members online and provide additional products and services, many not found in our warehouses. Net sales for e-commerce represented approximately 6% of total net sales in 2020. This figure does not consider other services we offer online in certain countries such as business delivery, travel, same-day grocery, and various other services. 
We have direct buying relationships with many producers of national brand-name merchandise. We do not obtain a significant portion of merchandise from any one supplier. The COVID-19 pandemic created unprecedented supply constraints including disruptions and delays that have impacted and could continue to impact the flow and availability of certain products. When sources of supply become unavailable, we seek alternative sources. We also purchase and manufacture private-label merchandise, as long as quality and member demand are high and the value to our members is significant. 
Our members may utilize their memberships at our warehouses worldwide. Gold Star memberships are available to individuals; Business memberships are limited to businesses, including individuals with a business license, retail sales license or comparable document. Business members may add additional cardholders (affiliates), to which the same annual fee applies. Affiliates are not available for Gold Star members. Our annual fee for these memberships is $60 in our U.S. and Canadian operations and varies in other countries. All paid memberships include a free household card.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s identification and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as its process for the assessment of events that may indicate a change in unrecognized tax benefits is warranted. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the completeness of identified unrecognized tax benefits, as well as controls over management’s review of significant assumptions used within the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits. 
With the support of our tax professionals, among other audit procedures performed, we evaluated the reasonableness of management’s judgement with respect to the interpretation of tax laws of multiple jurisdictions by reading and evaluating management’s documentation, including relevant accounting policies, and by considering how tax law, including statutes, regulations and case law, affected management’s judgments. We tested the completeness of management’s assessment of the identification of unrecognized tax benefits and possible outcomes related to it including evaluation of technical merits of the unrecognized tax benefits. We also tested, with the support of our valuation specialists, appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions associated with the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, including assessing the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority. 
We have audited Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria.
