ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company routinely reviews its exposure to assessments from these plans, facilities and government programs. Underwriting results related to these arrangements, which tend to be adverse, have been immaterial to the Company’s results of operations in the last three years. Because of the Company’s participation, it may be exposed to losses that surpass the capitalization of these facilities or assessments from these facilities. 
Florida Citizens Castle Key is subject to assessments from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation in the state of Florida (“FL Citizens”), which was initially created by the state of Florida to provide insurance to property owners unable to obtain coverage in the private insurance market. FL Citizens, at the discretion and direction of its Board of Governors, can levy a regular assessment on assessable insurers and assessable insureds for a deficit in any calendar year up to a maximum of the greater of: 2 % of the projected deficit or 2 % of the aggregate statewide direct written premium for the prior calendar year. The base of assessable insurers includes all property and casualty premiums in the state, except workers’ compensation, medical malpractice, accident and health insurance and policies written under the NFIP. An insurer may recoup a 
regular assessment through a surcharge to policyholders. In order to recoup this assessment, an insurer must file for a policy surcharge with the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation at least fifteen days prior to imposing the surcharge on policies. If a deficit remains after the regular assessment, FL Citizens can also levy emergency assessments in the current and subsequent years. Companies are required to collect the emergency assessments directly from residential property policyholders and remit to FL Citizens as collected. Currently, the emergency assessment is zero for all policies issued or renewed on or after July 1, 2015.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. Recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, raw materials and taxable services and other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in Brazil. Management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. The balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories, purchases of new inventories, percentages of export sales, seasonality, changes in applicable tax rates, cash payment by the applicable government agencies and compensation of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments. At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the allowance for recoverable taxes was $37 million and $39 million, respectively. We continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful, recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.We apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. Accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. The calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves complexities in the application of intricate tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. Future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $120 million  and $106 million , respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. For additional information on income taxes, please refer to Note 14 - Income Taxes  to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
On December 22, 2017, H.R. 1, commonly known as the “Tax Cuts and Jobs Act” (the “Tax Act”) was signed into U.S. law. As a result of the Tax Act and in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (“SAB 118”), Bunge recognized a provisional tax expense of $60 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the one-time transition tax (“Transition Tax”), the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the accrual of incremental withholding taxes on future repatriation of earnings to the United States. 
In the fourth quarter of 2018, Bunge completed its analysis of the impact of the Tax Act in conjunction with filing of its 2017 U.S. income tax return, assessment of additional documentation to determine the Transition Tax, and analysis of U.S. Treasury guidance on the Tax Act. As a result, Bunge recorded a tax benefit of $26 million, primarily related to our ability to utilize additional foreign tax credits to offset future repatriation of earnings to the United States.

BOEING CO report:
Concession sharing arrangements We account for sales concessions to our customers in consideration of their purchase of products and services as a reduction of the transaction price and the revenue that is recognized for the related performance obligations. The sales concessions incurred may be partially reimbursed by certain suppliers in accordance with concession sharing arrangements. We record these reimbursements, which are presumed to represent reductions in the price of the vendor’s products or services, as a reduction in Cost of products. 
Unbilled receivables and advances and progress billings Unbilled receivables (contract assets) arise when the Company recognizes revenue for amounts which cannot yet be billed under terms of the contract with the customer. Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities) arise when the Company receives payments from customers in advance of recognizing revenue. The amount of Unbilled receivables or Advances and progress billings is determined for each contract. 
Financial services revenue We record financial services revenue associated with sales-type/finance leases, operating leases and loans in Sales of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For sales-type leases, we recognize selling profit or loss at lease inception if collection of the lease payments is probable. For sales-type and direct finance leases, we record customer financing receivables at lease inception. A customer financing receivable is recorded at the aggregate of future minimum lease payments, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and any deferred incremental direct costs less unearned income. Income is recognized over the life of the lease to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. For notes receivable, we record customer financing receivables net of any unamortized discounts and deferred incremental direct costs. Interest income and amortization of any discounts are recorded ratably over the related term of the note.
