ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s identification and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as its process for the assessment of events that may indicate a change in unrecognized tax benefits is warranted. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the completeness of identified unrecognized tax benefits, as well as controls over management’s review of significant assumptions used within the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits. 
With the support of our tax professionals, among other audit procedures performed, we evaluated the reasonableness of management’s judgement with respect to the interpretation of tax laws of multiple jurisdictions by reading and evaluating management’s documentation, including relevant accounting policies, and by considering how tax law, including statutes, regulations and case law, affected management’s judgments. We tested the completeness of management’s assessment of the identification of unrecognized tax benefits and possible outcomes related to it including evaluation of technical merits of the unrecognized tax benefits. We also tested, with the support of our valuation specialists, appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions associated with the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, including assessing the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority. 
We have audited Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In addition to mergers and acquisitions, we invest in early-stage companies to more mature companies both domestically and internationally to support our business initiatives and enhance our partner ecosystem. As the enterprise cloud computing ecosystem continues to mature and technologies change, our investment strategy and corresponding investment opportunities have expanded to include investments in companies concurrently with their initial public offerings, as well as larger capital investments in late stage companies and investments in emerging markets. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments, including in companies representing targeted geographies and targeted business and technological initiatives, as opportunities arise that we find attractive. 
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application 
instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
We also contribute to several multiemployer health and welfare plans that cover both active and retired employees. Healthcare benefits are provided to participants who meet certain eligibility requirements as covered under the applicable collective bargaining unit. The following table sets forth our calendar year plan contributions and accruals. For those plans covered by the collective bargaining agreement that expired on July 31, 2018, we have accrued a liability for the estimated contributions (which are included in the following table) under our new collective bargaining agreement that has been approved, but not yet implemented. Certain plans have been aggregated in the “all other multiemployer health and welfare plans” line in the table, as the contributions to each of these individual plans are not material. 
The change in goodwill for both the Supply Chain & Freight and the International Package segments was due to immaterial purchase accounting adjustments and the impact of changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar on the translation of non-U.S. Dollar goodwill balances. 
The goodwill acquired in the Supply Chain & Freight segment is primarily related to our January 2017 acquisition of Freightex Ltd. ("Freightex") and our November 2017 acquisition of STTAS Global Holdings, Inc ("Sandler & Travis Trade Advisory Services" or "STTAS"). The remaining goodwill acquired in the Supply Chain & Freight segment was related to other, smaller acquisitions immaterial to our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
