ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The “Indicative Gas Processing Gross Spread” represents our generic estimate of the gross economic benefit from extracting NGLs from natural gas production based on certain pricing assumptions. Specifically, it is the amount by which the assumed economic value of a composite gallon of NGLs in Chambers County, Texas exceeds the value of the equivalent amount of energy in natural gas at Henry Hub, Louisiana. Our estimate of the indicative spread does not consider the operating costs incurred by a natural gas processing facility to extract the NGLs nor the transportation and fractionation costs to deliver the NGLs to market. In addition, the actual gas processing spread earned at each plant is further influenced by regional pricing and extraction dynamics.
Fluctuations in our consolidated revenues and cost of sales amounts are explained in large part by changes in energy commodity prices. An increase in our consolidated marketing revenues due to higher energy commodity sales prices may not result in an increase in gross operating margin or cash available for distribution, since our consolidated cost of sales amounts would also be expected to increase due to comparable increases in the purchase prices of the underlying energy commodities. The same type of relationship would be true in the case of lower energy commodity sales prices and purchase costs.
We attempt to mitigate commodity price exposure through our hedging activities and the use of fee-based arrangements. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report and “ Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ” under Part II, Item 7A of this annual report for information regarding our commodity hedging activities.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
In 2020 and 2021, while the COVID-19 pandemic significantly affected economies, marketplaces, communities and businesses around the world, including ours, we prioritized our employees, customers and communities and largely continued to execute against our strategic priorities. In this way, we positioned ourselves to emerge stronger. Please refer to our COVID-19 discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information. 
We sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries, including 131 manufacturing and processing facilities across 45 countries. The portion of our net revenues generated outside the United States was 75.1% in 2021, 73.2% in 2020 and 74.4% in 2019. For more information on our U.S. and non-U.S. operations, refer to Note 18, Segment Reporting; on our manufacturing and other facilities, refer to Item 2, Properties ; and risks related to our operations outside the United States, see Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
• Our emerging markets include our Latin America region in its entirety; the Asia, Middle East and Africa (“AMEA”) region, excluding Australia, New Zealand and Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia, Ukraine, Türkiye, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Actual amounts for the year ended December 31, 2022 include results of operations for Discovery for the entire period and WM for the period subsequent to the completion of the Merger on April 8, 2022. 
In addition to the Merger, the impact of exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons of our results. For example, our international revenues are favorably impacted as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis (“ex-FX”), in addition to results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP provides useful information about our operating performance because the presentation ex-FX excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility and highlights our core operating results. The presentation of results on a constant currency basis should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, measures of financial performance reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
The ex-FX change represents the percentage change on a period-over-period basis adjusted for foreign currency impacts. The ex-FX change is calculated as the difference between the current year amounts translated at a baseline rate, which is a spot rate for each of our currencies determined early in the fiscal year as part of our forecasting process (the “2022 Baseline Rate”), and the prior year amounts translated at the same 2022 Baseline Rate. In addition, consistent with the assumption of a constant currency environment, our ex-FX results exclude the impact of our foreign currency hedging activities, as well as realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses. Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
