ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
As described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, acquired in-process research & development (“IPR&D”) intangible assets were approximately $1.3 billion at December 31, 2019. IPR&D intangible assets are assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators suggest the fair value of the IPR&D intangible asset may be below its carrying value. Auditing the fair value estimate of IPR&D intangible assets is complex because the estimate involves making assumptions about the timing and amount of forecasted future net cash flows of the related IPR&D projects, as well as the risk associated with the forecasted future net cash flows. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s IPR&D intangible asset impairment assessment, as well as its process for identification of events that indicate an IPR&D intangible asset may be impaired. This included controls over management's review of the valuation model and the significant assumptions (e.g., discount rate, projected research and development (“R&D”) costs, probability of technical success, projected revenues and product profitability) used to develop the prospective financial information (PFI). 
To test the fair value of the Company’s IPR&D intangible assets, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company's use of the income approach, testing the significant assumptions described above used to develop the prospective financial information and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. For example, we compared certain significant assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, historical results of the Company's business and other guideline companies within the same industry and to other relevant factors. We performed a sensitivity analysis of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value of the IPR&D assets resulting from changes in the assumptions. We also involved our valuation specialists to assist in testing certain significant assumptions in the fair value estimate. In addition, to evaluate the probability of technical success, we considered the phase of development of the IPR&D project and the Company's history of obtaining regulatory approvals.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. In July 2021, we acquired Slack, a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We plan to integrate Slack with most Salesforce offerings.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Marcus Hook Industrial Complex. The Marcus Hook Industrial Complex can receive crude oil via marine vessel and can deliver via marine vessel and pipeline. The terminal has a total active crude oil storage capacity of approximately 1 MMBbls . 
Patoka, Illinois Terminal. The Patoka, Illinois terminal is a tank farm and was contributed by ExxonMobil to the PEP joint venture and is located in Marion County, Illinois. The facility includes 234 acres of owned land and provides for approximately 2 MMBbls of crude oil storage. 
Houston Terminal. The Houston Terminal, which was acquired by ET in the SemGroup acquisition and contributed to ETO in February 2020, consists of storage tanks located on the Houston Ship Channel with an aggregate storage capacity of 18.2 MMBbls used to store, blend and transport refinery products and refinery feedstocks via pipeline, barge, rail, truck and ship. This facility has five deep-water ship docks on the Houston Ship Channel capable of loading and unloading Suezmax cargo vessels and seven barge docks which can accommodate 23 barges simultaneously, three crude oil pipelines connecting to four refineries and numerous rail and truck loading spots.
