SALESFORCE INC report:
Stock-based expenses related to the Company’s Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP” or “2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan”) are measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to shares issued pursuant to the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is 12 months. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a 15 percent discount from the lower of the Company’s stock price on (i) the first day of the offering period or on (ii) the last day of the purchase period and also allows employees to reduce their percentage election once during a six-month purchase period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but not increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The ESPP also includes a reset provision for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date. 
Stock-based expenses related to performance share grants, which are awarded to executive officers and other members of senior management and vest, if at all, based on the Company’s performance over a three-year period relative to the Nasdaq 100. Performance share grants are measured based on grant date at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and expensed on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of three years . 
The Company, at times, grants unvested restricted shares to employee stockholders of certain acquired companies in lieu of cash consideration. These awards are generally subject to continued post-acquisition employment. Therefore, the Company accounts for them as post-acquisition stock-based expense. The Company recognizes stock-based expense equal to the grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards, based on the closing stock price on grant date, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally four years .

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On July 18, 2018, £ 76 million (or $ 99 million ) of our 7.25 % pound sterling notes matured. The notes and accrued interest to date were paid with the issuance of commercial paper and cash on hand. 
 On May 7, 2018, we received net proceeds of $ 2.48 billion that were used to repay amounts outstanding under our revolving credit agreement facility and for other general corporate purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper borrowings and other debt. We recorded approximately $ 22 million of discounts and deferred financing costs net of various fees associated for the bond transaction and underwriter fee reimbursement, which will be amortized into interest expense over the life of the notes. 
 We financed the repurchase of the notes, including the payment of accrued interest and other costs incurred, from the $ 2.0 billion revolving credit agreement entered into on April 2, 2018. We recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of $ 140 million within interest and other expense, net related to the amount we paid to retire the debt in excess of its carrying value and from recognizing unamortized discounts, deferred financing and other cash costs in earnings at the time of the debt extinguishment. Cash costs related to tendering the debt are included in long-term debt repayments in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $211 million in operating expenses primarily due to a $182 million increase from recently acquired assets, a $17 million increase in employee and other direct expenses, and a $10 million increase in maintenance project costs; and 
• an increase of $36 million in other primarily due to the realization in the current period of certain amounts related to a shipper bankruptcy that occurred in a prior period; partially offset by 
• an increase of $309 million in operating expenses primarily due to $210 million in incremental operating expenses from recent acquisitions, a $52 million increase from pricing increases in labor, materials and utilities, a $16 million increase in project-related costs and environmental remediation, and a $20 million increase in employee costs and allocated expenses;
