ALLSTATE CORP report:
For the years ended December 31, ($ in millions) Number of events 2020 Number of events 2019 Number of events 2018 Hurricanes/Tropical storms 9 $ 1,001 3 $ 86 3 $ 200 Tornadoes 3 43 6 551 3 17 Wind/Hail 73 1,940 91 1,721 99 1,752 Wildfires 17 300 4 28 10 745 Other events 3 30 6 123 2 116 Prior year reserve reestimates (503) 48 25 Total catastrophe losses 105   $ 2,811   110   $ 2,557   117   $ 2,855   
Historical catastrophe experience For the last ten years, the average annual impact of catastrophes on our loss ratio was 8.2 points, but it has varied from 4.5 points to 14.7 points. The average annual impact of catastrophes on the homeowners loss ratio for the last ten years was 26.6 points. Over time, we have limited our aggregate insurance exposure to catastrophe losses in certain regions of the country that are subject to high levels of natural catastrophes by our participation in various state facilities. For further discussion of these facilities, see Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements. However, the impact of these actions may be diminished by the growth in insured values, and the effect of state insurance laws and regulations. In addition, in various states we are required to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and joint underwriting associations that provide insurance coverage to individuals or entities that otherwise are unable to purchase such coverage from private insurers. Because of our participation in these and other state facilities such as wind pools, we may be exposed to losses that surpass the capitalization of these facilities and to assessments from these facilities. 
• Starting in the second quarter of 2017, we began writing a limited number of homeowners policies in select areas of Florida and continue to support existing customers who replace their currently-insured home with an acceptable property. Encompass withdrew from property lines in Florida in 2009.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Customer 360 Platform. Acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. This process resulted in our acquisition of several companies in recent years, notably our acquisition of Slack in fiscal 2022. 
We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted geographies, businesses and technological initiatives. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. 
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Residential Fixed Services . We provide residential fixed connectivity solutions to customers over our 100% fiber-optic network under the Fios brand, and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. During 2018, we commercially launched fifth-generation (5G) wireless technology for the home (5G Home) on proprietary standards in four U.S. markets and on global standards in a fifth market in 2019. 
We offer residential fixed services tailored to the needs of our customers. Depending on those needs at a particular time, our services may include features related to, among other things: Internet access at different speed tiers using fiber-optic, copper or wireless technology; video services that may feature a variety of channel options, video on demand products, cloud-based services and digital video recording capabilities; over-the-top video services; and voice services. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, our Business segment provides communications products and enhanced services, including video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT products and services.
