ALLSTATE CORP report:
recoverable from them and future claims ceded to them to be considered a higher risk. There has also been consolidation activity in the industry, which causes reinsurance risk across the industry to be concentrated among fewer companies. 
319 350 261 Catastrophe reinsurance 764 541 416 Other reinsurance programs 261 60 110 Total Allstate Protection 1,693   1,723   961   Run-off Property-Liability — — — Total Property-Liability 1,693   1,723   961   
176   181   180   Total effect on premiums earned $ 1,869   $ 1,904   $ 1,141   Allstate Protection - Claims Indemnification programs State-based industry pool or facility programs

SALESFORCE INC report:
The revenue growth rates of each of our core service offerings fluctuate from quarter to quarter and over time. While we are a market leader in each core offering, we manage the total balanced product portfolio to deliver solutions to our customers. Accordingly, the revenue result for each cloud service offering is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter. 
Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings to customers for our subscription service. Over 90 percent of the value of our billings to customers is for our subscription and support service. We generally invoice our customers in annual cycles. We typically issue renewal invoices in advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and services contract and the subsequent renewal invoice may occur in different quarters. This may result in an increase in unearned revenue and accounts receivable. There is a disproportionate weighting toward annual billings in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of large enterprise account buying patterns. Our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year on year compounding effect of this seasonality in both billing patterns and overall new and renewal business causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter for both new business and renewals to increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. Accordingly, because of this billing activity, our first quarter is typically our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. 
The sequential quarterly changes in accounts receivable and the related unearned revenue and operating cash flow during the first quarter of our fiscal year are not necessarily indicative of the billing activity that occurs for the following quarters as displayed below (in millions ):

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The FCC regulates some of the rates that carriers pay each other for the exchange of voice traffic (particularly traditional wireline traffic) over different networks and other aspects of interconnection for some voice services. The FCC also regulates some of the rates and terms and conditions for certain wireline "business data services" and other services and network facilities. Verizon is both a seller and a buyer of these services, and both makes and receives interconnection payments. The FCC has focused in recent years on whether changes in the rates, terms and conditions for both the exchange of traffic and for business data services may be appropriate. 
We make available, free of charge on our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports at http://www.verizon.com/about/investors as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports and other information are also available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. We periodically provide other information for investors on this website, as well, including news and announcements regarding our financial performance, information on corporate governance and details related to our annual meeting of shareholders. We encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners and other stakeholders to review the information we post on this channel. Website references in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the websites. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report. 
In this report we have made forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or followed by the words "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "hopes" or similar expressions. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
