VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
amount of Pound Sterling -denominated unsecured notes. In addition, we completed exchange offers with respect to 17 series of unsecured notes issued by Verizon, allowing us to exchange the notes accepted in the exchange offers for new unsecured Verizon notes having a later maturity date and, for certain of the accepted series of notes, cash. We also amended our revolving credit facility to extend the maturity date to 2024. We had no outstanding commercial paper as of December 31, 2020. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, together with other dynamics in the marketplace, has caused borrowing costs to fluctuate significantly and, in certain cases, restricted the ability of borrowers to access the capital markets and other sources of financing. In order to provide financial flexibility and finance certain investments and projects, we may continue to utilize external financing arrangements that have been or may be affected by these market conditions. However, we believe that our cash on hand, the cash we expect to generate from our operations, and cash from other sources of financing available to us are, and will continue to be, sufficient to meet our ongoing operating, capital expenditure, debt service and investing requirements. 
We expect to continue to have sufficient cash to fund our operations, although we could experience significant fluctuations in our cash flows from period to period during the pendency of the pandemic. The net cash generated from our operations provides our primary source of cash flows. While we have historically experienced consistently low levels of payment delinquencies among our consumer and business accounts, beginning late in the first quarter 2020, we started to see increases in delinquencies across our retail customer base and our small and medium business accounts. This change in delinquency rate moderated during the second quarter and improved to levels seen before the COVID-19 pandemic during the third and fourth quarters of 2020. Accordingly, our provision for credit losses increased in the first quarter 2020, but decreased in the second quarter of 2020 and remained flat in the third and fourth quarters of 2020. If these levels of delinquencies begin to grow again, they could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows. We could also experience fluctuations in our cash flows resulting from the ongoing impacts of the pandemic on macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. and our customers working to become current on their bills in the first quarter of 2021 and beyond.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and their customers together in the digital age. Founded in 1999, we enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain and artificial intelligence, to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. 
With our Customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to help companies with their digital transformation. Customer 360 gives teams sales, service, marketing and commerce capabilities and more, and a single shared view of their customers so they can work together to build lasting, trusted relationships and deliver the personalized experiences their customers expect. With our acquisition of Slack Technologies, Inc. (“Slack”) in July 2021, we are also creating a new digital headquarters where companies, employees, governments, and stakeholders can create success from anywhere. 
Our Customer 360 service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, rapidly deployed and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. We also enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into U.S. dollar. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also, certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. Local currency loans in U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the U.S. are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, we recorded foreign currency losses of $139 million and $21 million, respectively, which were included as 
adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item “Foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt” in our consolidated statements of cash flows. This adjustment is required as these gains or losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations. 
Cash provided by investing activities was $410 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to cash provided by investing activities of $1,819 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. During 2018, payments were made for capital expenditures of $493 million, primarily related to replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in Brazil and the upgrade of our crush facility in Italy, as well as other capital projects at various facilities. In addition, we acquired Loders for $908 million, net of cash acquired, and Minsa USA for $73 million, net of cash acquired. Further, payments were made for investments of $1,184 million, primarily related to deposits, treasuries and bonds in South America related to financial services, which were substantially offset by proceeds from such investments of $1,098 million. Cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $1,888 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables (due to the change in accounting described above), as well as cash inflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $66 million in the year ended December 31, 2018, primarily driven by the depreciation of the Brazilian real relative to the U.S. dollar in 2018. During 2017, payments were made for capital expenditures of $662 million, primarily related to the upgrade and expansion of an export terminal in the U.S., replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business, the expansion of a crushing facility in Brazil and the upgrade of our crush facility in Italy. In addition, we acquired two oilseed processing plants in the Netherlands and France for $318 million, an edible oils business in Argentina for $26 million and an olive oil and seed oil producer in Turkey for $23 million, net of cash acquired. Additionally, we had cash outflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $20 million, primarily driven by the appreciation of the Brazilian real relative to the US dollar in 2017, and payments for investments in affiliates relating to our G3, SB Oils and Tapajos joint ventures, as well as the acquisition of a non-controlling stake in Agricola Alvorada, a Brazilian agribusiness company during 2017. Proceeds from and payments for investments included primarily purchases and sales of short-term investments. Cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $2,981 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables.
