COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Evaluating the key assumptions underlying the Company’s actuarial estimates by developing an independent expectation of the self-insurance liabilities and comparing them to the amounts recorded by the Company; and 
Evaluating the qualifications of the Company’s actuaries by assessing their certifications, and determining whether they met the Qualification Standards of the American Academy of Actuaries to render the statements of actuarial opinion implicit in their analyses. 
As of September 2, 2018, the Company identified a material weakness in internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls (ITGCs) in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain information technology (IT) systems that support the Company’s financial reporting processes. Automated and manual business process controls that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. While our report dated October 10, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 1, 2019, during a portion of the 52-week period ended September 1, 2019, the ITGCs were ineffective and the information or system generated reports produced by the affected financial reporting systems could not be relied upon without further testing. We identified the performance of the necessary incremental audit procedures over the financial information reliant on the impacted IT systems as a critical audit matter. Significant auditor judgment was required to design and execute the incremental audit procedures and to assess the sufficiency of the procedures performed and evidence obtained due to ineffective controls and the complexity of the Company’s IT environment.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
With respect to competition from other pipelines, the primary competitive factors consist of transportation charges, access to crude oil supply and market demand. Competitive factors in crude oil purchasing and marketing include price and contract flexibility, quantity and quality of services, and accessibility to end markets. 
Our refined product terminals compete with other independent terminals with respect to price, versatility and services provided. The competition primarily comes from integrated petroleum companies, refining and marketing companies, independent terminal companies and distribution companies with marketing and trading operations. 
In our wholesale fuel distribution business, we compete primarily with other independent motor fuel distributors. The markets for distribution of wholesale motor fuel and the large and growing convenience store industry are highly competitive and fragmented, which results in narrow margins. We have numerous competitors, some of which may have significantly greater resources and name recognition than we do. Significant competitive factors include the availability of major brands, customer service, price, range of services offered and quality of service, among others. We rely on our ability to provide value-added and reliable service and to control our operating costs in order to maintain our margins and competitive position.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. 
Developed technology represents the estimated fair value of Tableau's data analysis technologies. Customer relationships represent the estimated fair values of the underlying relationships with Tableau customers. 
The Company assumed unvested stock options and restricted stock awards with an estimated fair value of $ 1.5 billion. Of the total consideration, $ 292 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 1.2 billion was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis.
