ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Our treating facilities remove carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide from natural gas gathered into our system before the natural gas is introduced to transportation pipelines to ensure that the gas meets pipeline quality specifications. 
The Eagle Ford Gathering System consists of 30-inch  and 42-inch  natural gas gathering pipelines with over 1.4 Bcf/d  of capacity originating in Dimmitt County, Texas, and extending to both our King Ranch gas plant in Kleberg County, Texas and Jackson plant in Jackson County, Texas. The Eagle Ford Gathering System includes four processing plants (Chisholm, Kenedy, Jackson and King Ranch) with aggregate capacity of 1.92  Bcf/d. Our Chisholm, Kenedy, Jackson and King Ranch processing plants are connected to our intrastate transportation pipeline systems for deliveries of residue gas and are also connected with our NGL pipelines for delivery of NGLs to Lone Star. 
Our Northern Louisiana assets are comprised of several gathering systems in the Haynesville Shale with access to multiple markets through interconnects with several pipelines, including our Tiger Pipeline. Our Northern Louisiana assets include the Bistineau, Creedence, and Tristate Systems, which collectively include three natural gas treating facilities, with aggregate capacity of 870  MMcf/d.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As of December 31, 2020, all outstanding shares of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock were held by Advance/Newhouse. Holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock have equal rights, powers and privileges, except as otherwise noted. Except for the election of common stock directors, the holders of Series A-1 convertible preferred stock are entitled to vote on matters to which holders of Series A and Series B common stock are entitled to vote, and holders of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock are entitled to vote on matters to which holders of Series C common stock, which is generally non-voting, are entitled to vote pursuant to Delaware law. Series A-1 convertible preferred stockholders vote on an as converted to common stock basis together with the Series A and Series B common stockholders as a single class on all matters except the election of directors. Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is considered the economic equivalent of Series C common stock and is subject to certain transfer restrictions. 
Additionally, through its ownership of the Series A-1 convertible preferred stock, Advance/Newhouse has special voting rights on certain matters and the right to elect three directors. Holders of the Company’s common stock are not entitled to vote in the election of such directors. Advance/Newhouse retains these rights so long as it or its permitted transferees own or have the right to vote such shares that equal at least 80 % of the shares of Series A convertible preferred stock issued to Advance/Newhouse in connection with the formation of Discovery, as converted to Series A-1 convertible preferred stock, plus any Series A-1 convertible preferred stock released from escrow, as may be adjusted for certain capital transactions. Holders of Series A-1 convertible preferred stock are subject to a right of first offer in favor of Discovery should Advance/Newhouse desire to sell 80 % or more of the Series A-1 convertible preferred stock in a “Permitted Transfer” (as defined in the Discovery charter). 
Subject to the prior preferences and other rights of any senior stock, holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will participate equally with common stockholders on an as converted to common stock basis in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We own and operate three isomerization units located in Chambers County, Texas having an aggregate processing capacity of 116 MBPD that comprise the largest commercial isomerization facility in the U.S. We also own and operate a 70-mile pipeline system used to transport high-purity isobutane from Chambers County, Texas to Port Neches, Texas.
The demand for commercial isomerization services depends upon the energy industry’s requirements for isobutane and high-purity isobutane in excess of the isobutane produced through the process of NGL fractionation and refinery operations. Isomerization units convert normal butane feedstock into mixed butane, which is a stream of isobutane and normal butane. DIB units, of which we own and operate ten located at our Chambers County complex, then separate the isobutane from the normal butane. Any remaining unconverted (or residual) normal butane generated by the DIB process is then recirculated through the isomerization process until it has been converted into varying grades of isobutane, including high-purity isobutane. The primary uses of isobutane are for the production of propylene oxide, isooctane, isobutylene and alkylate for motor gasoline. We also use certain of our DIB units to fractionate mixed butanes originating from NGL fractionation activities, imports and other sources into isobutane and normal butane. The operating flexibility provided by our multiple standalone DIBs enables us to capture market opportunities resulting from fluctuations in demand and prices for different types of butanes.
Our isomerization assets provide processing services to meet the needs of third-party customers and our other businesses, including our NGL marketing activities and octane enhancement production facility. On a weighted-average basis, the utilization rates of our isomerization facility were approximately 73.3%, 82.8% and 94.0% during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
