BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Trade accounts payable - Trade accounts payable were $4,250 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of $1,614 million from $2,636 million at December 31, 2020. The increase in Trade accounts payable was primarily due to higher average inventory purchase prices during the current year as well as the timing of payments. 
Other current liabilities - Other current liabilities, including Liabilities held for sale, were $3,547 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of $1,731 million from $5,278 million at December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to decreased unrealized losses on derivative contracts, the sale of our United States interior grain assets that were classified as held for sale at December 31, 2020, and a payment to acquire the noncontrolling equity interests in our Z.T. Kruszwica S.A. subsidiary in Europe during the year ended December 31, 2021 (see Note 13- Other Current Liabilities , to our consolidated financial statements). The Liabilities held for sale balance as of December 31, 2021 relates to the classification of our Mexico wheat milling business as held for sale during the current year (see Note 2- Acquisitions and Dispositions , to our consolidated financial statements). 
Financing Arrangements and Outstanding Indebtedness —We conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the company with efficient access to debt and capital markets. This structure includes a master trust, the primary assets of which comprise intercompany loans made to Bunge Limited and its subsidiaries. Certain of Bunge Limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, Bunge Limited Finance Corp., Bunge Finance Europe B.V. and Bunge Asset Funding Corp., fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. Borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by Bunge Limited.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.
The carrying values and fair values of certain financial instruments as of December 31 are shown in the table below. The carrying values of all other financial instruments approximate their estimated fair values. The counterparties to financial instruments consist of select major international financial institutions. Abbott does not expect any losses from nonperformance by these counterparties.
The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts is determined using a market approach, which utilizes values for comparable derivative instruments. The fair value of the debt was determined based on the face value of the debt adjusted for the fair value of the interest rate swaps, which is based on a discounted cash flow analysis using significant other observable inputs.

SALESFORCE INC report:
No single customer accounted for more than five percent of accounts receivable at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. No single customer accounted for five percent or more of total revenue during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, assets located outside the Americas were 15 percent and 13 percent of total assets, respectively. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, assets located in the United States were 83 percent and 86 percent of total assets, respectively. 
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio, including within specific industries, as the Company primarily invests in enterprise cloud companies, technology st artups and system integrators. As of January 31, 2023, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments portfolio and represented 16 percent of the portfolio in aggregate. As of January 31, 2022, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its strategic investment portfolio and represented 21 percent of the portfolio in aggregate. 
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: subscription and support revenues and professional services and other revenues. Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software license revenues from the sales of term and perpetual licenses and support revenues from the sales of support and updates beyond the basic subscription fees or related to the sales of software licenses. Professional services and other revenues include professional and advisory services for process mapping, project management and implementation services and training services.
