BOEING CO report:
Due to the impacts of COVID-19 on our customers as well as production issues and associated rework, the 787 program has near breakeven gross margins at December 31, 2020. The margins reflect reductions in the production rate and program accounting quantity during 2020. If we are required to further reduce the accounting quantity and/or production rates or experience higher than anticipated costs or delays addressing production issues and associated rework, or other factors that could result in lower margins, the program could record a reach-forward loss in future periods which may be material. 
The 747 and 767 programs also have near breakeven gross margins at December 31, 2020. If we are unable to mitigate risks associated with these programs, or if our assumptions with respect to items such as pricing, cost, accounting quantity or future production rates were to change, we could be required to record reach-forward losses in future periods which may be material. 
In 2019, following two fatal 737 MAX accidents, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and non-U.S. civil aviation authorities issued orders suspending commercial operations of 737 MAX aircraft. Deliveries of the 737 MAX were suspended following these orders. Deliveries resumed in late 2020 following rescission by the FAA of its grounding order.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
RMI comprises agricultural commodity inventories, including soybeans, soybean meal, soybean oil, corn, and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing 
mechanisms. Total RMI reported at fair value were $6,680 million and $6,869 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (see Note 6- Inventories, to our consolidated financial statements). 
Other current assets - Other current assets, including Assets held for sale, were $4,417 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of $598 million from $5,015 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in DPP as a result of restructuring our trade receivables securitization program during the fourth quarter of 2022 (see Note 5- Trade Accounts Receivable and Trade Receivable Securitization Program to our consolidated financial statements), a decrease in marketable securities and other short-term investments, due to a decrease in investments with Ukrainian exposures following the onset of the Ukraine-Russia war, as well as a decrease in Assets held for sale due to the completion of the sale of our Mexico wheat milling business (see Note 3- Acquisitions and Dispositions , to our consolidated financial statements), partially offset by an increase in margin deposits, prepaid commodity contracts, and income tax receivable.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Accumulated amortization on intangible assets was $ 633 million and $ 572 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Trade names and licenses are considered to have an indefinite useful life and are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequent if circumstances arise that indicate an impairment may have occurred. An impairment is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value. 
During second quarter 2019, the Company made the decision to phase-out the use of the SquareTrade trade name in the United States and sell consumer protection plans under the Allstate Protection Plans name. The SquareTrade trade name will continue to be used outside of the United States. The change required an impairment evaluation of the indefinite-lived intangible asset recognized in the Service Businesses segment for SquareTrade’s trade name recorded when SquareTrade was acquired in 2017. 
During fourth quarter 2019, the Company made the decision to integrate Esurance into the Allstate brand as part of the Transformative Growth Plan. This required an impairment evaluation of the indefinite-lived intangible asset recognized in the Allstate Protection segment for the Esurance trade name recorded when Esurance was acquired in 2011.
