BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Grains, Net sales decreased $1,820 million due to lower sales volumes in our grain origination, trading and distribution businesses, associated with lower supply in North America due to adverse weather conditions and the ongoing US-China trade dispute, and lower farmer selling in Brazil through much of 2019. 
Cost of goods sold decreased by $3,445 million, or 11%, to $27,314 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared to $30,759 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The net decrease was primarily due to the following: 
• In Oilseeds, Cost of goods sold decreased by $1,669 million due to lower purchase prices and improved trading results in our oilseed businesses, partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market results in our oilseed processing business, and approximately $87 million of impairment charges related to PP&E at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Auditing the employee benefit obligations was complex due to the highly judgmental nature of the actuarial assumptions (e.g., discount rate, health care cost trends and per capita claims cost trends) used in the measurement process. These assumptions had a significant effect on the projected benefit obligation. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the employee benefits obligation valuation process. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the employee benefit obligation calculations, the significant actuarial assumptions and the data inputs provided to the actuary. 
To test the employee benefit obligations, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodologies used, the significant actuarial assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company. We compared the actuarial assumptions used by management to historical trends, current economic factors and evaluated the change in the employee benefit obligations from prior year due to the change in service cost, interest cost, actuarial gains and losses, benefit payments, contributions and other activities. In addition, we involved an actuarial specialist to assist in evaluating management’s methodology for determining the discount rate that reflects the maturity and duration of the benefit payments and is used to measure the employee benefit obligations. As part of this assessment, we compared the projected cash flows to prior year projections and compared the current year benefits paid to the prior year projected cash flows. To evaluate the health care cost trends and per capita claims cost trends, we involved an actuarial specialist to assist in evaluating the assumptions and assessed whether the information was consistent with publicly available information, and whether any market data adjusted for entity-specific adjustments were applied. We also tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data, including the participant data provided to management’s actuarial specialists.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company typically invoices its customers annually. Typical payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. 
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts or ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Training revenues are recognized as the services are performed. 
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment.
