ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
With respect to our TE Products Pipeline, the pipeline’s most significant competitors are third-party pipelines in the areas where it delivers products. Competition among common carrier pipelines is based primarily on transportation fees, quality of customer service and proximity to end users. Trucks, barges and railroads competitively deliver products into some of the markets served by our TE Products Pipeline and river terminals. The TE Products Pipeline also faces competition from rail and pipeline movements of NGLs from Canada and waterborne imports into terminals located along the upper East Coast.
Our marine transportation business competes with other inland marine transportation companies as well as providers of other modes of transportation, such as rail tank cars, tractor-trailer tank trucks and, to a limited extent, pipelines. Competition within the marine transportation business is largely based on performance and price. Also, substantial new construction of inland marine vessels could create an oversupply and intensify competition for our marine transportation business. 
Although the majority of our businesses are not materially affected by seasonality, certain aspects of our operations are impacted by seasonal changes such as tropical weather events, energy demand in connection with heating and cooling requirements and for the summer driving season. Examples include:

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Failure to comply with the various restrictive and affirmative covenants of our revolving credit facilities could require us to pay debt balances prior to scheduled maturity and could negatively impact the Partnership’s or our subsidiaries’ ability to incur additional debt and/or our ability to pay distributions to Unitholders. 
Panhandle is not party to any lending agreement that would accelerate the maturity date of any obligation due to a failure to maintain any specific credit rating, nor would a reduction in any credit rating, by itself, cause an event of default under any of Panhandle’s lending agreements. Financial covenants exist in certain of Panhandle’s debt agreements that require Panhandle to maintain a certain level of net worth, to meet certain debt to total capitalization ratios and to meet certain ratios of earnings before depreciation, interest and taxes to cash interest expense. A failure by Panhandle to satisfy any such covenant would give rise to an event of default under the associated debt, which could become immediately due and payable if Panhandle did not cure such default within any permitted cure period or if Panhandle did not obtain amendments, consents or waivers from its lenders with respect to such covenants.   
Panhandle’s restrictive covenants include restrictions on debt levels, restrictions on liens securing debt and guarantees, restrictions on mergers and on the sales of assets, capitalization requirements, dividend restrictions, cross default and cross-acceleration and prepayment of debt provisions. A breach of any of these covenants could result in acceleration of Panhandle’s debt and other financial obligations and that of its subsidiaries.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Redeemable noncontrolling interests reflected as of the balance sheet date are the greater of the noncontrolling interest balances adjusted for comprehensive income items and distributions or the redemption values remeasured at the period end foreign exchange rates (i.e., the "floor"). Adjustments to the carrying amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests to redemption value as a result of changes in exchange rates are reflected in currency translation adjustments, a component of other comprehensive income (loss) ; however, such currency translation adjustments to redemption value are allocated to Discovery stockholders only. Redeemable noncontrolling interest adjustments of redemption value to the floor are reflected in retained earnings. The adjustment of redemption value to the floor that reflects a redemption in excess of fair value is included as an adjustment to income from continuing operations available to Discovery, Inc. stockholders in the calculation of earnings per share. (See Note 19.) The table below summarizes the Company's redeemable noncontrolling interests balances (in millions). 
In connection with its noncontrolling interest in OWN, Harpo has the right to require the Company to purchase Harpo's remaining noncontrolling interest at fair value during four   90-day  windows beginning on July 1, 2018  and every two and a half  years thereafter through January 1, 2026 . Harpo exercised the first of such remaining put rights on August 20, 2018 . On November 6, 2018 , the Company and Harpo entered into an amendment to the limited liability company agreement whereby Harpo agreed to withdraw its August 20, 2018  put notice and upon any succeeding redemption the put payment value will equal the fair value of Harpo's equity interest in OWN plus an incremental 9.337%  per annum for the 2.5  year period between the July 1, 2018  put right date and the January 1, 2021  put right date. As Harpo’s put right is outside the control of the Company, Harpo’s noncontrolling interest is presented as redeemable noncontrolling interest outside of permanent equity on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. 
In connection with the MTG joint venture between Discovery and GoldenTree created on September 25, 2017 , GoldenTree acquired a put right exercisable during 30-day  windows beginning on each of March 25, 2021 , September 25, 2022  and March 25, 2024 , that requires Discovery to either purchase all of GoldenTree's noncontrolling 32.5%  interest in the joint venture at fair value or participate in an initial public offering for the joint venture. As the put right is outside of the Company's control, GoldenTree's 32.5%  noncontrolling interest is presented as redeemable noncontrolling interest outside of permanent equity on the Company's consolidated balance sheet.
