MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On September 9, 2020, we sold approximately 12.5 million shares of KDP, which reduced our ownership interest by 0.9 % to 11.2 % of the total outstanding shares. We received $ 363 million of proceeds and recorded a pre-tax gain of $ 154 million (or $ 119 million after-tax) during the third quarter of 2020. 
On November 17, 2020, we participated in a secondary offering of KDP shares and sold approximately 40.0 million shares, which reduced our ownership interest by 2.8 % to 8.4 % of the total outstanding shares. We received 
We hold two director positions on the KDP board as well as additional governance rights. As we continue to have significant influence, we continue to account for our investment in KDP under the equity method, resulting in recognizing our share of their earnings within our earnings and our share of their dividends within our cash flows.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Goodwill is allocated to the Company's reporting units, which are its operating segments or one level below its operating segments. The Company evaluates goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually as of October 1, or earlier if an event or other circumstance indicates that it may not recover the carrying value of the asset. If the Company believes that, as a result of its qualitative assessment, it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is not required. If a qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, a quantitative impairment test is performed. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill recorded for that reporting unit. The Company typically performs a quantitative impairment test every three years, irrespective of the outcome of the Company's qualitative assessment. 
Long-lived assets such as amortizing trademarks, customer lists, other intangible assets, and property and equipment are not required to be tested for impairment annually, but rather are tested for impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If an impairment analysis is required, the impairment test employed is based on whether the Company’s intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to hold the asset for sale. If the intent is to hold the asset for continued use, the impairment test requires a comparison of undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss would be recognized equal to the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its fair value, which is typically determined by discounting the future cash flows associated with that asset. If the intent is to hold the asset for sale and certain other criteria are met, the impairment test involves comparing the asset’s carrying value to its fair value less costs to sell. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized equal to the difference. Significant judgments used for long-lived asset impairment assessments include identifying the appropriate asset groupings and primary assets within those groupings, determining whether events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, determining the future cash flows for the assets involved and assumptions applied in determining fair value, which include reasonable discount rates, growth rates, market risk premiums and other assumptions about the economic environment. 
Equity method investments are reviewed for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis. Equity method investments are written down to fair value if there is evidence of a loss in value that is other-than-temporary. The Company may estimate the fair value of its equity method investments by considering recent investee equity transactions, DCF analysis, recent operating results, comparable public company operating cash flow multiples and in certain situations, balance sheet liquidation values. If the fair value of the investment has dropped below the carrying amount, management considers several factors when determining whether an other-than-temporary decline has occurred, such as the length of the time and the extent to which the estimated fair value or market value has been below the carrying value, the financial condition and the near-term prospects of the investee, the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the investee for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, and general market conditions. The estimation of fair value and whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred requires the application of significant judgment and future results may vary from current assumptions. If declines in the value of the equity method investments are determined to be other-than-temporary, a loss is recorded in earnings in the current period as a component of loss from equity investees, net on the consolidated statements of operations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Permian Basin Gathering System is comprised of the 1,113-mile Carlsbad pipeline system, the 600-mile Waha pipeline system, the 34-mile Orla pipeline system and the 23-mile Mentone pipeline system. The Permian Basin Gathering System gathers natural gas from the Permian Basin for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Chaparral, South Eddy, Waha, Mentone and Orla plants, and delivers residue and treated natural gas into our Texas Intrastate System and third-party pipelines.
 • The White River Hub is a natural gas hub facility serving producers in the Piceance Basin. The facility enables producers to access six interstate natural gas pipelines and has a gross throughput capacity of 3 Bcf/d of natural gas.
 • The BTA Gathering System , which is located in East Texas, gathers and treats natural gas from the Haynesville Shale and Bossier, Cotton Valley and Travis Peak formations. This system includes our Fairplay Gathering System.
