ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
As of February 1, 2022, there were approximately 6,911 EPCO personnel who spend all or a substantial portion of their time engaged in our business. From a diversity perspective, approximately 15 % of these personnel were female and approximately 30 % of these personnel were minorities. We believe that the diversity of our workforce compares favorably to that of related energy industries.
The health and safety of those working on our behalf is a top priority. We promote a culture in which all personnel share the same commitment to health and safety, and recognize the importance of mitigating risks. Acting upon our commitment to safety, we engage all levels of employees and management, our Board, our contractors, and various external entities and organizations. We strive to achieve a goal of zero incidents and injuries. We track our safety performance by monitoring our Total Recordable Incident Rate (“TRIR”), which is an OSHA measure that generally reflects the number of recordable incidents per 100 full-time workers during a one-year period. Our TRIR for 2021 was 0.38, which compares favorably to the average TRIR for the midstream industry over the last six years. We strive for year-to-year improvement in our safety performance.
Our real property holdings fall into two basic categories: (i) parcels that we and our unconsolidated affiliates own in fee (e.g., we own the land upon which our Chambers County complex is constructed) and (ii) parcels in which our interests and those of our unconsolidated affiliates are derived from leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits or licenses from landowners or governmental authorities permitting the use of such land for our operations. The fee sites upon which our significant facilities are located have been owned by us or our predecessors in title for many years without any material challenge known to us relating to title to the land upon which the assets are located, and we believe that we have satisfactory title to such fee sites. We and our affiliates have no knowledge of any material challenge to the underlying fee title of any material lease, easement, right-of-way, permit or license held by us or to our rights pursuant to any material lease, easement, right-of-way, permit or license, and we believe that we have satisfactory rights pursuant to all of our material leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits and licenses.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company capitalizes certain computer software and costs incurred in developing or obtaining software for internal use. During development, these costs are included in construction in progress. To the extent that the assets become ready for their intended use, these costs are included in equipment and fixtures and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recognized an $ 84 write-off of certain information technology assets, which was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, in the consolidated statements of income. 
Repair and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. Expenditures for remodels, refurbishments and improvements that add to or change the way an asset functions or that extend the useful life are capitalized. Assets removed during the remodel, refurbishment or improvement are retired. Assets classified as held-for-sale at the end of 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. The following table summarizes the Company's property and equipment balances at the end of 2021 and 2020: 
The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances may indicate the carrying amount of the asset group, generally an individual warehouse, may not be fully recoverable. For asset groups held and used, including warehouses to be relocated, the carrying value of the asset group is considered recoverable when the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group exceed the respective carrying value. In the event that the carrying value is not considered recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the asset group to be held and used equal to the excess of the carrying value above the estimated fair value of the asset group. For asset groups classified as held-for-sale (disposal group), the carrying value is compared to the disposal group’s fair value less costs to sell. The Company estimates fair value by obtaining market appraisals from third party brokers or using other valuation techniques. Impairment charges recognized in 2021 were immaterial. There were no impairment charges recognized in 2020 or 2019.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Discovery, after payment of Discovery’s debts and liabilities and subject to the prior payment with respect to any stock ranking senior to Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, the holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will receive, before any payment or distribution is made to the holders of any common stock or other junior stock, an amount (in cash or property) equal to $ 0.01 per share. Following payment of such amount and the payment in full of all amounts owing to the holders of securities ranking senior to Discovery’s common stock, holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will share equally on an as converted to common stock basis with the holders of common stock with respect to any assets remaining for distribution to such holders. 
No Series A-1 or C-1 convertible preferred stock was converted during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2018. During the year ended December 31, 2019, Advance Newhouse Programming Partnership converted 1.1 million of its Series C-1 convertible preferred stock into 22.0 million shares of Series C common stock. 
In March 2018, the Company issued 139 million shares of Series C common stock as part of the consideration paid for the acquisition of Scripps Networks, inclusive of the conversion of 1 million Scripps Networks share-based compensation awards. (See Note 3.)
