WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For equity interests without readily determinable fair values previously accounted for under the cost method, the Company has elected to apply the "measurement alternative" prospectively. Under this election, investments are recorded at cost, less impairment, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes as of the date that an observable transaction takes place. The Company will recognize observable price changes as adjustments to fair values of these investments as a component of other (expense) income, net. (See Note 4 and Note 5.) In addition, companies are required to perform a qualitative assessment each reporting period to identify impairments under a single-step model. When a qualitative assessment indicates that an impairment exists, the Company will need to estimate the fair value of the investment and recognize in current earnings an impairment loss equal to the difference between the fair value and the carrying amount of the equity investment. 
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("Topic 606"), which updates numerous requirements in U.S. GAAP, eliminates industry-specific guidance, and provides companies with a single model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the new standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also addresses the accounting for costs incurred as part of obtaining or fulfilling a contract with a customer by adding ASC Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs: Contracts with Customers, and requiring that costs of obtaining a contract be recognized as an asset and amortized as goods and services are transferred to the customer, as long as the costs are expected to be recovered. 
On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted Topic 606 using the modified retrospective method applied to contracts not completed as of January 1, 2018. Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2018, are presented under Topic 606, while prior period amounts have not been adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historic accounting under Topic 605. Under Topic 605, revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists, services are rendered or delivery occurs, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues do not include taxes collected from customers on behalf of taxing authorities such as sales tax and value-added tax. However, certain revenues include taxes that customers pay to taxing authorities on the Company’s behalf, such as foreign withholding tax.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Historically, the Seminole NGL Pipeline system was comprised of two parallel pipelines extending to Mont Belvieu. In January 2019, we completed the conversion of a portion of one of these pipelines from NGL service to crude oil service. The conversion does not reduce our NGL transportation capacity since displaced NGLs are transported using our other NGL pipelines, including our Shin Oak NGL Pipeline. Furthermore, we have the ability to convert this pipeline back to NGL service should market and physical takeaway conditions warrant. See “Crude Oil Pipelines & Services Segment – Crude Oil Pipelines” within this Items 1 and 2 section for additional information regarding the Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline System. 
The Texas Express Pipeline extends from Skellytown, Texas to our NGL fractionation and storage complex located in and near Mont Belvieu. Mixed NGLs from production fields located in the Rocky Mountains, Permian Basin and Mid-Continent regions are delivered to the Texas Express Pipeline via an interconnect with our Mid-America Pipeline System near Skellytown. In addition, the Texas Express Pipeline transports mixed NGLs gathered by the Texas Express Gathering System. Also, mixed NGLs originating from the Denver-Julesburg (“DJ”) Basin in Colorado are transported to the Texas Express Pipeline using the Front Range Pipeline. Our 35% ownership interest in the Texas Express Pipeline is held indirectly through our equity method investment in Texas Express Pipeline LLC. 
In May 2018, we conducted open commitment periods to determine shipper interest in expansions of the Texas Express Pipeline and Front Range Pipeline. Given the positive responses we received from shippers, we are proceeding with the expansions, which are expected to increase the transportation capacity of Texas Express Pipeline and Front Range Pipeline by 90 MBPD and 100 MBPD, respectively. The expansions are designed to facilitate growing production of NGLs from domestic shale basins, including the DJ Basin, by providing producers with flow assurance and greater access to Gulf Coast markets. We anticipate the expansion projects will be placed into service during the third quarter of 2019.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Examples of laws and regulations that affect our business include workplace safety regulations; selective food taxes; labeling requirements such as front-of-pack labeling based on nutrient profiles; sales or media and marketing restrictions such as those on promotions or advertising products with specified nutrient profiles on certain channels or platforms or during certain hours of the day; sanctions on sales or sourcing of raw materials; potential withdrawal of cross-border trade concessions as retaliation or imposition of new border barriers for other reasons; changes in the corporate tax policies of the United States and other countries; and packaging taxes. In addition, at least 25 countries in the European Union have implemented extended producer responsibility (“EPR”) policies as part of national packaging waste policies that make manufacturers responsible for the cost of recycling food and beverage packaging after consumers use it. These range from mandatory regulations to voluntary agreements between government and industry to voluntary industry initiatives. EPR policies are also being contemplated in other jurisdictions around the world, including certain states in the United States. 
Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multinational environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. We are also subject to legislation designed to reduce emissions from greenhouse gases, and many countries are considering introducing carbon taxes that could increase our production costs or those of our suppliers. 
We continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. Also refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for additional information on government regulations and currency-related impacts on our operations in the United Kingdom, Argentina and other countries.
