ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
A number of our pipelines, including the Mid-America Pipeline System, Seminole NGL Pipeline, Chaparral NGL Pipeline, Shin Oak NGL Pipeline, Texas Express Pipeline and Front Range Pipeline, serve Permian Basin and/or Rocky Mountain producers. On a combined basis, gross operating margin from these pipelines increased a net $65.8 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average transportation fees, which accounted for a $64.9 million increase, and lower operating costs, which accounted for an additional $36.4 million increase, partially offset by lower transportation volumes of 101 MBPD (net to our interest), which accounted for a $25.9 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from LPG-related activities at EHT increased $62.7 million year-to-year primarily due to higher export volumes of 105 MBPD. The increase in export volumes is attributable to an LPG expansion project at EHT that was completed in the third quarter of 2019. Gross operating margin from our Houston Ship Channel Pipeline System increased $21.5 million year-to-year primarily due to an 86 MBPD increase in transportation volumes. Gross operating margin at our Morgan’s Point Ethane Export Terminal increased $8.6 million year-to-year primarily due to lower operating costs. Export volumes from our Morgan’s Point Ethane Export Terminal decreased 9 MBPD year-to-year.
Gross operating margin from our Aegis Pipeline increased a net $27.3 million year-to-year primarily due to a 107 MBPD increase in transportation volumes associated with contract commitments, which accounted for a $43.0 million increase, partially offset by higher operating costs, which accounted for a $9.5 million decrease.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our primary non-GAAP financial measures are listed below and reflect how we evaluate our current and prior-year operating results. As new events or circumstances arise, these definitions could change. When our definitions change, we provide the updated definitions and present the related non-GAAP historical results on a comparable basis (1) . 
“Organic Net Revenue” is defined as net revenues excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures (2) and currency rate fluctuations (3) . We also evaluate Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging and developed markets. 
Our emerging markets include our Latin America region in its entirety; the AMEA region, excluding Australia, New Zealand and Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Georgia, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries. Our developed markets include the entire North America region, the Europe region excluding the countries included in the emerging markets definition, and Australia, New Zealand and Japan from the AMEA region.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws (including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), interpretations of such laws, changes in the mix of taxable income among different tax jurisdictions, or adverse results of tax audits, assessments, or disputes; 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this 2018 10-K Report will be deemed to modify or supersede such forward-looking statements. 
For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.
