ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $19 million in general and administrative expenses primarily due to a $10 million increase in allocated overhead costs, a $5 million increase in insurance expenses, a $4 million increase in legal fees, and a $2 million increase in employee costs. 
Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our crude oil transportation and services segment increased due to the net impacts of the following: 
• an increase of $543 million in segment margin (excluding unrealized gains and losses on commodity risk management activities) primarily due to a $282 million increase resulting from higher throughput on our Texas crude pipeline system primarily due to increased production from the Permian region and contributions from capacity expansion projects placed into service, a $219 million increase in throughput on our Bakken pipeline, a favorable change due to inventory valuation adjustment of $75 million, partially offset by a $90 million reduction due to lower pipeline basis spreads net of hedges. We also realized a $66 million increase from higher volumes on our Bayou Bridge Pipeline, a $31 million increase due to the inclusion of assets acquired in 2019, and a $26 million increase primarily from higher throughput, ship loading and tank rental fees at our Nederland Terminal; partially offset by a $54 million decrease from our Oklahoma assets resulting from lower volumes to the system as well as from the timing of a deficiency payment made in the prior year, a $12 million decrease due to the closure of a third-party refinery which was the primary customer utilizing one of our northeast crude terminals. The remainder of the offsetting decrease was primarily attributable to a change in the presentation of certain intrasegment transactions, which were eliminated in the current period presentation but were shown on a gross basis in revenues and operating expenses in the prior period; partially offset by

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenues increased $328 million ( 3.3% ), due to favorable volume/mix (3.1 pp) and favorable currency (2.3 pp), partially offset by the impact of divestitures (1.5 pp) and lower net pricing (0.6 pp). Favorable volume/mix was driven by chocolate, biscuits and candy, partially offset by declines in cheese & grocery, gum and refreshment beverages. Favorable currency impacts reflected the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro, British pound sterling, Polish zloty and Czech koruna, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, primarily the Russian ruble and Turkish lira. The impact of divestitures, due to the sale of a confectionery business in France and the termination of certain Kraft Heinz Company-owned grocery brand licenses, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $137 million for 2018. Lower net pricing was driven by chocolate and biscuits, partially offset by higher net pricing in cheese & grocery, candy and gum. 
Segment operating income increased $124 million ( 7.7% ), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, favorable currency, lower raw material costs, lower divestiture-related costs and the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, lower net pricing, lapping the prior-year benefit from the settlement of a Cadbury tax matter, higher intangible asset impairment charges and the impact from divestitures. 
Net revenues increased $223 million ( 3.2% ), due to higher net pricing (2.3 pp) and the impact of acquisitions (1.3 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (0.3 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (0.1 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories except chocolate. The July 16, 2019 acquisition of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks added net revenues of $53 million and the June 7, 2018 acquisition of Tate’s Bake Shop added incremental net revenues of $35 million in 2019. Unfavorable currency impact was due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in gum, chocolate and candy, mostly offset by favorable volume/mix in biscuits.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Advertising revenues are principally generated from the sale of commercial time on linear and digital platforms. A substantial portion of the linear and digital advertising contracts in the U.S. and certain international markets guarantee the advertiser a minimum audience level that either the program in which their advertisements are aired or the advertisement will reach. On the linear platform, the Company provides a service to deliver an advertising campaign which is satisfied by the provision of a minimum number of advertising spots in exchange for a fixed fee over a contract period of one year or less. The Company delivers spots in accordance with these contracts during a variety of day parts and programs. In the agreements governing these advertising campaigns, the Company has also promised to deliver to its customers a guaranteed minimum number of viewers (“impressions”) on a specific television network within a particular demographic (e.g. men aged 18-35). These advertising campaigns are considered to represent a single, distinct performance obligation. Revenues are recognized based on the audience level delivered multiplied by the average price per impression. The Company provides the advertiser with advertising until the guaranteed audience level is delivered, and invoiced advertising revenue receivables may exceed the value of the audience delivery. As such, revenues are deferred until the guaranteed audience level is delivered or the rights associated with the guarantee lapse, which is less than one year. Audience guarantees are initially developed internally, based on planned programming, historical audience levels, the success of pilot programs, and market trends. Actual audience and delivery information is published by independent ratings services. 
Digital advertising contracts typically contain promises to deliver guaranteed impressions in specific markets against a targeted demographic during a stipulated period of time. If the specified number of impressions is not delivered, the transaction price is reduced by the number of impressions not delivered multiplied by the contractually stated price per impression. Each promise is considered a separate performance obligation. For digital contracts with an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as impressions are delivered. Actual audience delivery is typically reported by independent third parties. 
For contracts without an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as each spot airs. The airing of individual spots without a guaranteed audience level are each distinct, individual performance obligations. The Company allocates the consideration to each spot based on its relative standalone selling price. Advertising revenues from digital platforms are recognized as impressions are delivered or the services are performed.
