US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
To minimize fuel price risk, the Company enters into forward purchase commitments for a portion of its projected diesel fuel requirements. The Company had diesel fuel forward purchase commitments totaling $ 33 million through March 2023, as of January 1, 2022. Additionally, the Company had electricity forward purchase commitments totaling $ 16 million through June 2024, as of January 1, 2022. The Company does not measure its forward purchase commitments for fuel and electricity at fair value, as the amounts under contract meet the physical delivery criteria in the normal purchase exception. 
Legal Proceedings —The Company is subject to a number of legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. These legal proceedings, whether pending, threatened or unasserted, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, may result in liabilities material to its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company has recognized provisions with respect to the proceedings, where appropriate, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. It is possible that the Company could settle one or more of these proceedings or could be required to make expenditures, in excess of the established provisions, in amounts that cannot be reasonably estimated. However, the Company, at present, believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
These condensed parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under terms of the agreements governing its indebtedness, the net assets of USF are restricted from being transferred to US Foods in the form of loans, advances or dividends with the exception of income tax payments, share-based compensation settlements and minor administrative costs. USF had $ 1.4 billion of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $ 2.8 billion of its net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation, as of January 1, 2022. See Note 16, Share-Based Compensation, Common Stock Issuances and Common Stock, for a discussion of the Company’s equity-related transactions. In the condensed parent company financial statements below, the investment in the operating subsidiary, USF, is accounted for using the equity method.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
We have audited Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on the COSO criteria.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses, partial or full sales of equity method investments and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, we reflected the impact of prior-quarter sales of KDP and JDE Peet’s shares within divested results as if the sales occurred at the beginning of all periods presented. 
(8) Includes our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring program costs. 
(10) Refer to Note 12, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and Note 17, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information.
