ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Under the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $ 46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an Abbott stock price of $ 39.36 , which reflects the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $ 81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total purchase consideration of $ 23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $ 2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.
In 2016, Abbott and St. Jude Medical agreed to sell certain businesses to Terumo Corporation (Terumo) for approximately $ 1.12 billion. The sale included the St. Jude Medical Angio-Seal™ and Femoseal™ vascular closure and Abbott’s Vado ® Steerable Sheath businesses. The sale closed on January 20, 2017 and no gain or loss was recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
On October 3, 2017, Abbott acquired Alere, a diagnostic device and service provider, for $ 51.00 per common share in cash, which equated to a purchase price of approximately $ 4.5 billion. As part of the acquisition, Abbott tendered for Alere’s preferred shares for a total value of approximately $ 0.7 billion. In addition, approximately $ 3.0 billion of Alere’s debt was assumed and subsequently repaid. The acquisition establishes Abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expands Abbott’s global diagnostics presence and provides access to new products, channels and geographies. Abbott utilized a combination of cash on hand and debt to fund the acquisition. See Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit for further details regarding the debt utilized for the acquisition.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances and pre-acquisition contingencies are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the Company is within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company’s consolidated statement of operations. 
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will generally recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date within operating income on the consolidated statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within net gains (or losses) on strategic investments in the consolidated statement of operations. 
Stock-based expenses are measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for stock options and the grant date closing stock price for restricted stock awards. The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to stock options and restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of four years .

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
This business segment includes our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities, NGL pipelines, NGL fractionation facilities, NGL and related product storage facilities, and NGL marine terminals.
In its raw form, natural gas produced at the wellhead (especially in association with crude oil production) contains varying amounts of NGLs such as ethane and propane. Natural gas streams containing NGLs and other impurities are usually not acceptable for transportation in downstream natural gas transmission pipelines or for commercial use as fuel; therefore, the unprocessed natural gas stream must be transported to a natural gas processing facility to remove the NGLs and other impurities. Once the natural gas is processed and the NGLs and impurities are removed, the residue natural gas meets downstream natural gas pipeline and commercial quality specifications.
In general, on an energy-equivalent basis, NGLs have greater economic value as feedstock for petrochemical and motor gasoline production than as components of a natural gas stream. Typical uses of NGLs include the following:
