ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• The Mariner East pipeline system, consisting of Mariner East 1 and Mariner East 2, has an aggregate capacity of approximately 345 MMbls/d and transports NGLs from the Marcellus and Utica Shales areas in Western Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Eastern Ohio to destinations in Pennsylvania, including our Marcus Hook Terminal on the Delaware River, where they are processed, stored and distributed to local, domestic and waterborne markets. 
• The Mariner South liquids pipeline system consists of three pipelines and delivers export-grade propane, butane and natural gasoline from our Mont Belvieu, Texas storage and fractionation complex to our marine terminal in Nederland, Texas and has a total throughput capacity of approximately 600 MBbls/d. 
• The Mariner West pipeline provides transportation of ethane from the Marcellus shale processing and fractionating areas in Houston, Pennsylvania to Marysville, Michigan and the Canadian border and has a throughput capacity of approximately 50 MBbls/d.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Between 2013 and 2017, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of a total of $ 13.7 billion of our Common Stock through December 31, 2018. On January 31, 2018, our Finance Committee, with authorization delegated from our Board of Directors, approved an increase of $ 6.0 billion in the share repurchase program, raising the authorization to $ 19.7 billion of Common Stock repurchases, and extended the program through December 31, 2020 . Repurchases under the program are determined by management and are wholly discretionary. Prior to January 1, 2019 , we had repurchased approximately $ 15.0 billion of Common Stock pursuant to this authorization. During 2019 , we repurchased approximately 30.9 million shares of Common Stock at an average cost of $ 48.51 per share, or an aggregate cost of approximately $ 1.5 billion , all of which was paid during the period except for approximately $ 19 million settled in January 2020. All share repurchases were funded through available cash and commercial paper issuances. As of December 31, 2019 , we have approximately $ 3.2 billion in remaining share repurchase capacity. 
In February 2013 and March 2014, Cadbury India Limited (now known as Mondelez India Foods Private Limited), a subsidiary of Mondelēz International, and other parties received show cause notices from the Indian Central Excise Authority (the “Excise Authority”) calling upon the parties to demonstrate why the Excise Authority should not collect a total of 3.7 billion Indian rupees ( $ 52 million as of December 31, 2019 ) ("Period 1") of unpaid excise tax and an equivalent amount of penalties, as well as interest, related to production at the same Indian facility. We contested these demands and on March 27, 2015, the Commissioner of the Excise Authority (the "Commissioner") issued an order denying the excise exemption that we claimed for Period 1. We appealed this order in June 2015. The Excise Authority issued additional show cause notices in February 2015, December 2015 and October 2017 on the same issue covering additional periods through June 2017 ("Period 2"). These three notices added a total of 4.9 billion Indian rupees ( $ 68 million as of December 31, 2019 ) of allegedly unpaid excise taxes subject to penalties up to an equivalent amount plus accrued interest. We contested these demands, and on May 25, 2019, the Commissioner issued an order denying the excise exemption that we claimed for Period 2. We appealed this order in August 2019. With the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax ("GST") in India in July 2017, we stopped receiving show 
cause notices for additional amounts on this issue. Beginning in the fall of 2019, the government of India made available an amnesty to resolve legacy tax issues following the GST implementation. Under the amnesty, upon payment of 50 % of the principal demand for cases pending adjudication or appeal as of June 30, 2019 and 60 % of the principal demand for cases where the appeal was filed after June 30, 2019, the government would waive the remainder of the principal demand as well as any penalties imposed and interest, and it would also grant immunity from prosecution. Although we continue to believe that our decision to claim the excise tax benefit was valid, in December 2019, we filed for the amnesty and accrued a total of 4.6 billion Indian rupees ( $ 65 million as of December 31, 2019 ) in selling, general and administrative expenses for this matter. In January 2020, we made the related payments under the amnesty. This matter is now resolved, and the resolution was not material to our business or financial condition.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts with financial institutions to reduce foreign exchange risk associated with intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. The Company uses forward currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as hedging instruments, to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Japanese Yen. The Company’s derivative financial instruments program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes. The Company generally enters into master netting arrangements with the financial institutions with which it contracts for such derivatives, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty, thereby reducing risk of credit-related losses from a financial institutions' nonperformance. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the obligations of the Company to the counterparties. The notional amount of foreign currency derivative contracts as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 was $ 6.0 billion and $ 6.1 billion, respectively. 
Outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains or losses due to changes in the fair value of these derivative contracts, as well as realized gains or losses from their net settlement, are recognized as other expense consistent with the offsetting gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement or settlement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. 
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of those assets as follows:  Buildings and building improvements
