VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Global business is rapidly evolving to an "everything-as-a-service" model in which Business customers seek cloud-based, converged enterprise solutions delivered securely via managed and professional services. We are continuing to deploy packet optical transport technology in order to create a global network platform to meet this demand. 
The spectrum licenses we hold can be used for mobile wireless voice, video and data communications services. We are licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to provide these wireless services on portions of the 800 MHz band, also known as cellular spectrum, the 1800-1900 MHz band, also known as Personal Communication Services (PCS) spectrum, portions of the 700 MHz upper C band and AWS 1 and 3 spectrum in the 1700 and 2100 MHz bands, in areas that, collectively, cover nearly all of the population of the U.S. This spectrum is collectively called low and mid-band spectrum. We are using our low and mid-band spectrum to provide both 3G and 4G LTE wireless services. However, we are increasingly reallocating spectrum previously used for 3G service to provide 4G LTE service. We are also repurposing low and mid-band spectrum to complement our spectrum licenses in the 28 and 39 Gigahertz (GHz) band, collectively called millimeter wave spectrum. 
Millimeter wave spectrum is being used for our 5G technology deployment. We anticipate that we will need additional spectrum to meet future demand. This increasing demand is driven by growth in customer connections and the increased usage of wireless broadband services that use more bandwidth and require faster rates of speed, as well as the wider deployment of 5G mobile and fixed services. We can meet our future 4G and 5G spectrum needs by acquiring licenses or leasing spectrum from other licensees, or by acquiring new spectrum licenses from the FCC, if and when future FCC spectrum auctions occur.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Generally, the initial reserves for a new accident year are established based on actual claim frequency and severity assumptions for different business segments, lines and coverages based on historical relationships to relevant inflation indicators. Reserves for prior accident years are statistically determined using processes described above. Changes in auto claim frequency may result from changes in mix of business, the rate of distracted driving, miles driven or other macroeconomic factors. Changes in auto current year claim severity are generally influenced by inflation in the medical and auto repair sectors of the economy and the effectiveness and efficiency of our claim practices. We mitigate these effects through various loss management programs. Injury claims are affected largely by medical cost inflation while physical damage claims are affected largely by auto repair cost inflation and used car prices. For auto physical damage coverages, we monitor our rate of increase in average cost per claim against the auto maintenance, repair, parts and equipment price indices. We believe our claim settlement initiatives, such as improvements to the claim review and settlement process, the use of special investigative units to detect fraud and handle suspect claims, litigation management and defense strategies, as well as various other loss management initiatives underway, contribute to the mitigation of injury and physical damage severity trends. 
of building materials, the cost of construction and property repair services, the cost of replacing home furnishings and other contents, the types of claims that qualify for coverage, deductibles, other economic and environmental factors and the effectiveness and efficiency of our claim practices. We employ various loss management programs to mitigate the effect of these factors. 
As loss experience for the current year develops for each type of loss, it is monitored relative to initial assumptions until it is judged to have sufficient statistical credibility. From that point in time and forward, reserves are reestimated using statistical actuarial processes to reflect the impact actual loss trends have on development factors incorporated into the actuarial estimation processes. Statistical credibility is usually achieved by the end of the first calendar year; however, when trends for the current accident year exceed initial assumptions sooner, they are usually determined to be credible, and reserves are increased accordingly.

SALESFORCE INC report:
customer. In cases where the Company allocates revenue to software updates and support revenue, the allocated revenue is recognized as the updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. 
The Company typically invoices its customers annually. Typical payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. 
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts or ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Training revenues are recognized as the services are performed.
