VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Additional discussion of our reportable segments is included in Item 7. under the headings "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Overview" and - "Segment Results of Operations" and in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries. 
Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. Our Business segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups targeted by these offerings: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale. 
Our Consumer and Business segments provide a wide variety of wireless services accessible on a broad range of devices. Customers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Retail (non-wholesale) postpaid accounts primarily represent retail customers that

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Enhanced loss cost management and expense control are priorities. To achieve this, we are continuing to modernize our operating platform (including enhanced digital capabilities) and optimizing vendor relationships. Investments are being made to increase efficiencies and reduce expenses. 
Simple The strategy to k eep things simple for customers and improve their experience with us across the board, giving them open access to shop, get service or file a claim in whatever channel is convenient. 
Focus areas include streamlined quoting and binding processes, intelligent services allowing customers to easily find the optimal channel to address their service needs, expanded customer self-service, and continued claims transformation.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.3680  was applied to convert MuleSoft’s outstanding equity awards for MuleSoft’s common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. The deferred tax liability established was primarily a result of the difference in the book basis and tax basis related to the identifiable intangible assets. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including current and noncurrent income taxes payable and deferred taxes, may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. Accordingly, the provisional measurements of fair value of the income taxes payable and deferred taxes set forth above are subject to change. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of MuleSoft's Anypoint technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with MuleSoft customers. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating MuleSoft's Anypoint technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
