SALESFORCE INC report:
In August 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama"), which provides a platform for enterprises, agencies and publishers to integrate data across marketing channels and data sources. The Company has included the financial results of Datorama, which are not material, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $3 million  and recorded in general and administrative expense. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Datorama was approximately $766 million , which consisted of the following (in millions): 
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.4133  was applied to convert Datorama's outstanding equity awards for Datorama's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company's common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including current and noncurrent income taxes payable and deferred taxes, may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. Accordingly, the provisional measurements of fair value of the income taxes payable and deferred taxes set forth above are subject to change. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
and liquidation preference $25,000  per share, for gross proceeds of $575 million . The proceeds of this issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including the redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock . 
The preferred stock ranks senior to the Company’s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and liquidation rights. The Company will pay dividends on the preferred stock on a noncumulative basis only when, as and if declared by the Company’s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) and to the extent that the Company has legally available funds to pay dividends. If dividends are declared on the preferred stock, they will be 
payable quarterly in arrears at an annual fixed rate. Dividends on the preferred stock are not cumulative. Accordingly, in the event dividends are not declared on the preferred stock for payment on any dividend payment date, then those dividends will cease to be payable. If the Company has not declared a dividend before the dividend payment date for any dividend period, the Company has no obligation to pay dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared for any future dividend period. No dividends may be paid or declared on the Company’s common stock and no shares of the Company’s common stock may be repurchased unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on the preferred stock have been declared and paid or provided for.

BOEING CO report:
• We performed inquiries of the Company’s project managers and others directly involved with the contracts to evaluate management’s ability to achieve the key cost and schedule estimates, as well as evaluate project status and project challenges which may affect total estimated costs to complete. We also observed the project work site when key estimates related to tangible or physical progress of the project. 
• We tested the accuracy and completeness of the key data used in developing estimates. We developed independent expectations of reasonable outcomes using, in part, the program’s data and compared our expectations to management’s estimates. 
• We tested the effectiveness of controls over the review of judgments made and significant assumptions used to develop key estimates, including controls over the key data used in developing the estimates and the mathematical extrapolation of such data.
