SALESFORCE INC report:
We derive our revenues primarily from subscription revenues from our enterprise cloud computing services, software licenses and support fees for our services. We also derive revenues from related professional services via our Customer Success Group. 
For our subscription and support offerings, we recognize subscription and support revenue ratably over the contract term, beginning on the commencement date of each contract. For software license sales, which resulted from our May 2018 acquisition of MuleSoft, revenues are generally recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer. We enter into professional services contracts that are on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. We recognize revenue over time as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts and ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services. 
Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in either unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition from subscription services and is recognized as the revenue recognition criteria are met. Remaining performance obligations, representing future revenues that are under contract but have not yet been recognized, are not recorded in unearned revenue. We generally invoice customers annually. Typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice.

BOEING CO report:
Fixed income securities are invested primarily in a diversified portfolio of long duration instruments. Global equity securities are invested in a diversified portfolio of U.S. and non-U.S. companies, across various industries and market capitalizations. 
Private equity investment vehicles are primarily limited partnerships (LPs) that mainly invest in U.S. and non-U.S. leveraged buyout, venture capital and special situation strategies. Real estate and real assets include global private investments that may be held through an investment in a limited partnership (LP) or other fund structures and publicly traded investments (such as Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) in the case of real estate). Real estate includes, but is not limited to, investments in office, retail, apartment and industrial properties. Real assets include, but are not limited to, investments in natural resources (such as energy, farmland and timber), commodities and infrastructure. 
Hedge fund investments seek to capitalize on inefficiencies identified across and within different asset classes or markets. Hedge fund strategy types include, but are not limited to directional, event driven, relative value, long-short and multi-strategy.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the SEC, could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
an adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing; 
changes in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, including the SEC, may require or that result from changes in the accounting rules or their application, which could result in an impact on earnings.
