SALESFORCE INC report:
In February 2020, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Evergage Inc. ("Evergage") a cloud-based real-time personalization and customer data platform. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Evergage was approximately $ 100 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. 
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations were as follows (in millions): 
(1) The Company retired $ 1.2 billion of fully depreciated intangible assets during fiscal 2023, of which $ 826 million were included in acquired developed technology and $ 366 million were included in customer relationships.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Contracts for wireless services, with or without promotional credits that require maintenance of service, are generally either month-to-month and cancellable at any time, or considered to contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to thirty-six months (typically under a device payment plan), or contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to twenty-four months (typically under a fixed-term plan). Additionally, customers may incur charges based on usage or additional optional services purchased in conjunction with entering into a contract that can be cancelled at any time and therefore are not included in the transaction price. The transaction price allocated to service performance obligations, which are not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period, are generally related to contracts that are not accounted for as month-to-month contracts. 
Our Consumer group customers also include traditional wholesale resellers that purchase and resell wireless service under their own brands to their respective customers. Reseller arrangements generally include a stated contract term, which typically 
Consumer customer contracts for wireline services are generally month-to-month; however, they may have a service term of two years or shorter than twelve months . Certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services extend into future periods, contain fixed monthly fees and usage-based fees, and can include annual commitments in each year of the contract or commitments over the entire specified contract term; however, a significant number of contracts for wireline services with our Business customers have a contract term that is twelve months or less.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Through the "Investors: Corporate Governance" section of our website, it is also possible to access copies of the charters for our Audit Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee, and Enterprise Risk Management Committee. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Conduct are also available on our website. Each of these documents is also made available free of charge through our website. 
The foregoing information regarding our website and its content is for your convenience only. The information contained in or connected to our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this report or filed with the SEC. 
In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, where you may obtain a copy of all of the materials we file publicly with the SEC. The SEC website address is www.sec.gov.
