COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and Other International operating segments (see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report). Certain operations in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery. 
In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars. This impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's currency exchange rates. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's average price per gallon sold. Results expressed excluding the impacts of foreign exchange and gasoline prices should be reviewed in conjunction with results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2023 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2023. References to 2022 and 2021 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 28, 2022, and August 29, 2021. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The effect to net income totals $95 million  and is reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows: $37 million  in realized capital gains and losses, $63 million  in interest credited to contractholder funds and $(5) million  in life contract benefits. 
The effect to net income totals $22 million  and is reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows: $4 million  in realized capital gains and losses, $19 million  in net investment income, $(10) million  in interest credited to contractholder funds and $9 million  in life contract benefits. 
The effect to net income totals $8 million  and is reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows: $(9) million  in realized capital gains and losses, $12 million  in net investment income, $(4) million  in interest credited to contractholder funds and $9 million  in life contract benefits.

BOEING CO report:
Derivatives include foreign currency and commodity contracts. Our foreign currency forward contracts are valued using an income approach based on the present value of the forward rate less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. Commodity derivatives are valued using an income approach based on the present value of the commodity index prices less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. 
Certain assets have been measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). The following table presents the nonrecurring losses recognized for the years ended December 31 due to long-lived asset impairment, and the fair value and asset classification of the related assets as of the impairment date: 
Investments, Property, plant and equipment, Other assets and Acquired intangible assets were primarily valued using an income approach based on the discounted cash flows associated with the underlying assets. The fair value of the impaired customer financing assets includes operating lease equipment and investments in sales type-leases/finance leases, and is derived by calculating a median collateral value from a consistent group of third party aircraft value publications. The values provided by the third party aircraft publications are derived from their knowledge of market trades and other market factors. Management reviews the publications quarterly to assess the continued appropriateness and consistency with market trends. Under certain circumstances, we adjust values based on the attributes and condition of the specific aircraft or equipment, usually when the features or use of the aircraft vary significantly from the more generic aircraft attributes covered by third party publications, or on the expected net sales price for the aircraft.
