BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
known, branded products, as well as private label and customized products. Our principal competitors in the Edible Oil Products segment include, but are not limited to: ADM, AAK AB, Cargill, Fuji Oil Co. Ltd. and Wilmar, as well as local competitors in each region. 
Products —Our Milling Products segment activities include the production and sale of a variety of wheat flours and bakery mixes in Brazil and Mexico, corn-based products in the United States and Mexico derived from both the dry and wet corn milling processes and milled rice products in the United States and Brazil. 
Our brands in Brazil include Suprema, Soberana, Primor  and Predileta  wheat flours and Gradina,  and Pre-Mescla  bakery premixes. Our wheat flour and bakery mix brands in Mexico include Espiga, Esponja, Francesera, Chulita, Galletera  and Pastelera.  Our corn milling products consist primarily of dry-milled corn meals and flours, wet-milled masa and flours, flaking and brewer's grits, as well as soy-fortified corn meal, corn-soy blend and other similar products. As part of our corn portfolio, we also sell whole grain and fiber ingredients. In the United States, we offer in our portfolio ancient grains, such as quinoa and millet. We also produce a range of extruded products that include die cut pellets for the snack food industry. Additionally, we offer non-GMO products in the United States, including corn varieties. We mill and sell bulk and packaged rice in the United States and sell branded rice in Brazil under the Primor  brand.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We leverage a number of communications channels and strategic content to better serve and engage our many stakeholders. Our sustainability website, www.salesforce.com/company/sustainability, provides information regarding our environmental and other sustainability efforts, including our annual impact reports and our environmental policy. At our equality portal, www.salesforce.com/company/equality, our stakeholders can gain insights on our approach to equality, see our company profile by gender, and review our most recent Employer Information Report, which provides a snapshot in time of our U.S. demographics based on categories prescribed by the federal government. In addition, stakeholders can learn about equality through one of our many free Trailheads. Our annual proxy statement, available on the Investor Relations website, www.investor.salesforce.com, or www.sec.gov, provides additional details on our corporate governance practices, including our board composition. 
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, additional headcount in foreign countries and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Japanese Yen against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. 
Our European revenue, operating expenses and significant balance sheet accounts denominated in currencies other than the USD primarily flow through our United Kingdom ("UK") subsidiary, which has a functional currency of the British Pound. This results in a two-step currency exchange process wherein the currencies in Europe other than the British Pound are first converted into the British Pound and then British Pounds are translated into USD for our Consolidated  Financial Statements. As an example, costs incurred in France are translated from the Euro to the British Pound and then into the USD. Our statements of operations and balance sheet accounts are also impacted by the re-measurement of non-functional currency transactions such as USD denominated intercompany loans, cash accounts held by our overseas subsidiaries, accounts receivable denominated in foreign currencies and unearned revenue and accounts payable denominated in foreign currencies.

BOEING CO report:
737 Program We reduced the program accounting quantity from 10,400 at December 31, 2019 to 10,000 at March 31, 2020. This reflects a slower than previously planned production rate ramp-up caused by commercial airline industry uncertainty due to the impact of COVID-19. See further discussion of the 737 MAX Grounding and COVID-19 Impacts and Product Warranties in Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements . 
747 Program We are currently producing at a rate of 0.5 aircraft per month. We will complete production of the 747 in 2022. We believe that ending production of the 747 will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
767 Program The accounting quantity for the 767 program increased by 12 units during 2020 due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. The 767 assembly line includes the commercial program and a derivative to support the tanker program. We are currently producing at a rate of 3 aircraft per month.
