US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the relevant provisions of this standard on a prospective basis at the beginning of the third quarter of fiscal year 2020. The Company's adoption of the relevant provisions of the new standard did not materially affect the Company's financial position or results of operations. 
In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract , which provides new guidance on the accounting for implementation, set-up, and other upfront costs incurred in a hosted cloud computing arrangement. Under the new guidance, entities will apply the same criteria for capitalizing implementation costs as they would for an internal-use software license arrangement. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company adopted the provisions of this standard on a prospective basis at the beginning of fiscal year 2020. The Company's adoption of the provisions of the new standard did not materially affect its financial position or results of operations. 
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which requires entities to use a forward-looking, expected loss model to estimate credit losses. It also requires entities to consider additional disclosures related to credit quality of trade and other receivables, including information related to management’s estimate of credit allowances. ASU 2016-13 was further amended in November 2018 by ASU 2018-19, Codification Improvements to Topic 236, Financial Instrument-Credit Losses . This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company adopted the provisions of this standard on a modified retrospective basis at the beginning of fiscal year 2020, which resulted in the recording of a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings of $ 1 million. The adoption of the provision of the new standard did not materially affect the Company's financial position or results of operations. See Note 7, Allowance For Doubtful Accounts, for further discussion over the Company's allowance for doubtful accounts.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• women’s health products, including Duphaston™, for the treatment of many different gynecological disorders; and Femoston™, a hormone replacement therapy for postmenopausal women; 
• cardiovascular and metabolic products, including Lipanthyl™ and TriCor™, for the treatment of dyslipidemia; Teveten™ and Teveten™ Plus, for the treatment of essential hypertension, and Physiotens™, for the treatment of hypertension; and Synthroid™, for the treatment of hypothyroidism; 
• pain and central nervous system products, including Serc™, for the treatment of Ménière’s disease and vestibular vertigo; Brufen™, for the treatment of pain, fever, and inflammation; and Sevedol™, for the treatment of severe migraines; and

SALESFORCE INC report:
In addition to our solution specific service offerings, we have specialized solutions that work across all offerings to support the capabilities our customers’ business needs. These additional service offerings include: 
Customer Data Cloud. At Dreamforce 2022, we announced the Genie Customer Data Cloud (“Genie”), a hyperscale real-time data platform that powers the entire Salesforce Customer 360 platform. With Genie, companies can power seamless, highly personalized experiences across sales, service, marketing and commerce that continuously adapt to changing customer information and needs in real time. Genie ingests and stores real-time data streams at scale and combines it with Salesforce transactional data and includes built-in connectors that bring in data from every channel, legacy data through MuleSoft, and historical data from proprietary data lakes. With Tableau for Genie, customers in every business can visualize, automate, explore and act on data in real time. 
Industry Verticals. Our industry vertical service offerings are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. They include out-of-the-box capabilities that provide the speed and flexibility to keep up with changing times and customer demands, accelerating time to value.
