ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Following this exchange, approximately $194.2 million of existing St. Jude Medical notes remained outstanding across the five series of existing notes which have the same coupons and maturities as those listed above. There were no significant costs associated with the exchange of debt. In addition, during the 
On January 4, 2017, as part of funding the cash portion of the St. Jude Medical acquisition, Abbott borrowed $2.0 billion under a 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility. This facility was repaid during the first quarter of 2017. 
In 2017, Abbott issued 364-day yen-denominated debt, of which $199 million and $195 million was outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In 2017, Abbott also paid off a $479 million yen-denominated short-term borrowing during the year.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We continue to cultivate a culture of inclusion through training programs for our leaders and associates and by sponsoring nine Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”): ADAPT - Ability and Disability Allies Partnering Together; BRIDGE - Black Resource for Inclusion, Diversity, Growth and Empowerment; Collective Asian Network; HOLA - Hispanic Organization for Leadership and Advancement; LINK-UP – Linking Information, Networks and Knowledge; Multigenerational Empowerment Resource Group for Employees; Pride Alliance; Those Who Serve - Military ERG; and Women in Network. These associate-led groups strengthen networking among colleagues and further personal and professional development. Ongoing listening sessions between the ERGs and our executive leadership team allow for open dialogue and the identification of new opportunities to bolster our diversity and inclusion strategy and strengthen associate engagement. 
We are committed to continuously driving an enhanced safety culture built on education, awareness and associate engagement. Our Get Home Safe campaign, directed at drivers and operations personnel, outlines actions aimed at reducing risks and improving safety routines. In our facilities, our safety performance teams receive annual training and are focused on improving safety engagement and performance throughout our operations. Our Driver Safety Program has been implemented across all markets to train our drivers on transportation safety. We utilize technology to improve driver safety from distracted driver alerts to collision mitigation technology. 
During fiscal years 2020 and 2021, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented, and continue to maintain, protocols and enhanced safety measures to protect the health and safety of our associates and customers. During 2021, we partnered with third-party providers to host more than 90 on-site COVID-19 vaccination clinics for associates and their family members, supporting thousands of associates in becoming vaccinated. We continue to proactively monitor guidance and requirements from the Centers for Disease Control (“CDC”), OSHA and various other federal, state and local authorities and public health agencies and adjust our protocols and safety measures as appropriate to help mitigate the impact of the pandemic on our associates and customers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In May 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MuleSoft, which provides a platform for building application networks that connect enterprise apps, data and devices, across any cloud and on-premise solution. The Company has included the financial results of MuleSoft in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $ 24 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MuleSoft was approximately $ 6.4 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions): 
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.3680 was applied to convert MuleSoft’s outstanding equity awards for MuleSoft’s common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. The deferred tax liability established was primarily a result of the difference in the book basis and tax basis related to the identifiable intangible assets.
