ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Coronavirus has affected operations and may continue to significantly affect results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The impact from the pandemic should be considered when comparing the current year to the prior years, including: 
A pandemic such as the Coronavirus and its impacts are disclosed in Part 1 “Item 1A. Risk Factors’’, including the risk factors titled “ A large-scale pandemic, the occurrence of terrorism, military actions, social unrest or other actions may have an adverse effect on our business ” and “ Conditions in the global economy and capital markets could continue to adversely affect our business and results of operations ”. 
Supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and other macroeconomic factors have increased inflation, which may have an adverse impact on investment valuations and returns. As inflation continued to remain elevated, the Federal Reserve significantly increased interest rates and credit spreads widened reflecting ongoing recession concerns. These factors along with other ongoing impacts from the pandemic create significant economic uncertainty and the resulting market volatility may continue to impact our investment valuations and returns.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and the communities in which we work and live. We believe that values drive value, and that effectively managing our priority Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) topics will help create long-term value for our investors. We also believe that transparently disclosing the goals and relevant metrics related to our ESG programs will allow our stakeholders to be informed about our progress. 
The topics covered in this section are informed by an internal ESG materiality assessment completed in fiscal 2020, which assessed both the impact on our business and the importance to our stakeholders, as well as by relevant topics identified through third-party ESG reporting frameworks, standards and metrics, such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”), and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). More information on our key ESG programs, goals and commitments, and key metrics can be found on our website in our annual Stakeholder Impact Report. 
• Protecting our workforce. In an effort to protect the safety and well-being of our employees, we closed our offices around the world and provided an allowance for employees to use for equipment to improve their ability to work from home. We provided regular communication and updates to employees, including through company-wide video calls led by senior management, with participation of Board members and guest experts in psychology and other medical fields throughout fiscal 2021. Additionally, we expanded our leave programs to include accommodations for child or elder care hardships during the pandemic.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Cost of services includes the following costs directly attributable to a service: salaries and wages, benefits, materials and supplies, content costs, contracted services, network access and transport costs, customer provisioning costs, computer systems support, costs to support our outsourcing contracts and technical facilities and traffic acquisition costs. Aggregate customer service costs, which include billing and service provisioning, are allocated between Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense. 
• an increase in rent expense of $212 million related to adding capacity to the networks to support demand and lease modifications for certain existing cell towers in April 2021 to support the build out of our 5G wireless network. 
Selling, general and administrative expense includes salaries and wages and benefits not directly attributable to a service or product, the provision for credit losses, taxes other than income taxes, advertising and sales commission costs, call center and information technology costs, regulatory fees, professional service fees and rent and utilities for administrative space. Also included is a portion of the aggregate customer care costs as discussed above in "Cost of Services."
