MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Fair value estimates for fixed-income securities that are buy-in annuity policies are calculated on a replacement policy value basis by discounting the projected cash flows of the plan members using a discount rate based on risk-free rates and adjustments for estimated levels of insurer pricing. 
The decrease in level 3 pension plan investments during 2022 was related to rising bond yields, benefits paid and currency impact. The increase in Level 3 pension plan investments during 2021 was primarily due to purchases of corporate bond, annuity contracts and other fixed income securities. 
For our U.S. plans, our investment strategy is to reduce our funded status risk in part through appropriate asset allocation within our plan assets. We attempt to maintain our target asset allocation by rebalancing between asset classes as we make monthly benefit payments. The strategy involves using indexed U.S. equity and international equity securities and actively managed U.S. investment grade fixed-income securities (which constitute 95 % or more of fixed-income securities) with smaller allocations to high yield fixed-income securities.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The JC Nolan Terminal, located in Midland, Texas, is a joint venture between a wholly-owned entity of the Partnership and wholly-owned entity of Sunoco LP, which provides diesel fuel storage that was placed into service in August 2019. 
This segment also includes the following joint ventures: 15% membership interest in the Explorer Pipeline Company, a 1,850-mile pipeline which originates from refining centers in Beaumont, Port Arthur, and Houston, Texas and extends to Chicago, Illinois; 31% membership interest in the Wolverine Pipe Line Company, a 1,055-mile pipeline that originates from Chicago, Illinois and extends to Detroit, Grand Haven, and Bay City, Michigan; 17% membership interest in the West Shore Pipe Line Company, a 650-mile pipeline which originates in Chicago, Illinois and extends to Madison and Green Bay, Wisconsin; a 14% membership interest in the Yellowstone Pipe Line Company, a 710-mile pipeline which originates from Billings, Montana and extends to Moses Lake, Washington. 
 Our crude oil operations consist of an integrated set of pipeline, terminalling, trucking and acquisition and marketing assets that service the movement of crude oil from producers to end-user markets. The following details our assets in the crude oil transportation and services segment:

SALESFORCE INC report:
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers. The Salesforce Customer Data Platform connects customer data so any team can access insights into how a customer interacts across various platforms. 
Commerce. Our Commerce offering empowers brands to unify the customer experience across many points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. Through personalized shopping experiences and a robust partner ecosystem, our Commerce offering helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, loyalty and revenue from their customers. Our Commerce offering also delivers click-to-code tools that provide customers with the ability to choose how they build and deploy our solutions quickly around their customers as markets, industries and customers change. 
Analytics . Our Analytics offering, including Tableau, provides customers an advanced, end-to-end analytics solution serving a broad range of enterprise use cases. Analytics offers customers intelligent analytics capabilities to better understand their business data. By providing self-service data preparation and analytical technology to customers, Analytics is designed to improve our customers' decision-making and allow customers to take action from any device.
