ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Permian Basin Gathering System increased $21.3 million year-to-year primarily due to a 287 BBtus/d increase in natural gas gathering volumes, which accounted for a $28.5 million increase, partially offset by higher costs at our Waha facility during the fourth quarter of 2018, which accounted for a $6.1 million decrease. Natural gas production in the Permian Basin region continues to rise as a result of the significant increases in crude oil production across West Texas and southeastern New Mexico. 
Gross operating margin from our Texas Intrastate System decreased $51.4 million year-to-year primarily due to lower firm capacity reservation fees, which accounted for a $30.1 million decrease, lower natural gas transportation volumes, which accounted for an $8.5 million decrease, lower average transportation fees, which accounted for a $7.1 million decrease, and increased operating costs, which accounted for an additional $3.4 million decrease. The $30.1 million decrease in firm capacity reservation fees in 2017 is primarily due to the settlement of a customer contract in the fourth quarter of 2016. Natural gas transportation volumes for the Texas Intrastate System decreased 324 BBtus/d year-to-year primarily due to reduced producer activity in the Eagle Ford and Barnett Shale areas in 2017. 
Gross operating margin from our Jonah Gathering System decreased $12.3 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average gathering fees, which accounted for a $6.5 million decrease, a 32 BBtus/d decline in natural gas gathering volumes, which accounted for a $3.4 million decrease, and higher operating costs, which accounted for an additional $3.2 million decrease.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We have developed what we believe to be a comprehensive process designed to identify, assess and manage HSE risks in our operations. We set targets for performance improvements and regularly measure, audit and report on our performance both internally and in accordance with applicable laws. We also expect our contractors to manage HSE matters in line with our policies and strive to maintain an open dialogue with our stakeholders to better align our policies with the priorities within the communities where we operate. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented our business continuity and emergency response plans in alignment with mandates from local authorities. To ensure the safety of our employees, we have provided instructions and regular updates on how to work safely in the COVID-19 environment, including protective wear and additional training for our employees working in our on-site fueling and trucking operations. We also maximized remote work throughout our global offices and expanded our employee assistance programs to provide additional mental health and other forms of support to our employees and their families to assist in coping with the stressors brought on by the pandemic. 
We place a high degree of focus on growth in position and career enhancement paths for our employees by providing professional development opportunities and cultivating a diverse talent pool. In this regard, we are committed to working on increasing transparency around our talent recruitment, development and retention efforts, as well as our diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. We have developed a set of commitments for our business, including initiatives aimed at increasing the representation of minorities and military veterans throughout our organization, as well as the representation of women in senior management. These initiatives include providing unconscious bias training to our managers, mandating diverse interview panels in our recruiting process and actively participating in veteran programs that provide employment opportunities and educational support to military veterans and their families.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
When we use derivatives, we are exposed to credit and market risks. We reduce our credit risk by entering into transactions with counterparties with high quality, investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure with each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition of our counterparties. We also maintain a policy of requiring that all significant, non-exchange traded derivative contracts with a duration of one year or longer are governed by an International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreement. We manage derivative market risk by limiting the types of derivative instruments, derivative strategies we use, and the degree of market risk that we plan to hedge through the use of derivative instruments. 
We record derivative financial instruments on a gross basis in our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our instruments are recorded within other current assets, other assets, other current liabilities, and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
Mark-to-market gains or losses related to our economic hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows in other non-cash items, net, within operating activities. Cash flows related to the settlement of derivative instruments designated as hedges of net investments in non-U.S. operations are classified in the consolidated
