SALESFORCE INC report:
In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital. 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Salesforce, Inc. (the Company) as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our crude oil transportation and services segment increased due to the net impacts of the following: 
• an increase of $368 million in segment margin (excluding unrealized gains and losses on commodity risk management activities) primarily due to a $173 million increase due to higher volumes on our Bakken Pipeline, an $80 million increase related to assets acquired in 2021, a $78 million increase in throughput at our Gulf Coast terminals due to Strategic Petroleum Reserve volumes, stronger refinery utilization and higher export demand, a $57 million increase from our Texas crude pipeline system due to higher volumes and a $17 million increase due to higher volumes on our Bayou Bridge pipeline, partially offset by a $7 million decrease on other crude pipelines from lower volumes, and a $30 million decrease from our crude oil acquisition and marketing business primarily due to less favorable pricing conditions impacting our trading operations and unfavorable inventory valuation adjustments from crude oil prices; partially offset by 
• an increase of $98 million in operating expenses primarily due to $32 million in higher volume-driven expenses, $31 million in higher project expenses and $17 million from expenses related to assets acquired in 2021;

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenues increased $328 million ( 3.3% ), due to favorable volume/mix (3.1 pp) and favorable currency (2.3 pp), partially offset by the impact of divestitures (1.5 pp) and lower net pricing (0.6 pp). Favorable volume/mix was driven by chocolate, biscuits and candy, partially offset by declines in cheese & grocery, gum and refreshment beverages. Favorable currency impacts reflected the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro, British pound sterling, Polish zloty and Czech koruna, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, primarily the Russian ruble and Turkish lira. The impact of divestitures, due to the sale of a confectionery business in France and the termination of certain Kraft Heinz Company-owned grocery brand licenses, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $137 million for 2018. Lower net pricing was driven by chocolate and biscuits, partially offset by higher net pricing in cheese & grocery, candy and gum. 
Segment operating income increased $124 million ( 7.7% ), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, favorable currency, lower raw material costs, lower divestiture-related costs and the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, lower net pricing, lapping the prior-year benefit from the settlement of a Cadbury tax matter, higher intangible asset impairment charges and the impact from divestitures. 
Net revenues increased $223 million ( 3.2% ), due to higher net pricing (2.3 pp) and the impact of acquisitions (1.3 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (0.3 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (0.1 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories except chocolate. The July 16, 2019 acquisition of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks added net revenues of $53 million and the June 7, 2018 acquisition of Tate’s Bake Shop added incremental net revenues of $35 million in 2019. Unfavorable currency impact was due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in gum, chocolate and candy, mostly offset by favorable volume/mix in biscuits.
