WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K) that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into transactions with related parties, primarily the Liberty Entities and our equity method investees. Information regarding transactions and amounts with related parties is discussed in Note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
We adopted certain accounting and reporting standards during 2020. Information regarding our adoption of new accounting and reporting standards is discussed in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Propylene production and related marketing activities . Propylene is a key feedstock used by the petrochemical industry. There are three grades of propylene: polymer grade propylene (“PGP”), with a minimum purity of 99.5%; chemical grade propylene (“CGP”), with a minimum purity of approximately 93-94%; and refinery grade propylene (“RGP”), with a purity of approximately 70%. Propylene fractionation units separate RGP, which is a mixture of propane and propylene, into either PGP or CGP. Our PDH facility produces PGP using propane feedstocks. The demand for PGP primarily relates to the manufacture of polypropylene, which has a variety of end uses including packaging film, fiber for carpets and upholstery, molded plastic parts for appliances, and automotive, houseware and medical products. CGP is a basic petrochemical used in the manufacturing of plastics, synthetic fibers and foams.
To the extent we fractionate RGP for customers, we enter into toll processing arrangements. In our petrochemical marketing activities, we purchase RGP on the open market for fractionation at our splitter units and sell the resulting PGP to customers at market-based prices. The results of this marketing activity are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between the sales prices of the PGP and the associated purchase and other costs, including the costs attributable to use of our propylene production assets and related infrastructure. To limit the exposure of these marketing activities to price risk, we attempt to match the timing and price of our feedstock purchases with those of the sales of end products.
Our petrochemical marketing activities also include the purchase of propane for our PDH facility to process into PGP, which is then sold to customers under long-term sales contracts (take-or-pay arrangements) that feature minimum volume commitments and contractual pricing that minimizes our commodity price risk.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Demand for our products is generally balanced over the first three quarters of the year and increases in the fourth quarter primarily because of holidays and other seasonal events. Depending on when Easter falls, Easter holiday sales may shift between the first and second quarter. We build inventory based on expected demand and typically fill customer orders within a few days of receipt so the backlog of unfilled orders is not material. Funding for working capital items, including inventory and receivables, is normally sourced from operating cash flows and short-term commercial paper borrowings. For additional information on our liquidity, working capital management, cash flow and financing activities, see Liquidity and Capital Resources , Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , and Note 8, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , appearing later in this 10-K filing. 
We face competition in all aspects of our business. Competitors include large multinational as well as numerous local and regional companies. Some competitors have different profit objectives and investment time horizons than we do and therefore approach pricing and promotional decisions differently. We compete based on product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, service, product innovation, taste, convenience, nutritional value, the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences, effectiveness of digital and other sales and marketing, routes to market and distribution networks, promotional activity and price. Improving our market position or introducing a new product 
We generally sell our products to supermarket chains, wholesalers, supercenters, club stores, mass merchandisers, distributors, convenience stores, gasoline stations, drug stores, value stores and other retail food outlets. We distribute our products through direct store delivery, company-owned and satellite warehouses, distribution centers and other facilities. We use the services of independent sales offices and agents in some of our international locations.
