SALESFORCE INC report:
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
• live events and original programming on our Salesforce+ streaming service, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the digital-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities; 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
If the operating costs of a natural gas processing facility are higher than the incremental value of the NGLs that would be extracted, then recovery levels of certain NGLs, primarily ethane, may be purposefully reduced. This scenario is typically referred to as “ethane rejection” and results in a reduction in NGL volumes available to us for subsequent transportation, fractionation, storage and marketing.
Our NGL marketing activities entail spot and term sales of NGLs that we take title to through our natural gas processing activities (i.e., our equity NGL-equivalent production) and open market and contract purchases. The results of operations for NGL marketing are primarily dependent on the difference between NGL sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our other assets by the marketing group. Market prices for NGLs are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. We attempt to mitigate these price risks through the use of commodity derivative instruments. For a discussion of our commodity hedging program, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report.
The approximate net gas processing capacity does not necessarily correspond to our ownership interest in each facility. The capacity is based on a variety of factors such as the level of volumes an owner processes at the facility and contractual arrangements with joint owners.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Losses on Extinguishments of Debt. Year ended December 31, 2020 amounts were related to ETO Senior Note redemption in January 2020. In addition, Sunoco LP recognized a $13 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to the repurchase of its outstanding 2023 senior notes in 2020. 
Impairment of Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliate. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Partnership recorded an impairment to its investment in White Cliffs of $129 million due to a decrease in projected future revenues and cash flows as a result of the overall market demand decline that occurred subsequent to the SemGroup acquisition and related purchase price allocation in December 2019. 
Adjusted EBITDA Related to Unconsolidated Affiliates and Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Affiliates. See additional information in “Supplemental Information on Unconsolidated Affiliates” and “Segment Operation Results” below.
