US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets —Goodwill and other intangible assets include the cost of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the net tangible assets acquired. Other intangible assets include customer relationships, noncompete agreements, the brand names comprising our portfolio of exclusive brands, and trademarks. As required, we assess goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment annually, or more frequently if events occur that indicate an asset may be impaired. For goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, our policy is to assess for impairment at the beginning of each fiscal third quarter. For other intangible assets with definite lives, we assess for impairment only if events occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. All goodwill is assigned to the consolidated Company as the reporting unit. 
Self-Insurance Programs —The Company estimates its liabilities for claims covering general, fleet, and workers’ compensation. Amounts in excess of certain levels, which range from $1 million  to $10 million  per occurrence, are insured as a risk reduction strategy, to mitigate catastrophic losses. The workers’ compensation liability is discounted, as the amount and timing of cash payments is reliably determinable given the nature of benefits and the level of historic claim volume to support the actuarial assumptions and judgments used to derive the expected loss payment pattern. The amount accrued is discounted using an interest rate that approximates the U.S. Treasury rate consistent with the duration of the liability. The inherent uncertainty of future loss projections could cause actual claims to differ from our estimates. 
We are self-insured for group medical claims not covered under collective bargaining agreements. The Company accrues its self-insured medical liability, including an estimate for incurred but not reported claims, based on known claims and past claims history. These accruals are included in accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Lease ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets are recognized at commencement date at the value of the lease liability, adjusted for any prepayments, lease incentives received and initial direct costs incurred. Lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. The non-recurring fair value measurement is classified as Level 3 as no fair value inputs are observable. As the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable in most of our leases, we use our country-specific incremental borrowing rate based on the lease term using information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Many of our leases contain non-lease components (e.g. product costs, common-area or other maintenance costs) that relate to the lease components of the agreement. Non-lease components and the lease components to which they relate are accounted for as a single lease component. 
Amortization of ROU lease assets is calculated on a straight-line basis over the lease term with the expense recorded in cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses depending on the nature of the leased item. Interest expense is recorded over the lease term and is recorded in interest expense (based on a front-loaded interest expense pattern) for finance leases and is recorded in cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses (on a straight-line basis) for operating leases. All operating lease cash payments and interest on finance leases are recorded within cash flows from operating activities and all finance lease principal payments are recorded within cash flows from financing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
We capitalize certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use. Capitalized software costs are included in property, plant and equipment and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, which do not exceed seven years .

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION — The statements of earnings of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustment account, which is included in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
REVENUE RECOGNITION — Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms set forth in the customer contract. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for shipments in excess of a customer’s normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary. In certain of Abbott’s businesses, primarily within diagnostics, Abbott participates in selling arrangements that include multiple performance obligations (e.g., instruments, reagents, procedures, and service agreements). The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.
INCOME TAXES — Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effect of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements at the enacted statutory rate to be in effect when the taxes are paid. No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA), or any additional outside basis differences that exist, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, the TCJA subjects taxpayers to tax on global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. Abbott treats the GILTI tax as a period expense and provides for the tax in the year that the tax is incurred. Interest and penalties on income tax obligations are included in taxes on earnings.
