BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
To execute our strategy we have a defined sustainability framework that incorporates activities and commitments supporting robust action on climate change, promoting responsible supply chains and ensuring accountability. 
The Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee ("SCRC") of the Board oversees sustainability at Bunge, with certain ESG- related responsibilities integrated across other Board committees. The SCRC meets on a regular basis and is tasked with oversight of governance, policies, strategies and programs related to a comprehensive set of sustainability and corporate social responsibility factors which support the sustainable growth of the Company, including, but not limited to, climate change, environmental matters, human rights, social development, risk management, external trends, external stakeholder engagement, philanthropy, and reporting and disclosure. Additionally, the Enterprise Risk Management Committee ("ERMC") of the Board periodically evaluates climate-related risks and opportunities in connection with its oversight of enterprise risks and risk mitigation strategies. The Audit Committee periodically evaluates applicable trends, risks and developments in non-financial reporting practices and requirements which may impact the Company’s regulatory filings, including ESG-related disclosures. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee ("HRCC") oversees the establishment of sustainability linked-performance goals for our executives and workforce. The sustainability function is executed by the Chief Sustainability Officer who reports to our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). 
We are working to position Bunge to address the sustainability challenges facing the food, feed, and fuel supply chains in which we operate. We intend to address those by, among other things, connecting farmers and our end-customers. For example, Bunge is actively engaged in supplying low carbon feedstock for renewable fuels, sourcing and supplying grains planted under regenerative agricultural practices, and supplying certified and verified deforestation-free grains and by-products, among other initiatives.

SALESFORCE INC report:
No single customer accounted for more than five percent of accounts receivable at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. No single customer accounted for five percent or more of total revenue during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, assets located outside the Americas were 15 percent and 13 percent of total assets, respectively. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, assets located in the United States were 83 percent and 86 percent of total assets, respectively. 
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio, including within specific industries, as the Company primarily invests in enterprise cloud companies, technology st artups and system integrators. As of January 31, 2023, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments portfolio and represented 16 percent of the portfolio in aggregate. As of January 31, 2022, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its strategic investment portfolio and represented 21 percent of the portfolio in aggregate. 
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: subscription and support revenues and professional services and other revenues. Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software license revenues from the sales of term and perpetual licenses and support revenues from the sales of support and updates beyond the basic subscription fees or related to the sales of software licenses. Professional services and other revenues include professional and advisory services for process mapping, project management and implementation services and training services.

BOEING CO report:
(2) charges to cost of products for adverse changes in the fair value of trade-in aircraft that occur subsequent to signing of a definitive agreement for Sale Aircraft but prior to the purchase of the used trade-in aircraft. Estimates based on current aircraft values would be included in Accrued liabilities. 
The fair value of trade-in aircraft is determined using aircraft-specific data such as model, age and condition, market conditions for specific aircraft and similar models, and multiple valuation sources. This process uses our assessment of the market for each trade-in aircraft, which in most instances begins years before the return of the aircraft. There are several possible markets in which we continually pursue opportunities to place used aircraft. These markets include, but are not limited to, the resale market, which could potentially include the cost of long-term storage; the leasing market, with the potential for refurbishment costs to meet the leasing customer’s requirements; or the scrap market. Trade-in aircraft valuation varies significantly depending on which market we determine is most likely for each aircraft. On a quarterly basis, we update our valuation analysis based on the actual activities associated with placing each aircraft into a market or using current published third-party aircraft valuations based on the type and age of the aircraft, adjusted for individual attributes and known conditions. 
In conjunction with certain product sales, we provide warranties that cover factors such as non-conformance to specifications and defects in material and design. The majority of our warranties are issued by our BCA segment. Generally, aircraft sales are accompanied by a 3 to 4 -year standard warranty for systems, accessories, equipment, parts, and software manufactured by us or manufactured to certain standards under our authorization. These warranties are included in the programs’ estimate at completion. On occasion we have made commitments beyond the standard warranty obligation to correct fleet-wide major issues of a particular model, resulting in additional accrued warranty expense. Warranties issued by our BDS segment principally relate to sales of military aircraft and weapons systems. These sales are generally accompanied by a six month to two-year warranty period and cover systems, accessories, equipment, parts and software manufactured by us to certain contractual specifications. Estimated costs related to standard warranties are recorded in the period in which the related product delivery occurs. The warranty liability recorded at each balance sheet date reflects the estimated number of months of warranty coverage outstanding for products delivered times the average of historical monthly warranty payments, as well as additional amounts for certain major warranty issues that exceed a normal claims level. Estimated costs of these additional warranty issues are considered changes to the initial liability estimate.
