ALLSTATE CORP report:
Equity securities of $7.06 billion primarily include common stocks, exchange traded and mutual funds, non-redeemable preferred stocks and real estate investment trust (“REIT”) equity investments. Certain exchange traded and mutual funds have fixed income securities as their underlying investments. 
Mortgage loans of $821 million mainly comprise loans secured by first mortgages on developed commercial real estate. Key considerations used to manage our exposure include property type and geographic diversification. For further detail on our mortgage loan portfolio, see Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements. 
Limited partnership interests include $6.34 billion of interests in private equity funds, $920 million of interests in real estate funds and $759 million of interests in other funds as of December 31, 2021. We

BOEING CO report:
Concession sharing arrangements We account for sales concessions to our customers in consideration of their purchase of products and services as a reduction of the transaction price and the revenue that is recognized for the related performance obligations. The sales concessions incurred may be partially reimbursed by certain suppliers in accordance with concession sharing arrangements. We record these reimbursements, which are presumed to represent reductions in the price of the vendor’s products or services, as a reduction in Cost of products. 
Unbilled receivables and advances and progress billings Unbilled receivables (contract assets) arise when the Company recognizes revenue for amounts which cannot yet be billed under terms of the contract with the customer. Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities) arise when the Company receives payments from customers in advance of recognizing revenue. The amount of Unbilled receivables or Advances and progress billings is determined for each contract. 
Financial services revenue We record financial services revenue associated with sales-type/finance leases, operating leases and loans in Sales of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For sales-type leases, we recognize selling profit or loss at lease inception if collection of the lease payments is probable. For sales-type and direct finance leases, we record customer financing receivables at lease inception. A customer financing receivable is recorded at the aggregate of future minimum lease payments, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and any deferred incremental direct costs less unearned income. Income is recognized over the life of the lease to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. For notes receivable, we record customer financing receivables net of any unamortized discounts and deferred incremental direct costs. Interest income and amortization of any discounts are recorded ratably over the related term of the note.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of September 2, 2019 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 – Leases (ASC 842). 
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
