SALESFORCE INC report:
1     1     Additional paid-in capital 32,116     13,927     Accumulated other comprehensive loss   ( 93 )   ( 58 )   Retained earnings   1,861     1,735     Total stockholders’ equity 33,885     15,605     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 55,126     $ 30,737     
(3) Amounts include a benefit related to the partial release of the valuation allowance of $ 612 million, and $ 2 million, for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. The fiscal 2019 benefit was partially offset by an increase in unrecognized tax benefits. 
Salesforce.com, inc. (the “Company”) is a leading provider of enterprise software, delivered through the cloud, with a focus on customer relationship management, or CRM. The Company introduced its first CRM solution in 2000, and has since expanded its service offerings into new areas and industries with new editions, features and platform capabilities.

BOEING CO report:
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
As more fully described in Notes 1 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue over time for long-term contracts as goods are produced or services are rendered. The Company uses costs incurred as the method for determining progress, and revenue is recognized based on costs incurred to date plus an estimate of margin at completion. The process of estimating margin at completion involves estimating the costs to complete production of goods or rendering of services and comparing those costs to the estimated final revenue amount. Margins on fixed-price development contracts are inherently uncertain in that revenue is fixed while the estimates of costs required to complete these contracts are subject to significant variability. The operational and technical complexities of fixed-price development contracts create financial risk, which could increase the estimates of costs and result in lower margins or material reach-forward losses. The ongoing effects of macroeconomic challenges, including supply chain disruption, labor shortages, and inflationary pressures compound these complexities and related financial risks. 
Given the complexities of certain of the Company’s fixed-price development contracts, including the KC-46A Tanker, Commercial Crew, United States Air Force VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, T-7A Redhawk, and MQ-25 contracts, the limited amount of historical data available in certain instances and significant judgments necessary to estimate future costs at completion, auditing these estimates involved extensive audit effort, a high degree of auditor judgment, and required audit professionals with specialized industry experience.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Intangible assets (reported in other assets) consist of capitalized costs primarily related to acquired customer relationships, trade names and licenses, technology and other assets. The estimated useful lives of customer relationships, technology and other intangible assets are generally 10  years, 5  years and 7  years, respectively. Intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization.  Amortization expense is calculated using an accelerated amortization method. Amortization expense on intangible assets was $105 million , $99 million  and $32 million  in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. Accumulated amortization on intangible assets was $572 million  and $467 million  as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively. Trade names and licenses are considered to have an indefinite useful life and are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequent if circumstances arise that indicate an impairment may have occurred. An impairment is 
Property and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Included in property and equipment are capitalized costs related to computer software licenses and software developed for internal use. These costs generally consist of certain external payroll and payroll related costs. Property and equipment depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally 3  to 10  years for equipment and 40  years for real property. Depreciation expense is reported in operating costs and expenses. Accumulated depreciation on property and equipment was $2.41 billion  and $2.27 billion  as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively. Depreciation expense on property and equipment was $299 million , $290 million  and $267 million  in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. The Company reviews its property and equipment for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates. The principal assets and liabilities giving rise to such differences are DAC, unearned premiums, investments (including unrealized capital gains and losses) and insurance reserves. A deferred tax asset valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not such assets will not be realized. The Company recognizes interest expense related to income tax matters in income tax expense and penalties in other expense.
