ALLSTATE CORP report:
• The Coronavirus has had a significant impact on driving patterns and auto frequency that may lead to historical development trends being less predictive of future loss development, potentially creating additional reserve variability. 
• If a legal change is expected to have a significant impact on the development of claim severity for a coverage which is part of a particular line of insurance in a specific state, actuarial judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors that will most accurately reflect the expected impact on that specific estimate. 
property for a particular line, coverage, or state, actuarial judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors to use in the reserve estimate that will most accurately reflect the expected impacts on severity development.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar positively impacted net sales by approximately $2,759, or 169 basis points, compared to 2020, attributable to our Canadian and Other International operations. Changes in gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by $1,636, or 100 basis points, compared to 2020, due to a 12% increase in the average price per gallon. The volume of gasoline sold increased approximately 10%, positively impacting net sales by $1,469, or 90 basis points. 
Comparable sales increased 16% during 2021 and were positively impacted by increases in shopping frequency and average ticket. There was an increase of 44% in e-commerce comparable sales in 2021, driven by an increase of 80% in the first half of the year. 
Membership fees increased 9% in 2021, driven by sign-ups and upgrades to Executive membership. Excluding the positive impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, membership fees increased 8%. At the end of 2021, our member renewal rates were 91% in the U.S. and Canada and 89% worldwide. Our renewal rate is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date. We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period.

BOEING CO report:
A Continuing Resolution (CR), enacted on December 3, 2021, continues funding for the federal government at FY21 appropriated levels through February 18, 2022. Congress and the President must enact either full-year FY22 appropriations bills or an additional CR to fund government departments and agencies beyond February 18, 2022 or a government shutdown could result, which may impact the Company’s operations. 
At BGS, while the outlook is improving, we are continuing to see a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights and more aircraft parked result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings. Additionally, our commercial customers are curtailing discretionary spending, such as modifications and upgrades, and focusing on required maintenance. Similar to BCA, we expect a multi-year recovery period for the commercial services business. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable; government services comprises approximately half of BGS revenue, which is unchanged from pre-pandemic levels. 
At BDS, we continue to see a healthy market with solid demand for our major platforms and programs both domestically and internationally. However, while we continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to COVID-19 impacts, we saw improvements in 2021.
