SALESFORCE INC report:
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency financial statements into U.S. 
dollars are recorded as a separate component on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income in the consolidated statement of operations for the period. 
The Company’s enterprise cloud computing services are typically warranted to perform in a manner consistent with general industry standards that are reasonably applicable and materially in accordance with the Company’s online help documentation under normal use and circumstances.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our business could also be affected in the future by the regulation or taxation of greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions or policies related to national emission reduction plans. A number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce GHG emissions including, but not limited to, the Unites States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. For example, the Biden Administration has issued a series of executive orders and regulatory initiatives focused on climate change, including rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement, pursuant to which the Administration has announced a goal of reducing U.S. GHG emissions by one-half by 2030. Our operations located in countries with effective and applicable carbon pricing and regulatory programs currently meet related existing obligations with, at this time, no significant impact on our results of operations and competitive position. We regularly assess the potential impacts to our business resulting from regulation or policies aimed at reducing GHG emissions. Potential consequences could include increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes. Although, at this time, it is not possible to estimate the likelihood of passage or predict the potential impact of any additional legislation, regulations or agreements, the effects of additional climate change regulatory initiatives could have a materially adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The scope of physical effects of climate change, including shifts in agricultural production areas and climatic volatility, is uncertain, but could in the long-term result in increased adverse incidents of weather-related events that cause disruptions to our operations and may ultimately result in stranded physical assets. We currently believe the breadth and diversification of our global asset network, as well as our participation in the global trade of agricultural commodities, will help to mitigate these risks. 
Additionally, in response to the ongoing Ukraine-Russia war, the United States, other North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") member states, as well as non-NATO member states, have announced targeted economic sanctions on Russia, certain Russian citizens, and Russian enterprises. Any continuation or escalation of the war may trigger a series of additional economic and other sanctions. On September 16, 2022, Bunge signed an agreement to sell its remaining Russian operations, primarily comprising an oilseed crushing and refining facility in Voronezh, southwest Russia, to Karen Vanetsyan. On February 3, 2023, the transaction closed in accordance with the terms of the agreement. We continued to operate our Russian oilseed crushing and refining facility in compliance with all legal requirements until the sale was completed. 
Bunge believes sustainability is critical to our business. While we have consistently incorporated environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors into Bunge’s strategy and operations, we have intensified our efforts in light of new consumer trends, risks arising from factors such as climate change, and the emerging commercial opportunities in the low carbon market. We integrate ESG factors into nearly every area of our business, from how we evaluate new growth markets, plan and develop our strategic goals, compensate our employees and operate our facilities, to how we engage with our customers, suppliers, employees, communities, shareholders and other stakeholders. We encourage Bunge leadership around the globe to embrace sustainable decision-making across our value chains built on a foundation of ethical leadership, accountability and environmental stewardship. Our key areas of growth, comprising expansion of our oilseed processing and origination capabilities, production of renewable feedstocks, increasing our plant lipids portfolio and development of new plant-based protein ingredients, are not only core to our business strategy but also a testament to the alignment of sustainability with our corporate vision.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In this report we have made forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or followed by the words "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "hopes" or similar expressions. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the SEC, could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
an adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing;
