SALESFORCE INC report:
On the lease commencement date the Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are amortized over the lease term to operating expense. 
The Company additionally has entered into subleases for unoccupied leased office space. Any impairments to the ROU asset, leasehold improvements or other assets as a result of a sublease are recognized in the period the sublease is executed and recorded as an operating expense. Any sublease payments received in excess of the straight-line rent payments for the sublease are recorded as an offset to operating expenses and recognized over the sublease life. 
Stock-based expenses related to stock options are measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and restricted stock awards based on grant date at fair value using the closing stock price. The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to stock options and restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of four years .

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We create value for our shareholders by investing the cash flows generated by our business in opportunities and transactions that support continued profitable growth, thereby increasing customer satisfaction and usage of our products and services. In addition, we have used our cash flows to maintain and grow our dividend payout to shareholders. Verizon’s Board of Directors increased the Company’s quarterly dividend by 2.0% during 2021, making this the fifteenth consecutive year in which we have raised our dividend. 
Our goal is to use our cash to create long-term value for our shareholders. We will continue to look for investment opportunities that will help us to grow the business, strengthen our balance sheet, acquire spectrum licenses (see "Cash Flows from Investing Activities"), pay dividends to our shareholders and, when appropriate, buy back shares of our outstanding common stock (see "Cash Flows from Financing Activities"). 
We use the net cash generated from our operations to fund expansion and modernization of our networks, service and repay external financing, pay dividends, invest in new businesses and spectrum and, when appropriate, buy back shares of our outstanding common stock. Our sources of funds, primarily from operations and, to the extent necessary, from external financing arrangements, are sufficient to meet ongoing operating and investing requirements over the next 12 months and beyond.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Corporate bonds include publicly traded and privately placed securities. Privately placed securities primarily consist of corporate issued senior debt securities that are negotiated with the borrower or are issued by entities in unregistered form under SEC Rule 144A which allows purchasers to more easily resell these securities under certain conditions. 
Our $7.65 billion portfolio of privately placed securities, primarily 144A bonds, is diversified by issuer, industry sector and country. The portfolio is made up of 463 issuers. Privately placed corporate obligations may contain structural security features such as financial covenants and call protections that provide investors greater protection against credit deterioration, reinvestment risk or fluctuations in interest rates than those typically found in publicly registered debt securities. Additionally, investments in these securities are made after fundamental analysis of issuers and sectors along with macro and asset class views. Ongoing monitoring includes continuous assessment of operating performance and financial position. Every issue not rated by an independent rating agency is internally rated with a formal rating affirmation at least once a year. Liquidity of securities issued by public entities in unregistered form is similar to public debt markets. 
Our corporate bonds portfolio includes $4.01 billion of below investment grade bonds, $2.91 billion of which are privately placed primarily 144A bonds. These securities are diversified by issuer and industry sector. The below investment grade corporate bonds portfolio is made up of 328 issuers. We employ fundamental analyses of issuers and sectors along with macro and asset class views to identify investment opportunities. This results in a portfolio with broad exposure to the high yield market with an emphasis on idiosyncratic positions reflective of our views of market conditions and opportunities.
