WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Income taxes are recorded using the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates the Company expects to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not such assets will be unrealized. 
From time to time, the Company engages in transactions in which the tax consequences may be uncertain. Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax consequences of these transactions. The Company prepares and files tax returns based on its interpretation of tax laws and regulations. In the normal course of business, the Company's tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities. 
In determining the Company's tax provision for financial reporting purposes, the Company establishes a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless the Company determines that such positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on their technical merits, including the resolution of any appeals or litigation processes. The Company includes interest and where appropriate, penalties, as a component of income tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations. There is significant judgment involved in determining the amount of reserve and whether positions taken on the Company's tax returns are more likely than not to be sustained, which involve the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the potential outcome of positions taken on tax returns that may be reviewed by tax authorities. The Company adjusts its tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Jonah Gathering System is located in the Greater Green River Basin of southwest Wyoming. This system gathers natural gas from the Jonah and Pinedale supply fields for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Pioneer facility.
 • The San Juan Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the San Juan Basin in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado and delivers the natural gas either directly into interstate pipelines or to regional natural gas plants, including our Chaco facility, for further processing prior to being transported on interstate pipelines.
 • The Permian Basin Gathering System is comprised of the 1,051-mile Carlsbad pipeline system, the 614-mile Waha pipeline system, the 34-mile Orla pipeline system and the 23-mile Mentone pipeline system. The Permian Basin Gathering System gathers natural gas from the Permian Basin for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Chaparral, South Eddy, Waha, Mentone and Orla plants, and delivers residue and treated natural gas into our Texas Intrastate System and third-party pipelines.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
USAC’s revenue from contracted compression, station, gas treating and maintenance services is recognized ratably under its fixed-fee contracts over the term of the contract as services are provided to its customers. Initial contract terms typically range from six months to five years. However, USAC usually continues to provide compression services at a specific location beyond the initial contract term, either through contract renewal or on a month-to-month or longer basis. USAC primarily enters into fixed-fee contracts whereby its customers are required to pay its monthly fee even during periods of limited or disrupted throughput. Services are generally billed monthly, one month in advance of the commencement of the service month, except for certain customers who are billed at the beginning of the service month, and payment is generally due 30 days after receipt of the invoice. Amounts invoiced in advance are recorded as deferred revenue until earned, at which time they are recognized as revenue. The amount of consideration USAC receives and revenue it recognizes is based upon the fixed fee rate stated in each service contract. 
USAC’s retail parts and services revenue is earned primarily on freight and crane charges that are directly reimbursable by its customers and maintenance work on units at its customers’ locations that are outside the scope of USAC’s core maintenance activities. Revenue from retail parts and services is recognized at the point in time the part is transferred or service is provided and control is transferred to the customer. At such time, the customer has the ability to direct the use of the benefits of such part or service after USAC has performed its services. USAC bills upon completion of the service or transfer of the parts, and payment is generally due 30 days after receipt of the invoice. The amount of consideration USAC receives and revenue it recognizes is based upon the invoice amount. 
Lease Accounting .   At the inception of each lease arrangement, we determine if the arrangement is a lease or contains an embedded lease and review the facts and circumstances of the arrangement to classify lease assets as operating or finance leases under Topic 842. The Partnership has elected not to record any leases with terms of 12 months or less on the balance sheet.
