ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the Affordable Care Act) includes provisions known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, and medical supplies covered under Medicare and Medicaid to record any transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and to report this data to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for subsequent public disclosure. In October 2018, the Substance Use Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act significantly expanded the types of healthcare providers for which reporting is required, beginning with reports filed in 2022. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level domestically, and an increasing number of governments worldwide either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. Failure to report appropriate data may result in civil or criminal fines and/or penalties. 
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification, including expansion or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act. 
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information, financial information and other sensitive personal information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, China, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California, Virginia, and Colorado) have enacted data protection laws that contain significant compliance obligations and financial penalties for noncompliance. In addition, regulators with general consumer protection authority, such as the Federal Trade Commission and U.S. states Attorneys General, are focused on how consumer data is used by entities in the health care industry. Further, there are regulations of data privacy and security that are specific to health care companies. For example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in business disruption and enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, which offers proactive monitoring and instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self service offerings. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Louisiana and Mississippi natural gas processing facilities increased $44.5 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average processing margins (including the impact of hedging activities). Net to our interest, combined fee-based natural gas processing and equity NGL production volumes at these plants decreased 50 MMcf/d and increased 3 MBPD, respectively, year-to-year (net to our interest).
Gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities decreased $72.9 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins, which accounted for a $44.4 million decrease, and lower sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $18.0 million decrease. The year-to-year decrease in gross operating margin can be attributed to results from marketing strategies that seek to optimize our export, storage and plant assets, which accounted for a combined $154.6 million decrease, partially offset by higher earnings from strategies that seek to optimize our transportation assets, which accounted for a $91.3 million increase. In addition, gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities attributable to non-cash, mark-to-market earnings decreased $9.6 million year-to-year.
A number of our pipelines, including the Mid-America Pipeline System, Seminole NGL Pipeline, Chaparral NGL Pipeline, and Shin Oak NGL Pipeline, serve Permian Basin and/or Rocky Mountain producers. On a combined basis, gross operating margin from these pipelines decreased $109.2 million year-to-year primarily due to lower transportation volumes of 49 MBPD (net to our interest), which accounted for an $ 57.3 million decrease, and a $44.0 million decrease due to lower average transportation and deficiency fees, which was primarily due to certain contracts associated with the Rocky Mountain segment of our Mid-America Pipeline System reaching their termination date in September 2021.
