SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s board of directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. The Company’s board of directors may designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms, and number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on the Company’s common stock, diluting the voting power of its common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of its common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. As of January 31, 2021 and 2020, no shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 
In fiscal 2021, the Company changed its international corporate structure, which included the transfer of certain intangible property to Ireland resulting in a net tax benefit of $ 2.0 billion related to foreign deferred tax assets. The deferred tax assets were recognized as a result of the book and tax basis difference on the intangible property transferred to an Irish subsidiary and were based on the intangible property’s current fair value. The determination of the estimated fair value of the intangible property is complex and judgmental due to the use of subjective assumptions in the valuation models used by management. The tax amortization related to the intellectual property transferred will be recognized in future periods and any amortization that is unused in a particular year can be carried forward indefinitely under Irish tax laws. The deferred tax asset and the tax benefit were measured based on the currently enacted Irish tax rate. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized in Ireland. In fiscal 2020, the Company recorded a tax provision primarily 
driven by incremental tax costs associated with the integration of acquired operations and assets and profitable jurisdictions outside of the United States. In fiscal 2019, the Company released a portion of its valuation allowance related to federal and state deferred tax assets, which was partially offset with the increase in unrecognized tax benefits. In addition, the Company recorded tax expense for profitable jurisdictions outside of the United States.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. Both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. On a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the U.S. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. As a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. Subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
Additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. These amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange gains (losses). 
We primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. Intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. In contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange gains (losses).

BOEING CO report:
The negative amount represents the sum, for all aircraft subject to fair value measurement, of all downward adjustments based on consideration of individual aircraft attributes and condition. The positive amount represents the sum of all such upward adjustments. 
The fair values and related carrying values of financial instruments that are not required to be remeasured at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at December 31 were as follows: 
The fair values of notes receivable are estimated with discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The fair value of our debt that is traded in the secondary market is classified as Level 2 and is based on current market yields. For our debt that is not traded in the secondary market, the fair value is classified as Level 2 and is based on our indicative borrowing cost derived from dealer quotes or discounted cash flows. The fair values of our debt classified as Level 3 are based on discounted cash flow models using the implied yield from similar securities. With regard to other financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of our indemnifications and financing commitments because the amount and timing of those arrangements are uncertain. Items not included in the above disclosures include cash, restricted cash, time deposits and other deposits, commercial paper, money market funds, Accounts receivable, Unbilled receivables, Other current assets, Accounts payable and long-term payables. The carrying values of those items, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, approximate their fair value at December 31, 2019 and 2018 . The fair value of assets and liabilities whose carrying value approximates fair value is determined using Level 2 inputs, with the exception of cash (Level 1).
