ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In connection with the Enable Acquisition in December 2021, we acquired crude oil and condensate gathering assets in the Anadarko Basin and the Williston Basin. The Anadarko Basin assets were designed and built to serve the crude oil and condensate production in the SCOOP and STACK plays. A portion of these operations are conducted through Enable South Central Pipeline, a joint venture with a subsidiary of CVR Energy, Inc., which is operated by us and in which we own a 60% membership interest. The Williston Basin crude oil and produced water gathering assets were designed and built to receive crude oil on pipelines near our customers’ wells for delivery to third-party transportation pipelines, and produced water gathering pipelines for delivery to third-party disposal wells. 
• Nederland. The Nederland Terminal, located on the Sabine-Neches waterway between Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas, is a large marine terminal providing storage and distribution services for refiners and other large transporters of crude oil and NGLs. The terminal receives, stores, and distributes crude oil, NGLs, feedstocks, petrochemicals and bunker oils (used for fueling ships and other marine vessels). The terminal currently has a total storage capacity of approximately 31 MMBbls in approximately 150 above ground storage tanks with individual capacities of up to 660 MBbls. 
The Nederland Terminal can receive crude oil at three of its six ship docks and three of its four barge berths. The three ship docks are capable of receiving over 2 MMBbls/d of crude oil. In addition to our crude oil pipelines, the terminal can also receive crude oil through a number of other pipelines, including the DOE. The DOE pipelines connect the terminal to the United States Strategic Petroleum Reserve’s West Hackberry caverns at Hackberry, Louisiana and Big Hill caverns near Winnie, Texas, which have an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 395 MMBbls. The terminal also has crude oil rail unloading facilities, including steam availability for heating heavy oils prior to loading.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company leases land and/or buildings at warehouses and certain other office and distribution facilities. Leases generally contain one or more of the following options, which the Company can exercise at the end of the initial term: (a) renew the lease for a defined number of years at the then-fair market rental rate or rate stipulated in the lease agreement; (b) purchase the property at the then-fair market value; or (c) a right of first refusal in the event of a third-party offer. 
Some leases include free-rent periods and step-rent provisions, which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for periodic rent increases based on price indices or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales volume. Our leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
The Company determines at inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. The Company initially records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease obligations for its finance and operating leases based on the discounted future minimum lease payments over the term. The lease term is defined as the noncancelable period of the lease plus any options to extend when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. As the rate implicit in the Company's leases is not easily determinable, the present value of the sum of the lease payments is calculated using the Company's incremental borrowing rate. The rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest the Company would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. The Company uses quoted interest rates from financial institutions to derive the incremental borrowing rate. Impairment of ROU assets is evaluated in a similar manner as described in Property and Equipment, net above.

SALESFORCE INC report:
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:  
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:  
(3) During fiscal 2021, the Company recorded approximately $ 2.0 billion of a one-time benefit from a discrete tax item related to the recognition of deferred tax assets resulting from an intra-entity transfer of intangible property.
