WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Operating Expenses. Total operating expenses for 2017 were $886.6 million , an increase of $176.5 million , or 24.9% , as compared to 2016 . The following table sets forth our expense categories (in millions): 
The $14.9 million increase in compensation and employee benefits and the $10.1 million increase in general and administrative expenses was principally due to the inclusion of expenses of acquired businesses. 
Goodwill and other impairments of $91.9 million were primarily attributable to the $ 72.3 million impairment of goodwill in our marine segment, $7.9 million associated with intangible assets, primarily customer relationships in both the marine and land segments and certain impairments of property and equipment within our marine segment. The restructuring charges of $59.6 million were comprised primarily of costs associated with exiting two business activities, our railcar business, and an underperforming capital-intensive distributor program.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2022, we announced that an affiliate of Enterprise entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Navitas Midstream Partners, LLC (“Navitas Midstream”) from an affiliate of Warburg Pincus LLC in a debt-free transaction for $3.25 billion in cash consideration (subject to adjustment in accordance with the agreement). Navitas Midstream’s assets include approximately 1,750 miles of pipelines and over 1.0 Bcf/d of cryogenic natural gas processing capacity. The purchase price was paid in cash at closing on February 17, 2022. We funded the cash consideration for this acquisition using proceeds from the issuance of short-term notes under EPO’s commercial paper program and cash on hand. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding this acquisition.
NGL prices for ethane, propane, normal butane, isobutane and natural gasoline are based on Mont Belvieu, Texas Non-TET commercial index prices as reported by Oil Price Information Service, which is a division of Dow Jones .
Polymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS. Refinery grade propylene (“RGP”) prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS Markit (“IHS”).

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Refer to Note 9, Financial Instruments , Note 17, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives. 
Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for more information on prior-year divestitures and the June 7, 2018 acquisition of Tate's Bake Shop and the 2016 acquisition of a biscuit business in Vietnam. 
Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina.
