VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We believe 5G technology can provide users with eight capabilities, or currencies. The eight currencies are peak data rates, mobile data volumes, mobility, connected devices, energy efficiency, service deployment, latency and reliability.  In late 2015, we launched the Verizon 5G Technology Forum with key industry partners to develop 5G requirements and standards and conduct testing to accelerate the introduction of 5G technologies. We expect that 5G technology will provide higher throughput than the current 4G LTE technology, lower latency and enable our network to handle more traffic as the number of Internet-connected devices grows.   During 2018, we commercially launched 5G Home, our alternative to wired home broadband, on proprietary standards in four U.S. markets; Sacramento, Los Angeles, Houston and Indianapolis. We are the first 
company to bring 5G broadband Internet service to consumers and we expect to expand coverage as we transition to global standards equipment in 2019. In addition, we expect to launch mobile 5G services in 2019 as compatible devices become available. 
As we continue to build and upgrade our existing 4G LTE network and deploy our 5G network, we must complete a variety of steps, including securing rights to a large number of sites as well as obtaining zoning and other governmental approvals and fiber facilities for both our macro and small cells. As we densify our network, we follow a similar process for small cells, in-building systems and antennas and related radio equipment that comprise distributed antenna systems. We have relationships with a wide variety of vendors that supply various products and services that support our network operations. We utilize tower site management firms as lessors or managers of a portion of our existing leased and owned tower sites.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The costs assigned to the right to receive future cash flows from certain business purchased from other insurers are also classified as DAC in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The costs capitalized represent the present value of future profits expected to be earned over the lives of the contracts acquired. These costs are amortized as profits emerge over the lives of the acquired business and are periodically evaluated for recoverability. The present value of future profits was $ 39 million and $ 45 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Amortization expense of the present value of future profits was $ 6 million , $ 2 million and $ 6 million in 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
Reinsurance In the normal course of business, the Company seeks to limit aggregate and single exposure to losses on large risks by purchasing reinsurance. The Company has also used reinsurance to effect the disposition of certain blocks of business. Reinsurance does not extinguish the Company’s primary liability under the policies written. Therefore, the Company regularly evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers, including their activities with respect to claim settlement practices and commutations, and establishes allowances for uncollectible reinsurance as appropriate. 
Indemnification The Company also participates in various indemnification mechanisms, including industry pools and facilities, which are backed by the financial resources of the property and casualty insurance company market participants. Indemnification recoverables are considered collectible based on the industry pool and facility enabling legislation.
