SALESFORCE INC report:
Salesforce Easy. We offer Salesforce Easy, which is designed and priced for small and medium-sized businesses and offers a purpose-built Customer 360 solution. With ease of purchase through self serve and customized out-of-the-box features, Easy helps customers increase productivity, save time and cut costs. 
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 
• modern low-code and no code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value;

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We generally assess solvency on a statutory accounting basis, but also consider holding company capital and liquidity needs. Current enterprise capital, which exceeds economic targeted levels, is based on a combination of statutory surplus and deployable assets at the parent holding company level. 
Operational risk and return management addresses loss as a result of the failure of people, processes, or systems. Operational risk exposures include human capital, privacy, regulatory compliance, ethics, fraud, system availability, cybersecurity, data quality, disaster recovery and business continuity. 
Operational risk is managed at the enterprise and market-facing business levels, through an integrated Operational Risk and Return Management (“ORRM”) framework that is anchored to the ERRM Learning Loop, which depicts the five components of effective risk management. The Learning Loop is a continual process which includes risk identification, measurement, management, monitoring, and reporting of risk.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Network reliability, capacity and coverage.  We consider a wireless network that consistently provides high-quality and reliable service to be a key differentiator in the U.S. market and driver of customer satisfaction. Lower prices, improved service quality and new wireless service offerings, which in many cases include video content, have led to increased customer usage of wireless services, which, in turn, puts pressure on network capacity. In order to compete effectively, wireless service providers must keep pace with network capacity needs and offer highly reliable national coverage through their networks. We believe that the depth and breadth of our network provides our fundamental strength and is the basis for our competitive advantage in the wireless marketplace. 
Pricing. Service and equipment pricing play an important role in the wireless competitive landscape, with plans that address both the postpaid and prepaid customer. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, we and other wireless service providers are offering service plans at competitive prices that include voice services, data access and text messaging, in some cases on an unlimited basis.  Many other wireless service providers have also bundled wireless service offerings with other products while others offer promotional pricing and incentives targeted specifically to customers of Verizon Wireless. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, also offer device payment options, which provide consumers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and device leasing arrangements.  In addition, aggressive device promotions have also become more common in a highly penetrated market in order to gain share of subscribers interested in changing carriers. 
Customer service. We believe that high-quality customer service is a key factor in retaining customers and attracting new customers, including those of other wireless providers. Our customer service, retention and satisfaction programs are based on providing customers with convenient and easy-to-use products and services and focusing on their needs in order to promote long-term relationships and minimize churn. To promote long-term relationships with our customers, we launched the Verizon Up program, which offers a variety of rewards to customers in exchange for points they earn in connection with their account-related transactions with Verizon Wireless. The program offers customers discounts on products, services and access to experiences, such as sporting events, shows and concerts.
