MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We have adopted the Mondelēz International Code of Conduct, which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The code applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics is available free of charge on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance and will be provided free of charge to any shareholder submitting a written request to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelēz International, Inc., 905 West Fulton Market, Suite 200, Chicago, IL 60607. We will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under our code of ethics, or certain amendments to the code of ethics, on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance . 
In addition, we have adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters for each of the Board’s four standing committees and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Non-Employee Directors. All of these materials are available on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance and will be provided free of charge to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelēz International, Inc., 905 West Fulton Market, Suite 200, Chicago, IL 60607. 
Our Internet address is www.mondelezinternational.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge as soon as possible after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You can access our filings with the SEC by visiting www.sec.gov or our website: ir.mondelezinternational.com/sec-filings . The information on our web site is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Non-cash asset impairment charges decreased $180 million year-to-year primarily due to the partial impairment of our marine transportation business in December 2021, which accounted for $114 million of expense, and the sale of a coal bed natural gas gathering system and related Val Verde treating facility in March 2021, both of which were components of our San Juan Gathering System, which accounted for an additional $44 million of expense. For information regarding these charges, see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased $804 million when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the previously described year-to-year changes in revenues, operating costs and expenses, general and administrative costs and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates.
We capitalize interest costs incurred on funds used to construct property, plant and equipment while the asset is in its construction phase. Capitalized interest amounts become part of the historical cost of an asset and are charged to earnings (as a component of depreciation expense) on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset once the asset enters its intended service. When capitalized interest is recorded, it reduces interest expense from what it would be otherwise. Capitalized interest amounts fluctuate based on the timing of when projects are placed into service, our capital investment levels and the interest rates charged on borrowings.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing within Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this 2022 10‑K Report. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ materially from the results suggested by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that may cause our results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward-looking statements are described in Item 1A – Risk Factors and under Forward-Looking Statements. 
We have elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements presented in this 2022 10‑K Report. Refer to Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (herein incorporated by reference), filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022, for management's discussion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 
We are principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and services in the aviation, land, and marine transportation industries. Our intention is to become a leading global energy management company offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment services, technology solutions, payment management solutions, as well as sustainability products and services across the energy product spectrum. For additional discussion on our businesses, climate change and the associated risks, see Part I, Item 1. – Business and Item 1A – Risk Factors within this 2022 10-K Report.
