MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
As described in the Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Chipita Global S.A. (“Chipita”), Clif Bar & Company (“Clif Bar”), and Ricolino from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because they were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations during 2022. We have also excluded Chipita, Clif Bar, and Ricolino from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Chipita, Clif Bar, and Ricolino are wholly-owned subsidiaries whose total assets and total net revenues excluded from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting collectively represent 1.2% and 3.5%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into transactions with related parties. Related parties include entities that share common directorship, such as Liberty Global plc (“Liberty Global”), Liberty Broadband Corporation ("Liberty Broadband") and their subsidiaries and equity method investees (together the “Liberty Group”). Discovery’s Board of Directors includes Mr. Malone, who is Chairman of the Board of Liberty Global and beneficially owns approximately 30 % of the aggregate voting power with respect to the election of directors of Liberty Global. Mr. Malone is also Chairman of the Board of Liberty Broadband and beneficially owns approximately 49 % of the aggregate voting power with respect to the election of directors of Liberty Broadband. The majority of the revenue earned from the Liberty Group relates to multi-year network distribution arrangements. Related party transactions also include revenues and expenses for content and services provided to or acquired from equity method investees or minority partners of consolidated subsidiaries. 
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into various commitments, which primarily include programming and talent arrangements, operating and finance leases (See Note 9), arrangements to purchase various goods and services, and future funding commitments to equity method investees. 
Content purchase obligations include commitments and liabilities associated with third-party producers and sports associations for content that airs on our television networks. Production contracts generally require: purchase of a specified number of episodes; payments over the term of the license; and include both programs that have been delivered and are available for airing and programs that have not yet been produced or sporting events that have not yet taken place. If the content is ultimately never produced, our commitments expire without obligation. The commitments disclosed above exclude content liabilities recognized on the consolidated balance sheet.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• other NGL storage assets, located at our Cedar Bayou and Hattiesburg storage facilities, and our Nederland, Marcus Hook and Inkster NGL terminals with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 17 MMBbls. 
NGL terminalling services are facilitated by approximately 10 MMBbls of NGL storage capacity. These operations also support our liquids blending activities, including the use of our patented butane blending technology. Refined products operations provide transportation and terminalling services through the use of approximately 3,595 miles of refined products pipelines and 37 active refined products marketing terminals. Our marketing terminals are located primarily in the northeast, midwest and southwest United States, with approximately 8 MMBbls of refined products storage capacity. Our refined products operations utilize our integrated pipeline and terminalling assets, as well as acquisition and marketing activities, to service refined products markets in several regions throughout the United States. The mix of products delivered through our refined products pipelines varies seasonally, with gasoline demand peaking during the summer months, and demand for heating oil and other distillate fuels peaking in the winter. The products transported in these pipelines include multiple grades of gasoline and middle distillates, such as heating oil, diesel and jet fuel. Rates for shipments on these product pipelines are regulated by the FERC and other state regulatory agencies, as applicable. 
Revenues in this segment are principally generated from fees charged to customers under dedicated contracts or take-or-pay contracts. Under a dedicated contract, the customer agrees to deliver the total output from particular processing plants that are connected to the NGL pipeline. Take-or-pay contracts have minimum throughput commitments requiring the customer to pay regardless of whether a fixed volume is transported. Fees are market-based, negotiated with customers and competitive with regional regulated pipelines and fractionators. Storage revenues are derived from base storage and throughput fees. This segment also derives revenues from the marketing of NGLs and processing and fractionating refinery off-gas.
