BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. Both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. On a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the U.S. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. As a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. Subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Included in other comprehensive income for the years ended 
December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 were foreign currency net translation gains (losses) of $(1,125) million , $203 million  and $713 million , respectively, resulting from the translation of our foreign subsidiaries' assets and liabilities. 
Additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. These amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses).

ALLSTATE CORP report:
( 680 ) ( 658 ) ( 646 ) Dividends on preferred stock ( 115 ) ( 169 ) ( 148 ) Balance, end of year 52,767   48,074   44,033   Deferred Employee Stock Ownership Plan (“ESOP”) expense Balance, beginning of year —   ( 3 ) ( 3 ) Payments —   3   —   Balance, end of year —   —   ( 3 ) Treasury stock Balance, beginning of year ( 29,746 ) ( 28,085 ) ( 25,982 ) Shares acquired ( 1,700 ) ( 1,810 ) ( 2,198 ) Shares reissued under equity incentive plans, net 115   149   95   Balance, end of year ( 31,331 ) ( 29,746 ) ( 28,085 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance, beginning of year 1,950   118   1,889   Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle —   —   ( 910 ) Change in unrealized net capital gains and losses 1,293   1,889   ( 754 ) Change in unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments 52   ( 10 ) ( 48 ) Change in unamortized pension and other postretirement prior service credit 9   ( 47 ) ( 59 ) Balance, end of year 3,304   1,950   118   Total shareholders’ equity $ 30,217   $ 25,998   $ 21,312   
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of The Allstate Corporation (the “Corporation”) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, primarily Allstate Insurance Company (“AIC”), a property and casualty insurance company with various property and casualty and life and investment subsidiaries, including Allstate Life Insurance Company (“ALIC”) (collectively referred to as the “Company” or “Allstate”). These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

BOEING CO report:
We provide various forms of share-based compensation to our employees. For awards settled in shares, we measure compensation expense based on the grant-date fair value net of estimated forfeitures. For awards settled in cash, or that may be settled in cash, we measure compensation expense based on the fair value at each reporting date net of estimated forfeitures. The expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award. 
Provisions for U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. income taxes are calculated on reported Loss before income taxes based on current tax law and also include, in the current period, the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those used previously in determining deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such provisions differ from the amounts currently receivable or payable because certain items of income and expense are recognized in different time periods for financial reporting purposes than for income tax purposes. Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and evaluating tax positions. 
The accounting for uncertainty in income taxes requires a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We record a liability for the difference between the benefit recognized and measured for financial statement purposes and the tax position taken or expected to be taken on our tax return. To the extent that our assessment of such tax positions changes, the change in estimate is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. Tax-related interest and penalties are classified as a component of Income tax (expense)/benefit.
