ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our TE Products Pipeline increased $18.7 million year-to-year primarily due to higher deficiency fee revenues, which accounted for a $26.1 million increase, and higher average transportation fees, which accounted for an additional $8.9 million increase, partially offset by lower transportation volumes, which accounted for an $18.3 million decrease. Transportation volumes on the TE Products Pipeline decreased 79 MBPD primarily due to lower refined products and petrochemical product movements. Gross operating margin from refined products terminals associated with our TE Products Pipeline decreased $12.0 million year-to-year primarily due to higher operating costs, which accounted for a $7.5 million decrease, and lower facility throughput fee revenues, which accounted for an additional $4.5 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our refined products marketing activities increased $9.3 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for an $18.7 million increase, partially offset by lower non-cash mark-to-market earnings, which accounted for an $8.9 million decrease. Non-cash mark-to-market earnings for this business was a loss of $7.2 million in 2019 compared to a $1.7 million gain in 2018.
Gross operating margin from our refined products terminal in Beaumont, Texas decreased $11.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower storage revenues, which accounted for a $7.7 million decrease, and lower terminaling volumes of 23 MBPD, which accounted for an additional $3.3 million decrease.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The ET Fuel System serves some of the most prolific production areas in the United States and is comprised of intrastate natural gas pipeline and related natural gas storage facilities. The ET Fuel System has many interconnections with pipelines 
providing direct access to power plants, other intrastate and interstate pipelines, and has bi-directional capabilities. It is strategically located near high-growth production areas and provides access to the Waha Hub near Pecos, Texas, the Katy Hub near Houston, Texas and the Carthage Hub in East Texas, the three major natural gas trading centers in Texas. 
The ET Fuel System also includes the Bethel natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 6.0 Bcf , an average withdrawal capacity of 300 MMcf/d  and an injection capacity of 75 MMcf/d , and the Bryson natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 5.2 Bcf , an average withdrawal capacity of 120 MMcf/d  and an average injection capacity of 96 MMcf/d . Storage capacity on the ET Fuel System is contracted to third parties under fee-based arrangements that extend through 2023.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We continue to closely monitor the ongoing impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business and geographies; however, the nature and full extent of COVID-19’s effects on our operations and results are not yet known and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Certain key sources of revenue for the Studios segment, including theatrical revenues, original television productions, studio operations, and themed entertainment, have been adversely impacted by governmentally imposed shutdowns and related labor interruptions and constraints on consumer activity, particularly in the context of public entertainment venues, such as cinemas and theme parks. 
The discussion below compares our actual and pro forma combined results, as if the Merger occurred on January 1, 2021, for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. Management believes reviewing our combined operating results in addition to actual operating results is useful in identifying trends in, or reaching conclusions regarding, the overall operating performance of our businesses. Our Studios, Networks, DTC, Corporate, and inter-segment eliminations information is based on the historical operating results of the respective segments and include, where applicable, adjustments for (i) additional costs of revenues from the fair value step-up of film and television library, (ii) additional amortization expense related to acquired intangible assets, (iii) additional depreciation expense from the fair value of property and equipment, (iv) transaction costs and other one-time non-recurring costs, (v) additional interest expense for borrowings related to the Merger and amortization associated with fair value adjustments of debt assumed, (vi) changes to align accounting policies, (vii) elimination of intercompany activity, and (viii) associated tax-related impacts of adjustments. 
Adjustments do not include costs related to integration activities, cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined businesses. Pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of what our results would have been had we operated the combined businesses since January 1, 2021 and should not be taken as indicative of the Company’s future consolidated results of operations.
