ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation complex includes fractionators located either in Mont Belvieu or in surrounding areas of Chambers County, Texas. This complex processes mixed NGLs from several major NGL supply basins in North America, including the Permian Basin, Rocky Mountains, Eagle Ford Shale, Mid-Continent and San Juan Basin. In addition, the Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation complex features connectivity to our network of NGL supply and distribution pipelines, approximately 130 MMBbls of underground salt dome storage capacity, along with access to international markets through our marine terminals located on the Houston Ship Channel. 
Demand for NGL fractionation capacity continues to expand as producers in domestic shale plays such as the Permian Basin, Eagle Ford Shale and DJ Basin seek market access and end users require supply assurance. In May 2018, we placed our ninth NGL fractionator, which is located in Chambers County, Texas, into service. The new fractionator has a capacity of 90 MBPD, which increased total NGL fractionation capacity at our Mont Belvieu complex to 760 MBPD. In addition, we announced in November 2018 plans to construct a new NGL fractionation facility in Chambers County, Texas adjacent to our existing Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation complex. The new facility will consist of two fractionation trains capable of processing a combined 300 MBPD of NGLs. The first of the two fractionation trains will have a nameplate capacity of 150 MBPD and is scheduled to be completed and begin service in the fourth quarter of 2019. The second of these fractionation trains will also have a nameplate capacity of 150 MBPD, and is scheduled to begin service in the first half of 2020. 
The Shoup and Armstrong NGL fractionators in South Texas process mixed NGLs supplied by regional natural gas processing plants. Purity NGL products from the Shoup and Armstrong fractionators are transported to local markets in the Corpus Christi area and also to the Mont Belvieu hub using our South Texas NGL Pipeline System.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company operates on a 52/53-week fiscal year basis with the year ending on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2021, 2020, and 2019 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 29, 2021, August 30, 2020, and September 1, 2019, respectively. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions take into account historical and forward-looking factors that the Company believes are reasonable, including but not limited to the potential impacts arising from the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) and related public and private sector policies and initiatives. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
The Company considers as cash and cash equivalents all cash on deposit, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, and proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of up to four days. Credit and debit card receivables were $ 1,816 and $ 1,636 at the end of 2021 and 2020, respectively.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification, including expansion or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act.
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information, financial information and other sensitive personal information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, China, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California, Virginia, and Colorado) have enacted data protection laws that contain significant compliance obligations and financial penalties for noncompliance. In addition, regulators with general consumer protection authority, such as the Federal Trade Commission and U.S. states Attorneys General, are focused on how consumer data is used by entities in the health care industry. Further, there are regulations of data privacy and security that are specific to health care companies. For example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in business disruption and enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area. 
Governmental cost containment efforts also affect Abbott’s nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.
