SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
• live events and original programming on Salesforce+, our streaming platform which launched in fiscal 2022, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the digital-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities;

BOEING CO report:
(1) Excludes income tax matters. As of December 31, 2020, we have uncertain tax positions of $966 million. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to uncertain tax positions. For further discussion of income taxes, see Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Pension cash requirements are based on an estimate of our minimum funding requirements, pursuant to ERISA regulations, although we may make additional discretionary contributions. Estimates of other postretirement benefits are based on both our estimated future benefit payments and the estimated contributions to plans that are funded through trusts. 
Purchase Obligations Purchase obligations represent contractual agreements to purchase goods or services that are legally binding; specify a fixed, minimum or range of quantities; specify a fixed, minimum, variable, or indexed price provision; and specify approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations include amounts recorded as well as amounts that are not recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
to develop a best estimate of gross ultimate losses. These developments are discussed further in the loss ratio disclosures within the Allstate Protection Segment and the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves sections of the MD&A. 
How reserve estimates are established and updated Reserve estimates are developed at a very detailed level, and the results are aggregated to form a consolidated reserve estimate. The detailed estimates include each line of insurance, major components of losses (such as coverages and perils), major states or groups of states and for reported losses and IBNR. Development factors are calculated for data elements such as claim counts reported and settled, paid losses, and paid losses combined with case reserves. The historical development patterns for these data elements are used to calculate reserve estimates. Based on this review our best estimate of required reserves is recorded. 
Reserves are reestimated quarterly and periodically throughout the year, by combining historical results with current actual results to calculate new development factors. This process continuously incorporates the historic and latest actual trends, and other underlying changes in the data elements used to calculate reserve estimates. New development factors are likely to differ from previous development factors used in prior reserve estimates because actual results occur differently than the assumptions contained in
