ALLSTATE CORP report:
The property and casualty recoverable evaluation considers the credit rating of the reinsurer, the period over which the reinsurance recoverable balances are expected to be recovered and other relevant factors including historical experience of reinsurer failures. Reinsurers in liquidation or in default status are evaluated individually using the Company’s historical liquidation recovery assumptions and any other relevant information available including the most recent public information related to the financial condition or liquidation status of the reinsurer. For accident and health reinsurance recoverables, the Company uses a probability of default and loss given default model developed independently of the Company to estimate current expected credit losses. The accident and health reinsurance recoverable evaluation utilizes factors including historical industry factors based on the probability of liquidation, and incorporates current loss given default factors reflective of the industry. 
The Company monitors the credit ratings of reinsurer counterparties and evaluates the circumstances surrounding credit rating changes as inputs into its credit loss assessments. Uncollectible reinsurance recoverable balances are written off against the allowances when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. 
Indemnification The Company also participates in various indemnification mechanisms, including industry pools and facilities, which are reimbursement mechanisms that assess participating insurers for expected insured claims, reimburse participating insurers for qualifying paid claims and permit participating insurers to recoup amounts assessed directly from insureds. Indemnification recoverables are backed by the financial resources of the property and casualty insurance company market participants.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Repair and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. Expenditures for remodels, refurbishments and improvements that add to or change the way an asset functions or that extend the useful life are capitalized. Assets removed during the remodel, refurbishment or improvement are retired. Assets classified as held-for-sale at the end of 2019  and 2018  were immaterial. 
The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances may indicate the carrying amount of the asset group, generally an individual warehouse, may not be fully recoverable. For asset groups held and used, including warehouses to be relocated, the carrying value of the asset group is considered recoverable when the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group exceed the respective carrying value. In the event that the carrying value is not considered recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the asset group to be held and used equal to the excess of the carrying value above the estimated fair value of the asset group. For asset groups classified as held-for-sale (disposal group), the carrying value is compared to the disposal group’s fair value less costs to sell. The Company estimates fair value by obtaining market appraisals from third party brokers or using other valuation techniques. There were no impairment charges recognized in 2019 , 2018  or 2017 . 
The Company is predominantly self-insured for employee health care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. Insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit exposures arising from very large losses. It uses different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary (the captive) and participates in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are not discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends. At the end of 2019  and 2018 , these insurance liabilities were $ 1,222  and $ 1,148  in the aggregate, respectively, and were included in accrued salaries and benefits and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, classified based on their nature.

BOEING CO report:
To ensure reliability in our estimates, we employ a rigorous estimating process that is reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. This includes reassessing the accounting quantity. Changes in estimates of program gross profit margins are normally recognized on a prospective basis; however, when estimated costs to complete a program plus costs already included in inventory exceed estimated revenues from the program, a loss is recorded in the current period. Reductions to the estimated loss are included in the gross profit margin for undelivered units in the accounting quantity whereas increases to the estimated loss are recorded as an earnings charge in the period in which the loss is determined. 
The 747, 767 and 777X programs have near break-even margins, and the 787 program has zero margin at December 31, 2021. Adverse changes to the revenue and/or cost estimates for these programs could result in additional earnings charges in future periods. 
777X Program During the fourth quarter of 2020, we revised the estimated first delivery date of the 777X to late 2023 and recorded a $6.5 billion reach-forward loss on the 777X program. The revised schedule and reach-forward loss reflected a number of factors, including an updated assessment of global certification requirements informed by continued discussions with regulators and a management decision in the fourth quarter of 2020 to make modifications to the aircraft’s design, an updated assessment of COVID-19 impacts on market demand and discussions with our customers with respect to aircraft delivery timing. These factors resulted in adjustments to production rates and the program accounting quantity, increased change incorporation costs, and associated customer and supply chain impacts. The initial accounting quantity of 350 airplanes established in the fourth quarter of 2020 consists of 777X passenger airplanes and remained unchanged during 2021.
