SALESFORCE INC report:
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, we have concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are generally distinct. 
We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The SSP is the price at which we would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We determine SSP by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and volume of our transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, our go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. In instances where we do not sell or price a product or service separately, we determine relative fair value using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP. 
In certain cases, we are able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, we use a range of SSP. We determine the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Because Brazilian farmer credit exposures are denominated in local currency, reported values are impacted by movements in the value of the Brazilian real when translated into U.S. dollars . From December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020, the Brazilian real depreciated by approximately 23%, decreasing the reported farmer credit exposure balances when translated into U.S. dollars . 
We periodically evaluate the collectability of our farmer receivables and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. We base our determination of the allowance on analyses of the credit quality of individual accounts, also considering the economic and financial condition of the farming industry and other market conditions, as well as the value of any collateral related to amounts owed. We continuously review defaulted farmer receivables for impairment on an individual account basis. We consider all accounts in legal collections processes to be defaulted and past due. For such accounts, we determine the allowance for uncollectible amounts based on the fair value of the associated collateral, net of estimated costs to sell. For all renegotiated accounts (current and past due), we consider changes in farm economic conditions and other market conditions, our historical experience related to renegotiated accounts, and the fair value of collateral in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts. 
Secured Advances to Suppliers and Prepaid Commodity Contracts —We purchase soybeans through prepaid commodity purchase contracts (advance cash payments to suppliers against contractual obligations to deliver specified quantities of soybeans in the future) and secured advances to suppliers (advances to suppliers against commitments to deliver soybeans in the future), primarily in Brazil. These financing arrangements are typically secured by the farmer's future crop and mortgages on the farmer's land, buildings and equipment, and are generally settled after the farmer's crop is harvested and sold.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $ 39 million in 2018 and $ 109 million in 2017. These tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to AbbVie’s operations for years prior to the separation. Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), which was formed to hold Abbott’s research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business, in January 2013. Abbott has retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to AbbVie’s business. AbbVie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business.
In September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for $ 4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $ 1.163 billion including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $ 728 million in 2017 related to the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. For 2017, the AMO loss before taxes included in Abbott’s consolidated earnings was $ 18 million.
Other (income) expense, net, for 2019, 2018 and 2017 includes approximately $ 225 million, $ 160 million and $ 160 million of income, respectively, related to the non-service cost components of the net periodic benefit costs associated with the pension and post-retirement medical plans. Other (income) expense, net, for 2017 includes a pre-tax gain of $ 1.163 billion related to the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson. In 2017, Abbott recorded a $ 45 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of the Mylan N.V. ordinary shares. See Note 4 — Discontinued Operations and Business Dispositions for further discussion of these 2017 sales.
