SALESFORCE INC report:
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
Strategic Investments. Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. 
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and require the use of judgment. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying value is adjusted for our privately held equity securities if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of our strategic investments in privately held companies, we utilize the most recent data available. The determination of whether an orderly transaction is for a same or similar investment requires significant management judgment including the nature of rights and obligations of the investments, the extent to which differences in those rights and obligations would affect the fair values of those investments, and the impact of any differences based on the stage of operational development of the investee.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  and has issued subsequent amendments which have been introduced as ASC Topic 606. Topic 606, as amended, replaces Topic 605, the previous revenue recognition guidance. The new standard’s core principle is for companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration (that is, payment) to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard also results in enhanced disclosures about revenue, provides guidance for transactions that were not previously addressed comprehensively (for example, service revenue and contract modifications) and improves guidance for multiple-element arrangements. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal year 2018, with no significant impact to its financial position or results of operations , using the modified retrospective method. See Note 4, Revenue Recognition. 
In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-02, Income Statement, Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220), Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . This ASU permits an entity to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “Tax Act”) on items within accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal year 2019 and elected not to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Act from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. 
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842),  which supersedes ASC 840, Leases . The FASB has issued subsequent amendments to improve and clarify the implementation guidance of Topic 842. The new standard requires an entity to recognize leases on the balance sheet and to disclose key information about the entity's leasing arrangements. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal year 2019 using the modified retrospective transition approach, including certain practical expedients, for all leases existing at December 30, 2018, the effective and initial application date. The estimated impact of the adoption to the Company's consolidated financial statements included the recognition of operating lease liabilities of approximately $100 million  with corresponding right-of-use assets of approximately the same amount based on the present value of the remaining lease payments for existing operating leases. This standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's results of operations. The Company has revised its relevant policies and procedures, as applicable, to meet the new accounting, reporting and disclosure requirements of Topic 842 and has updated internal controls accordingly.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising, formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers’ products may increase competitive pressure.
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes care products for people with diabetes, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. Medical devices are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, depending upon the product, medical devices are generally marketed and sold directly to wholesalers, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, physicians’ offices, and distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served.
These products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, product performance, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
