ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
platform, strong technology capabilities and value-added service offerings, all of which have allowed us to continue to serve our customers during these unprecedented conditions. During these difficult times, we are proactively supporting our customers by helping our restaurant and hospitality customers adapt to social distancing restrictions with tools and resources to build and manage carryout and delivery capabilities. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have developed additional innovative services, such as customer education webinars on the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”), assistance with recovery plans for location re-openings, and the creation of unique pantry kits to allow restaurants to continue servicing consumers. Our product development efforts remain in full force and we continue to deliver product innovations that resonate with our customers. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and ensuing decrease in total case volume, we have evolved our business focus and cost structure. We have taken a number of steps to secure new customer relationships and expand our market share, reduce fixed and variable operating costs on a temporary and permanent basis, and strengthen our liquidity position. We also have the ability to take further cost reduction actions on a temporary basis depending upon the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even so, there is no certainty that such measures, or any additional actions that we may take in the future, will be successful in mitigating the impact of the pandemic on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the CARES Act. The CARES Act, among other things, includes provisions relating to deferment of employer-side social security payments, net operating loss carryback periods, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations, technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property and federally backed loans to qualifying small-businesses. US Foods has benefited from certain provisions under the CARES Act and many of our customers are benefiting from the federally backed small business loan program. In addition, on December 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the “December 2020 Relief Bill”). The December 2020 Relief Bill, among other things, expands the federally backed small business loan program that was introduced as part of the CARES Act, which we expect will further benefit many of our customers. It is currently unclear if or how US Foods may indirectly benefit from the December 2020 Relief Bill, but we continue to examine the impact of the December 2020 Relief Bill on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Fair value estimates for private equity investments are calculated by the general partners using the market approach to estimate the fair value of private investments. The market approach utilizes prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions, type of security, degree of liquidity, restrictions on the disposition, latest round of financing data, company financial statements, relevant valuation multiples and discounted cash flow analyses. 
• Fair value estimates for private debt placements are calculated using standardized valuation methods, including but not limited to income-based techniques such as discounted cash flow projections or market-based techniques utilizing public and private transaction multiples as comparables. 
• Fair value estimates for real estate investments are calculated by investment managers using the present value of future cash flows expected to be received from the investments, based on valuation methodologies such as appraisals, local market conditions, and current and projected operating performance.
