BOEING CO report:
We also have other postretirement benefits (OPB) other than pensions which consist principally of health care coverage for eligible retirees and qualifying dependents, and to a lesser extent, life insurance to certain groups of retirees. Retiree health care is provided principally until age 65 for approximately half those retirees who are eligible for health care coverage. Certain employee groups, including employees covered by most United Auto Workers bargaining agreements, are provided lifetime health care coverage. 
The funded status of the plans is measured as the difference between the plan assets at fair value and the projected benefit obligation (PBO). We have recognized the aggregate of all overfunded plans in Other assets, and the aggregate of all underfunded plans in either Accrued retiree health care or Accrued pension plan liability, net. The portion of the amount by which the actuarial present value of benefits included in the PBO exceeds the fair value of plan assets, payable in the next 12 months, is reflected in Accrued liabilities. 
The following tables show changes in the benefit obligation, plan assets and funded status of both pensions and OPB for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 . Benefit obligation balances presented below reflect the PBO for our pension plans, and accumulated postretirement benefit obligations (APBO) for our OPB plans.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company records an asset and related financing obligation for the estimated construction costs under build-to-suit lease arrangements where it is considered the owner for accounting purposes, to the extent the Company is involved in the construction of the building or structural improvements or has construction risk prior to commencement of a lease. Upon occupancy, the Company assesses whether these arrangements qualify for sales recognition under the sale-leaseback accounting guidance. If the Company continues to be the deemed owner, it accounts for the arrangement as a financing lease. 
The Company’s asset retirement obligations (ARO) primarily relate to leasehold improvements that at the end of a lease must be removed. These obligations are generally recorded as a discounted liability with an offsetting asset at the inception of the lease term based upon the estimated fair value of the costs to remove the improvements. These liabilities are accreted over time to the projected future value of the obligation. The ARO assets are depreciated using the same depreciation method as the leasehold improvement assets and are included with buildings and improvements. Estimated ARO liabilities associated with these leases were immaterial  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively, and are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
Preopening expenses include costs for startup operations related to new warehouses and relocations, developments in new international markets, new manufacturing and distribution facilities, and expansions at existing warehouses and are expensed as incurred.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Assumptions used in the amortization of DAC and reserve calculations are established at the time the policy is issued and are generally not revised during the life of the policy. Any deviations from projected business in force resulting from actual policy terminations differing from expected levels and any estimated premium deficiencies may result in a change to the rate of amortization in the period such events occur. Generally, the amortization periods for these policies approximates the estimated lives of the policies. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of DAC using actual experience and current assumptions. Voluntary accident and health insurance products and traditional life insurance products are reviewed individually. If actual experience and current assumptions are adverse compared to the original assumptions and a premium deficiency is determined to exist, any remaining unamortized DAC balance would be expensed to the extent not recoverable and the establishment of a premium deficiency reserve may be required for any remaining deficiency. 
Gross profits primarily consist of the following components: contract charges for the cost of insurance less mortality costs and other benefits; investment income and net gains and losses on investments less interest credited; and surrender and other contract charges less maintenance expenses. The principal assumptions for determining the amount of gross profits are mortality, persistency, expenses, investment returns and interest crediting rates to contractholders. 
The DAC balance presented includes adjustments to reflect the amount by which the amortization of DAC would increase or decrease if the unrealized capital gains or losses in the respective product investment portfolios were actually realized. The adjustments are recorded net of tax in AOCI. DAC and deferred income taxes determined on unrealized capital gains and losses and reported in AOCI recognize the impact on shareholders’ equity consistently with the amounts that would be recognized in the income statement on net gains and losses on investments and derivatives.
