ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2019, in conjunction with the acquisition of Cephea Valve Technologies, Inc., Abbott acquired a research & development (R&D) asset valued at $ 102 million, which was immediately expensed. The $ 102 million of expense was recorded in the R&D line of Abbott's Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
 ​ 
 ​

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Our distribution facilities must be registered with the FDA and are subject to periodic government agency inspections by federal and/or state authorities. We have a number of processing facilities for certain meat, poultry, seafood and produce products. These units are registered and inspected by the USDA (with respect to meat and poultry) and the FDA (with respect to produce and seafood) as applicable. 
We also distribute a variety of non-food products, such as food containers, kitchen equipment and cleaning materials, and are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the storage, transportation, distribution, sale and labeling of those non-food products, including requirements to provide information about the hazards of certain chemicals present in some of the products we distribute. 
Our customers include several departments of the U.S. federal government, as well as certain state and local governmental entities. These customer relationships subject us to additional regulations that are applicable to government contractors. For example, as a U.S. federal government contractor, we are subject to audit by the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In fiscal 2023, we recognized a tax provision of $452 million on a pretax income of $660 million. The majority of the tax provision was related to taxes from profitable jurisdictions outside of the United States which includes withholding taxes. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate due to changes in our domestic and foreign earnings, or material discrete tax items, or a combination of these factors resulting from transactions or events, for example, acquisitions, changes to our operating structure and other macroeconomic factors. 
In fiscal 2022, we recognized a tax provision of $88 million on a pretax income of $1.5 billion. Our tax provision was primarily due to taxes from profitable jurisdictions outside of the United States, which was offset by a net US tax benefit primarily due to excess tax benefits from stock based compensation. 
effective for fiscal 2024. While we do not anticipate this change to be significant, it could impact our consolidated financial position. We continue to monitor and analyze new information, interpretations and guidance.
