SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately 96 percent  during fiscal 
As described in Note 1, subscription and support revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract. License revenue is recognized as the licenses are delivered. Under Topic 606, the timing and amount of revenue recognition may differ in certain situations from the revenue recognized under previous accounting guidance that limited subscription and support revenue to the customer invoice amount for the period of service (collectively billings). Under Topic 606, the Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings and unearned revenue when the billings on a contract exceed the revenue recognized. The Company's standard billing terms are annual in advance. Contract assets were $215 million  as of January 31, 2019  as compared to $81 million  as of January 31, 2018 . Approximately $122 million  of contract assets were acquired in connection with the May 2018 MuleSoft acquisition. Impairments of contract assets were immaterial in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017. 
The concept of unearned revenue under Topic 606 is substantially similar to deferred revenue under previous accounting guidance, except for the removal of the limitation on contingent revenue. The unearned revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition from subscription services, including software licenses, described above and is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred. The Company generally invoices customers in annual installments. The unearned revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter.

BOEING CO report:
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We believe that the accounting estimates and assumptions are appropriate, however, given the increased uncertainties surrounding the severity and duration of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Commercial aircraft contracts The majority of our BCA segment revenue is derived from commercial aircraft contracts. For each contract, we determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received. We allocate the transaction price to each commercial aircraft performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices adjusted by an escalation formula as specified in the customer agreement. Revenue is recognized for each commercial aircraft performance obligation at the point in time when the aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. We use program accounting to determine the amount reported as cost of sales. 
In certain situations, where an aircraft is still in our possession, and title and risk of loss has passed to the customer (known as a bill-and-hold arrangement), revenue will be recognized when all specific requirements for transfer of control under a bill-and-hold arrangement have been met.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The discount rate, which is consistent with the weighted average cost of capital expected by a market participant, is based upon industry specific required rates of return, including consideration of both debt and equity components of the capital structure. Our discount rate may be impacted by changes in the risk free rate, cost of debt, equity risk premium and entity specific risks. 
Changes in our growth assumptions, including the risk of loss of key customers, or adverse changes in the discount rates could result in a decline in fair value and result in a goodwill impairment charge. 
Reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense   estimation   Reserves are established to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims and claims expenses under insurance policies we have issued. Underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense reserves. These reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including IBNR, as of the financial statement date.
