ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Seminole NGL Pipeline transports NGLs from the Hobbs hub and the Permian Basin to markets in southeast Texas, including our NGL fractionation complex located in and near Mont Belvieu. NGLs originating on the Mid-America Pipeline System are a significant source of throughput for the Seminole NGL Pipeline.
 • The Texas Express Pipeline extends from Skellytown, Texas to our NGL fractionation and storage complex located in and near Mont Belvieu. Mixed NGLs from production fields located in the Rocky Mountains, Permian Basin and Mid-Continent regions are delivered to the Texas Express Pipeline via an interconnect with our Mid-America Pipeline System near Skellytown. In addition, the Texas Express Pipeline transports mixed NGLs gathered by the Texas Express Gathering System. Also, mixed NGLs originating from the Denver-Julesburg (“DJ”) Basin in Colorado are transported to the Texas Express Pipeline using the Front Range Pipeline.
 • The Skelly-Belvieu Pipeline transports mixed NGLs from Skellytown, Texas to Mont Belvieu. The Skelly-Belvieu Pipeline receives a significant quantity of NGLs through an interconnect with our Mid-America Pipeline System at Skellytown.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company evaluates the operating performance of its segments based on financial measures such as revenues and adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization (“Adjusted OIBDA”). Adjusted OIBDA is defined as operating income excluding: (i) employee share-based compensation, (ii) depreciation and amortization, (iii) restructuring and other charges, (iv) certain impairment charges, (v) gains and losses on business and asset dispositions, (vi) certain inter-segment eliminations related to production studios, (vii) third-party transaction costs directly related to the acquisition and integration of Scripps Networks and other transactions, and (viii) other items impacting comparability, such as the non-cash settlement of a withholding tax claim. (See Note 22.) The Company uses this measure to assess the operating results and performance of its segments, perform analytical comparisons, identify strategies to improve performance and allocate resources to each segment. The Company believes Adjusted OIBDA is relevant to investors because it allows them to analyze the operating performance of each segment using the same metric management uses. The Company excludes share-based compensation, restructuring and other charges, certain impairment charges, gains and losses on business and asset dispositions and acquisition and integration costs from the calculation of Adjusted OIBDA due to their impact on comparability between periods. The Company also excludes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets, as these amounts do not represent cash payments in the current reporting period. Certain corporate expenses and inter-segment eliminations related to production studios are excluded from segment results to enable executive management to evaluate segment performance based upon the decisions of segment executives. Adjusted OIBDA and Total Adjusted OIBDA should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, operating income, net income and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
Effective January 1, 2019, the Company's definition of Adjusted OIBDA was modified to exclude all employee share-based compensation, whereas only mark-to-market share-based compensation was previously excluded. Over time, the Company has moved to a higher percentage of equity classified awards (in lieu of liability classified awards, which require mark-to-market accounting) under its stock incentive plans and expects to continue this practice in future periods. Since most equity classified awards are non-cash expenses not entirely under management control, the Company has elected to exclude all employee share-based compensation from Adjusted OIBDA beginning in 2019. The revised definition of Adjusted OIBDA will be used by the Company's CODM in evaluating segment performance in 2019. Accordingly, prior period amounts have been recast to reflect the current definition. 
Content expense is generally a component of costs of revenue on the consolidated statements of operations (see Note 6). No content impairments were recorded as a component of restructuring and other charges during the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. Content impairments of $ 405 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 were due to the strategic programming changes following the acquisition of Scripps Networks and are reflected in restructuring and other charges as further described in Note 17.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Interest rate cash flow hedges . We manage interest rate volatility by modifying the pricing or maturity characteristics of certain liabilities so that the net impact on expense is not, on a material basis, adversely affected by movements in interest rates. We use derivative instruments, including interest rate swaps that have indices related to the pricing of specific liabilities as part of our interest rate risk management strategy. We use cross-currency interest rate swaps to hedge interest payments on newly issued debt denominated in a different currency than the functional currency of the borrowing entity. Substantially all of these derivative instruments are highly effective and qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as a cash flow hedge, to the extent the hedge is effective, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses), net of deferred taxes, and reclassified to earnings when the hedged item affects earnings (see Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information). 
Hedges of net investments in non-U.S. operations . We have numerous investments outside the United States. The net assets of these subsidiaries are exposed to changes and volatility in currency exchange rates. We use local currency denominated debt to hedge our non-U.S. net investments against adverse movements in exchange rates. We may designate non-U.S. dollar-denominated borrowings in the U.S. as a net investment hedge of a portion of our overall non-U.S. operations. The gains and losses on our net investment in these designated non-U.S. operations are economically offset by losses and gains designated dollar-denominated borrowings. The revaluation of designated borrowings, net of deferred taxes, is recorded within currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) (see Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information). 
We use derivatives instruments to hedge certain investments in our non-U.S. operations against movements in exchange rates. These instruments may include cross-currency interest rate swaps, forwards and options. The after-tax gain/(loss) on these net investment hedge contracts, net of deferred taxes, is recorded within cumulative translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) (see Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information).
