SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, which offers proactive monitoring and instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self service offerings. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Marcus Hook Terminal. The Marcus Hook Terminal can receive crude oil via marine vessel and can deliver via marine vessel and pipeline. The terminal has a total active crude oil storage capacity of approximately 1 MMBbls. 
• Patoka, Illinois Terminal. The Patoka, Illinois terminal is a tank farm owned by the PEP joint venture and is located in Marion County, Illinois. The facility includes 234 acres of owned land and provides for approximately 1.9 MMBbls of crude oil storage. 
• Houston Terminal. The Houston Terminal, which was acquired by ET in the SemGroup acquisition and contributed to ETO in February 2020, consists of storage tanks located on the Houston Ship Channel with an aggregate storage capacity of 18.2 MMBbls used to store, blend and transport refinery products and refinery feedstocks via pipeline, barge, rail, truck and ship. This facility has five deep-water ship docks on the Houston Ship Channel capable of loading and unloading Suezmax cargo vessels and seven barge docks which can accommodate 23 barges simultaneously, three crude oil pipelines connecting to four refineries and numerous rail and truck loading spots.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $39 million in 2018, $109 million in 2017 and $325 million in 2016. These tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to AbbVie's operations for years prior to the separation. 
In September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for $4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $728 million in 2017 related to the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. For 2017 and 2016, the AMO earnings (losses) before taxes included in Abbott's consolidated earnings were $(18) million and $30 million, respectively. 
As discussed in Note 7 — Business Acquisitions, in conjunction with the acquisition of Alere, Abbott sold the Triage MeterPro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and liabilities related to its B-type Natriuretic Peptide assay business run on Beckman Coulter analyzers to Quidel Corporation (Quidel). The legal transfer of certain assets related to these businesses did not occur at the close of the sale to Quidel due to, among other factors, the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and other regulatory requirements in various countries. Under the terms of the sale agreement with Abbott, Quidel is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. The assets presented as held for disposition in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, primarily relate to the businesses sold to Quidel.
