SALESFORCE INC report:
We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in the near term as we continue to invest in technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. 
For fiscal 2023, the increase in marketing and sales expenses was primarily due to an increase of $1.3 billion in employee-related costs, including the amortization of deferred commissions and stock-based compensation expense. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by three percent since fiscal 2022 primarily due to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. Fiscal 2023 marketing and sales expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to our hiring pause that began in the second half of fiscal 2023, our January 2023 restructuring plan and decreased marketing expenses. 
We expect that marketing and sales expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may decrease as a percentage of revenues in the near term as we focus on leveraging our self-serve and partner-led channels and increasing our sales productivity.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., medical devices are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott’s medical device products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process.
In the EU, medical devices are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the Directive. In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) which replaces the existing directives in the EU for medical devices. The MDR will apply after a three to five-year (depending on product classification) transition period and imposes additional premarket and postmarket regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
platform, strong technology capabilities and value-added service offerings, all of which have allowed us to continue to serve our customers during these unprecedented conditions. During these difficult times, we are proactively supporting our customers by helping our restaurant and hospitality customers adapt to social distancing restrictions with tools and resources to build and manage carryout and delivery capabilities. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have developed additional innovative services, such as customer education webinars on the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”), assistance with recovery plans for location re-openings, and the creation of unique pantry kits to allow restaurants to continue servicing consumers. Our product development efforts remain in full force and we continue to deliver product innovations that resonate with our customers. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and ensuing decrease in total case volume, we have evolved our business focus and cost structure. We have taken a number of steps to secure new customer relationships and expand our market share, reduce fixed and variable operating costs on a temporary and permanent basis, and strengthen our liquidity position. We also have the ability to take further cost reduction actions on a temporary basis depending upon the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even so, there is no certainty that such measures, or any additional actions that we may take in the future, will be successful in mitigating the impact of the pandemic on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the CARES Act. The CARES Act, among other things, includes provisions relating to deferment of employer-side social security payments, net operating loss carryback periods, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations, technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property and federally backed loans to qualifying small-businesses. US Foods has benefited from certain provisions under the CARES Act and many of our customers are benefiting from the federally backed small business loan program. In addition, on December 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the “December 2020 Relief Bill”). The December 2020 Relief Bill, among other things, expands the federally backed small business loan program that was introduced as part of the CARES Act, which we expect will further benefit many of our customers. It is currently unclear if or how US Foods may indirectly benefit from the December 2020 Relief Bill, but we continue to examine the impact of the December 2020 Relief Bill on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
