WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to uncertain tax positions, goodwill and intangible assets, content rights, consolidation and revenue recognition. We base our estimates on historical experience, current developments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under these circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that cannot readily be determined from other sources. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. 
Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if it required assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate or different estimates could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
The development and selection of these critical accounting estimates have been determined by management and the related disclosures have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of the board of directors of the Company. We believe the following accounting estimates are critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations and involve the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In April 2020, an employee, alleging underpayment of sick pay, filed a class and representative action against the Company, alleging claims under California law for failure to pay all wages at termination and for Labor Code penalties under PAGA. Kristy v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 20CV366341; Santa Clara County Superior Court). A motion to dismiss was filed as to plaintiff's amended complaint, the case has been stayed due to the plaintiff's bankruptcy. 
In July 2020, an employee filed an action under PAGA on behalf of all California non-exempt employees alleging violations of California Labor Code provisions regarding meal and rest periods, minimum wage, overtime, wage statements, reimbursement of expenses, and payment of wages at termination. Schwab v. Costco Wholesale Corporation (Case No. 37-2020-00023551-CU-OE-CTL; San Diego County Superior Court). In August 2020, the Company filed a motion to strike portions of the complaint. 
In December 2017, the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated numerous cases concerning the impacts of opioid abuses filed against various defendants by counties, cities, hospitals, Native American tribes, third-party payors, and others. In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation   (MDL No. 2804) (N.D. Ohio). Included are federal cases that name the Company, including actions filed by counties and cities in Michigan, New Jersey, Oregon, Virginia and South Carolina, a third-party payor in Ohio, and class actions filed on behalf of infants born with opioid-related medical conditions in 40 states, and class actions and individual actions filed on behalf of individuals seeking to recover alleged increased insurance costs associated with opioid abuse in 43 states and American Samoa. In 2019, similar actions were commenced against the Company in state court in Utah. Claims against the Company in state courts in New Jersey, Oklahoma, and Arizona have been dismissed. The Company is defending all of these matters.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Includes our Belle Rose and Wilprise pipelines located in the coastal regions of Louisiana; two pipelines located near Port Arthur in southeast Texas; our San Jacinto pipeline located in East Texas; our Permian NGL lateral pipelines located in New Mexico; Leveret pipeline in West Texas and New Mexico; Enterprise Ethane Pipeline in Texas; and a pipeline in Colorado associated with our Meeker facility. Transportation services provided by the Wilprise and Leveret pipelines are regulated by federal governmental agencies.
We own a 74.7% consolidated interest in the 30-mile Wilprise pipeline through our majority owned subsidiary, Wilprise Pipeline Company, L.L.C. We proportionately consolidate our 50% undivided interest in a 45-mile segment of the Port Arthur pipelines. The remainder of these NGL pipelines are wholly owned.
The maximum number of barrels per day that our NGL pipelines can transport depends on the operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each injection and delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our NGL pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 3,703 MBPD, 3,412 MBPD and 3,589 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
