ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Natural gasoline, a mixture of pentanes and heavier hydrocarbons, is primarily used as a blendstock for motor gasoline, diluent in crude oil to aid in transportation, and as a petrochemical feedstock.
The results of operations from natural gas processing are primarily dependent on the difference between the revenues we earn from extracting NGLs (in terms of cash processing fees and/or the value of any retained NGLs) and the cost of natural gas and other operating costs incurred in connection with such extraction activities.
Natural gas processing utilizes service contracts that are either fee-based, commodity-based or a combination of the two. Our commodity-based contracts include keepwhole, margin-band, percent-of-liquids, percent-of-proceeds and contracts featuring a combination of commodity and fee-based terms. To the extent we retain all or a portion of the extracted NGLs as consideration for our processing services, we refer to such volumes as our “equity NGL production.”

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of September 2, 2019 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 – Leases (ASC 842). 
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Third parties may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property from time to time, and the success of any such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of intellectual property rights. Irrespective of their validity, such claims may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources which could have an adverse effect on our operations. In addition, piracy, which encompasses the theft of our signal, and unauthorized use of our content, in the digital environment continues to present a threat to revenues from products and services based on our intellectual property. We use external vendors to detect and remove infringing content and leverage our membership in a range of industry groups to address piracy issues. 
Our businesses are subject to and affected by regulations of U.S. federal, state and local government authorities, and our international operations are subject to laws and regulations of the countries and international bodies, such as the E.U., in which we operate. Content networks, such as those owned by us, are regulated by the FCC including some regulations that only apply to content networks affiliated with a cable television operator. Other FCC regulations, although imposed on cable television operators and direct broadcast satellite ("DBS") operators and other distributors, affect content networks indirectly. The rules, regulations, policies and procedures affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change. These descriptions are summary in nature and describe only the most significant regulations we face; they do not purport to describe all present and proposed laws and regulations affecting our businesses. 
The FCC’s program access rules prevent a satellite-delivered content vendor in which a cable operator has an “attributable” ownership interest from discriminating against unaffiliated multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”), such as cable and DBS operators, in the rates, terms and conditions for the sale or delivery of content. These rules permit the unaffiliated MVPD to initiate a complaint to the FCC against content networks if it believes this rule has been violated.
