ALLSTATE CORP report:
fair value of the hedged items. The change in fair value of hedging instruments used in fair value hedges of contractholder funds liabilities or a portion thereof is reported in interest credited to contractholder funds, together with the change in fair value of the hedged items. Accrued periodic settlements on swaps are reported together with the changes in fair value of the related swaps in net investment income or interest credited to contractholder funds. The amortized cost, net for fixed income securities or the carrying value of a designated hedged liability is adjusted for the change in fair value of the hedged risk. 
Cash flow hedges For hedging instruments used in cash flow hedges, the changes in fair value of the derivatives are reported in AOCI. Amounts are reclassified to net investment income, realized capital gains and losses or interest expense as the hedged or forecasted transaction affects income. Accrued periodic settlements on derivatives used in cash flow hedges are reported in net investment income. The amount reported in AOCI for a hedged transaction is the cumulative gain or loss on the derivative instrument from inception of the hedge less gains or losses previously reclassified from AOCI into income. If the Company expects at any time that the loss reported in AOCI would lead to a net loss on the combination of the hedging instrument and the hedged transaction which may not be recoverable, a loss is recognized immediately in realized capital gains and losses. If an impairment loss is recognized on an asset or an additional obligation is incurred on a liability involved in a hedge transaction, any offsetting gain in AOCI is reclassified and reported together with the impairment loss or recognition of the obligation. 
Termination of hedge accounting If, subsequent to entering into a hedge transaction, the derivative becomes ineffective (including if the hedged item is sold or otherwise extinguished, the occurrence of a hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable or the hedged asset has a credit loss), the Company may terminate the derivative position. The Company may also terminate derivative instruments or redesignate them as non-hedge as a result of other events or circumstances. If the derivative instrument is not terminated when a fair value hedge is no longer effective, the future gains and losses recognized on the derivative are reported in realized capital gains and losses. When a fair value hedge is no longer effective, is redesignated as non-hedge or when the derivative has been terminated, the fair value gain or loss on the hedged asset, liability or portion thereof previously recognized in income while the hedge was in place and used to adjust the amortized cost, net of hedged fixed income securities or mortgage loans or carrying value of a hedged liability, is amortized over the remaining life of the hedged asset, liability or portion thereof, and reflected in net investment income or interest credited to contractholder funds beginning in the period that hedge accounting is no longer applied.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our research and development activities are focused on developing products and improving processes that will drive growth or otherwise add value to our core business operations. In our refined and specialty oils and milling businesses, we have several research and development centers globally to support product development and enhancement. Additionally, Bunge Ventures, our corporate venture capital unit, invests in start-ups and other early-stage companies that are developing new technologies relevant to our industries. Additionally, we invest capital and human resources in digital innovations, aimed at using technology, data and analytics to improve how we perform our most important functions across our value chains, including origination, production, logistics, and customer experience. 
We own trademarks, patents, and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However, neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark, patent, or license. 
In our Agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year, since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres, and we sell and distribute products throughout the year. However, the first quarter of the year has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the North and South American oilseed harvests, as the North American harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, and the South American harvest peaks in the second quarter. Our North and South American grain merchandising and oilseed processing activities are, therefore, generally at lower levels during the first quarter.

BOEING CO report:
Other income, net increased by $346 million in 2019 primarily due to higher non-operating pension income. Other income, net decreased by $31 million in 2018 primarily due to lower gains from foreign exchange, partially offset by higher interest income. 
The non-operating pension income included in Other income, net was $374 million in 2019 , $143 million in 2018 , and $117 million in 2017 . The increased income in 2019 compared to 2018 was due to lower amortization of actuarial losses, partially offset by decreases in expected return on assets and increases in interest cost. The increase in 2018 compared to 2017 was due to decreases in interest cost and increases in estimated return on assets, partially offset by higher amortization of actuarial losses. 
Cost of sales, for both products and services, consists primarily of raw materials, parts, sub-assemblies, labor, overhead and subcontracting costs. Our BCA segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales. Under program accounting, cost of sales for each commercial airplane program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. For long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. Substantially all contracts at our BDS segment and certain contracts at our BGS segment are long-term contracts with the U.S. government and other customers that generally extend over several years. Costs on these contracts are recorded as incurred. Cost of sales for commercial spare parts is recorded at average cost.
