MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Purchase obligations for inventory and production costs (such as raw materials, indirect materials and supplies, packaging, co-manufacturing arrangements, storage and distribution) are commitments for projected needs to be utilized in the normal course of business. Other purchase obligations include commitments for marketing, advertising, capital expenditures, information technology and professional services. Arrangements are considered purchase obligations if a contract specifies all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, a pricing structure and approximate timing of the transaction. Most arrangements are cancelable without a significant penalty and with short notice (usually 30 days). Any amounts reflected on the consolidated balance sheet as accounts payable and accrued liabilities are excluded from the table above. 
In connection with U.S. tax reform, we currently estimate paying a total $1.3 billion transition tax liability through 2026. As of December 31, 2018 , the amount outstanding was $1.2 billion . The amounts and timing of our tax payments are likely to change as a result of additional guidance issued. See Note 15, Income Taxes , for additional information on U.S. tax reform and its impact on our financial statements. 
Other long-term liabilities in the table above include both the current and long-term related liabilities. We have included the estimated future benefit payments for our postretirement health care plans through December 31, 2028 of $198 million. We are unable to reliably estimate the timing of the payments beyond 2028; as such, they are excluded from the above table. There are also another $15 million of various other long-term liabilities that are expected to be paid over the next 5 years. In addition, the following long-term liabilities included on the consolidated balance sheet are excluded from the table above: accrued pension costs, estimated multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits, insurance accruals and other accruals. As of December 31, 2018 , our unrecognized tax benefit, including associated interest and penalties, classified as a long-term payable is $550 million . We currently expect to make approximately $237 million in contributions to our pension plans in 2019 . In 2018, we estimated a multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liability of $573 million . We anticipate receiving an assessment in 2019, and the ultimate withdrawal liability may change from the currently estimated amount. We will record any future adjustments in the period during which the liability is confirmed or as new information becomes available. We expect to pay the liability over a period of 20 years from the date of the assessment.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The EFS Midstream System serves producers in the Eagle Ford Shale, by providing condensate gathering and processing services as well as gathering, treating and compression services for associated natural gas. The EFS Midstream System includes 500 miles of gathering pipelines, 11 central gathering plants having a combined condensate storage capacity of 0.3 MMBbls, 201 MBPD of condensate stabilization capacity and 1.0 Bcf/d of associated natural gas treating capacity.
 • The Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System transports crude oil and condensate for producers in South Texas. The system, which is effectively looped and has a capacity to transport over 600 MBPD of light and medium grades of crude oil, consists of 390 miles of crude oil and condensate pipelines originating in Gardendale, Texas and extending to Corpus Christi, Texas. The system interconnects with our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System in Wilson County, Texas and our Corpus Christi marine terminal.
In addition to the operational storage capacity associated with our crude oil pipelines, we also own and operate crude oil terminals located in Houston, Midland and Beaumont, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma that are used to store crude oil for us and our customers. In conjunction with other aspects of our midstream network, our crude oil terminals provide Gulf Coast refiners with an integrated system featuring supply diversification, significant storage capabilities and a high capacity pipeline distribution system. Our system has access to an aggregate refining capacity of approximately 8 MMBPD.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Effective July 1, 2018, the Company early adopted ASU 2017-12. As a result, the Company changed the method by which it assesses effectiveness for net investment hedges from the forward-method to the spot-method. Management believes the spot method better matches the spot rate changes of the net investment. The entire change in the fair value of derivatives that qualify as net investment hedges is initially recorded in the currency translation adjustment component of other comprehensive income. While the change in fair value attributable to hedge effectiveness remains in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the net investment is sold or liquidated, the change in fair value attributable to components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (e.g., forward points, cross currency basis, etc.) is reflected as a component of interest expense, net in the current period. Previous net losses of $87 million  incurred under the forward method related to net investment hedges will remain in other comprehensive loss under the currency translation adjustments component and will be reclassified to earnings when the net investment is sold or liquidated. Additionally, as a result of ASU 2017-12, for foreign exchange forward contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges, the ineffective portion (if any) will not be separately recorded, as the entire change in the fair value of the forward contract will be recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into the statement of operations in the same line item in which the hedged item is recorded and in the same period as the hedged item affects earnings. 
The Company designates foreign currency forward and option contracts as cash flow hedges to mitigate foreign currency risk arising from third-party revenue and inter-company licensing agreements. The Company also designates interest rate contracts used to hedge the pricing for certain senior notes as cash flow hedges. As of December 31, 2018 there were no interest rate contracts outstanding. 
During the year ended December 31, 2016 , the Company terminated and settled its outstanding interest rate cash flow hedges which resulted in a $40 million  pretax gain. As the hedges were considered to be effective and the forecasted transactions were considered probable of occurring, the gain remained in accumulated other comprehensive loss  and will be amortized as a reduction to interest expense over the term of the forecasted senior notes. The Company reclassified $17 million of the gains from accumulated other comprehensive loss to other (expense) income, net, in the Company's consolidated statements of operations, as the forecasted transaction was considered remote following the issuance of the USD Notes on September 21, 2017.
