ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Refined products marine terminals. We own and operate marine terminals located on the Neches River near Beaumont, Texas that handle refined products along with crude oil. Our Beaumont facilities include five deep-water ship docks, three barge docks and access to approximately 10.4 MMBbls of aggregate refined products storage capacity.
We also handle refined products at EHT on the Houston Ship Channel. In addition to providing vessel loading and unloading services for refined products, EHT’s refined products operations include 2.5 MMBbls of aggregate storage capacity through the use of 21 above-ground storage tanks.
Refined products marketing activities. Our refined products marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of refined products obtained on the open market. The results of operations from our refined products marketing activities are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between product sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our other assets. In general, we sell our refined products at market-based prices, which may include pricing differentials for factors such as grade and delivery location. We use derivative instruments to mitigate our exposure to commodity price risks associated with our refined products marketing activities. For a discussion of our commodity hedging program, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
In September 2018, we announced our new strategic plan that builds on our strong foundations, including our unique portfolio of iconic global and local brands, our attractive global footprint, our market leadership in developed and emerging markets and our margin expansion in recent years that will allow us to make ongoing investments in our product portfolio. 
Accelerate consumer-centric growth. As demands on consumers’ time increase and consumer eating habits evolve, we aim to meet consumers' needs for what they eat, why they buy and how and where they buy. We have developed a new approach, which we call demand spaces, to identify and address how consumers snack across different emotional or functional needs and occasions that we believe will allow us to meet consumer needs and identify innovation and renovation opportunities. We are also evolving our innovation approach to meet diverse, local consumer needs and we plan to test, learn and scale new product offerings quickly to meet evolving local and global snacking demand. We believe our greater understanding of consumers’ snacking needs will lead to meeting more of their needs and demand for snacks. 
Drive operational excellence. Over the last five years, we have driven productivity gains and cost improvements across our business and increased our operating margins as a result. We plan to continue to improve efficiency by leveraging our global shared services platform, driving greater efficiencies in our supply chain and continuing to utilize Zero-Based Budgeting (“ZBB”) across our operations. We plan to focus on continuous improvement with a special focus on the consumer-facing areas of our business such as sales, marketing and customer service. We expect the improvements and efficiencies we drive will provide funds for growth and continue to expand profit dollars.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
increased working capital requirements, partially offset by $48.7 million in purchases of our common stock and dividend payments of $31.0 million. Net cash used in financing activities of $113.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by common stock repurchases of $50.5 million, dividend payments on our common stock of $28.7 million, and net repayments of debt under our Credit Facility of $23.9 million. 
Management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this 2022 10‑K Report, which has been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to unbilled revenue and associated costs of sales, allowance for credit losses, goodwill and long-lived assets, certain accrued liabilities, and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
We have identified the areas described below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations given the uncertainties associated with the assumptions underlying each estimate. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other significant accounting policies, see Note 1. Basis of Presentation, New Accounting Standards, and Significant Accounting Policies.
