WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We use commodity-based derivative contracts and financial instruments, when we deem it appropriate, to manage the risks associated with changes in the prices of fuel and fuel-related products, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, or to capture market opportunities. We utilize hedge accounting and formally designate certain of our derivative instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. Derivative instruments that are not designated are considered non-designated hedges and are designed to achieve an economic offset of the underlying price risk exposure. Financial instruments and positions affecting our financial statements are described below and are held primarily for hedging purposes. As a result, any changes in income associated with our derivatives contracts are substantially offset by corresponding changes in the value of the underlying risk being mitigated. 
Our commercial business segments use derivative instruments, primarily futures, forward, swap, and option contracts, in various markets to manage price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel. Certain of these derivative instruments are utilized to mitigate the risk of price volatility in forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge relationship and to mitigate the risk of changes in the price of our inventory in a fair value hedge relationship. In addition, we use derivatives as economic hedges or to optimize the value of our fuel inventory to capitalize on anticipated market opportunities. As of December 31, 2018 , and December 31, 2017 , the notional and fair market values of our commodity-based derivative instruments position were as follows (in millions, except weighted average contract price): 
We hedge our exposure to currency exchange rate changes, such as foreign-currency-denominated trade receivables, payables, or local currency tax payments. The foreign currency exchange rate risk results primarily from our international operations and is economically hedged using forward and swap contracts. The changes in the fair value of these foreign currency exchange derivatives are recorded in earnings. Since the gains or losses on the forward and swap contracts are substantially offset by the gains or losses from remeasuring the hedged foreign-currency-denominated exposure, we do not believe that a hypothetical 10% change in exchange rates at December 31, 2018 would have a material impact on our income from operations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facilities, short-term borrowings and our authorized long-term financing will continue to provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures and future payments of our contractual, tax and benefit plan obligations and payments for acquisitions, share repurchases and quarterly dividends. We expect to continue to utilize our commercial paper program and international credit lines as needed. We continually evaluate long-term debt issuances to meet our short- and longer-term funding requirements. We also use intercompany loans with our international subsidiaries to improve financial flexibility. Our investments in JDE Peet's and KDP also provide us additional flexibility. Overall, we do not expect negative effects to our funding sources that would have a material effect on our liquidity, and we continue to monitor our operations in Europe and related effects from the war in Ukraine. To date, we have been successful in generating cash and raising financing as needed. However, if a serious economic or credit market crisis ensues or other adverse developments arise, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
Our most significant ongoing short-term cash requirements relate primarily to funding operations (including expenditures for raw materials, labor, manufacturing and distribution, trade and promotions, advertising and marketing, tax liabilities, benefit plan obligations and lease expenses) as well as periodic expenditures for acquisitions, shareholder returns (such as dividend payments and share repurchases), property, plant and equipment and any significant one-time non-operating items. 
Long-term cash requirements primarily relate to funding long-term debt repayments (refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements ), our U.S. tax reform transition tax liability and deferred taxes (refer to Note 16, Income Taxes ), our long-term benefit plan obligations (refer to Note 11, Benefit Plans ) and commodity-related purchase commitments and derivative contracts (refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments ).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We did not record any goodwill impairment charges during the three years ended December 31, 2018. For additional information regarding our goodwill, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
As noted previously, preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates that affect amounts presented in the financial statements. Due to the time required to compile actual billing information and receive third party data needed to record transactions, we routinely employ estimates in connection with revenue and expense amounts in order to meet our accelerated financial reporting deadlines. 
Our most significant routine estimates involve certain natural gas processing plant revenues and costs, pipeline transportation revenues, fractionation revenues, marketing revenues and related purchases, and power and utility costs. These types of transactions must be estimated since the actual amounts are generally unavailable at the time we complete our accounting close process. The estimates subsequently reverse in the next accounting period when the corresponding actual customer billing or vendor-invoiced amounts are recorded.
