MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses, partial or full sales of equity method investments and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, we reflected the impact of prior-quarter sales of KDP and JDE Peet’s shares within divested results as if the sales occurred at the beginning of all periods presented. 
(8) Includes our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring program costs. 
(11) Refer to Note 12, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and Note 17, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For those derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments, including offsetting changes in fair value of the hedged items and amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recorded in other expense, net . 
The Company may also enter into derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting and are not designated as hedges. These instruments are intended to mitigate economic exposures due to exogenous events and changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges and the ineffective portion of derivatives designated as hedging instruments are recorded in other expense, net . 
Unsettled derivative contracts are recorded at their gross fair values on the consolidated balance sheets. The portion of the fair value that represents cash flows occurring within one year is classified as current, and the portion related to cash flows occurring beyond one year is classified as noncurrent. Gains and losses on designated cash flow and net investment hedges are initially recognized as components of accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets and reclassified into the statements of operations in the same line item in which the hedged item is recorded and in the same period as the hedged item affects earnings. The Company records gains and losses for instruments that receive no hedging designation, as a component of other expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our natural gas processing plants in Louisiana and Mississippi increased a combined $54.1 million year-to-year primarily due to (i) lower repair and operating costs, which accounted for $19.4 million of the increase and were mainly attributable to fire-related repairs completed at the Pascagoula plant in 2016, (ii) a one-time $19.1 million benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 in connection with proceeds from the business interruption insurance claim at our Pascagoula gas plant and (iii) higher average processing margins, which accounted for an additional $9.8 million increase. Fee-based natural gas processing volumes at our Louisiana and Mississippi plants increased a combined 138 MMcf/d year-to-year. 
Gross operating margin from our Meeker, Pioneer and Chaco natural gas processing plants increased a net $31.5 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average processing margins, which accounted for $41.9 million of the increase and reflect the impact of hedging activities, partially offset by lower average processing fees, which accounted for a $7.3 million decrease. On a combined basis for these three plants, fee-based natural gas processing volumes and equity NGL production decreased 61 MMcf/d and increased 16 MBPD, respectively, year-to-year. 
Gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities decreased a net $10.4 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins, which accounted for a $37.9 million decrease, partially offset by higher sales volumes, which accounted for a $20.1 million increase, and lower railcar leasing costs, which accounted for an additional $7.4 million increase. Results from NGL marketing’s activities decreased $11.4 million year-to-year due to non-cash, mark-to-market activity.
