ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Certain assets, primarily diagnostics instruments, are leased to customers under contractual arrangements that typically include an operating or sales-type lease as well as performance obligations for reagents and other consumables. Sales-type leases are not significant. Contract terms vary by customer and may include options to terminate the contract or options to extend the contract. Where instruments are provided under operating lease arrangements, some portion or the entire lease revenue may be variable and subject to subsequent non-lease component (e.g., reagent) sales. The allocation of revenue between the lease and non-lease components is based on stand-alone selling prices. Operating lease revenue represented less than 3 percent of Abbott’s total net sales in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. 
Assets related to operating leases are reported within Net property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The original cost and the net book value of such assets were $ 3.3 billion and $ 1.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2020 and $ 2.8 billion and $ 1.2 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2019.
Certain Abbott foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates primarily for anticipated intercompany purchases by those subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. These contracts, with gross notional amounts totaling $ 8.1 billion at December 31, 2020, and $ 6.8 billion at December 31, 2019, are designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of the cash flows due to changes in foreign exchange rates and are recorded at fair value. Accumulated gains and losses as of December 31, 2020 will be included in Cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally through the next twelve to eighteen months .

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
As of December 31,   2020 2019 Facility Amount Borrowed Amount Facility Amount Borrowed Amount (in millions) Uncommitted credit facilities $ 1,487   $ 29   $ 1,685   $ 57   
February 26, 2020 —   —   1,500   —   February 24, 2021 1,500   —   —   —   February 27, 2024 4,500   —   4,500   —   
(1) We maintain a multi-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility for general corporate purposes, including working capital needs, and to support our commercial paper program. The revolving credit agreement includes a covenant that we maintain a minimum shareholders' equity of at least $ 24.6 billion, excluding accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses), the cumulative effects of any changes in accounting principles and earnings/(losses) recognized in connection with the ongoing application of any mark-to-market accounting for pensions and other retirement plans. At December 31, 2020, we complied with this covenant as our shareholders' equity, as defined by the covenant, was $ 38.3 billion. The revolving credit facility also contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. There are no credit rating triggers, provisions or other financial covenants that could require us to post collateral as security .

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The U.S. Department of Labor and its agencies, the Employee Benefits Security Administration, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”), and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, regulate our employment practices and standards for workers. We are also subject to laws that prohibit discrimination in employment based on non-merit categories, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and other laws relating to accessibility. Our workers’ compensation self-insurance is subject to regulation by the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
Our facilities are subject to inspections under the Occupational Safety and Health Act related to our compliance with certain manufacturing, health and safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. We are also subject to the National Labor Relations Act, which governs the process for collective bargaining between employers and employees and protects the rights of both employers and employees in the workplace. 
For the purchase of products produced, harvested or manufactured outside of the U.S., and for the shipment of products to customers located outside of the U.S., we are subject to applicable customs laws regarding the import and export of various products.
