SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, the Company's go-to-market strategy, historical and current sales and contract prices. In instances where the Company does not sell or price a product or service separately, the Company determines SSP using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As the Company’s go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP. 
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold or priced separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when indicated by the distribution of its observable prices. 
Alternatively, the Company uses a range of amounts to estimate SSP when the pricing practices or distribution of the observable prices is highly variable. The Company typically has more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
(2) $ 675 million, $ 20 million and $ 343 million of goodwill were allocated to the Allstate Protection, Protection Services and Allstate Health and Benefits segments, respectively, and is non-deductible for income tax purposes. Goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies and future growth opportunities. 
(3) Subsequent to the acquisition, the Company repaid $ 100 million of 7.625 % Subordinated Notes and $ 72 million of Subordinated Debentures on February 3, 2021 and March 15, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had principal balance remaining of $ 350 million 6.750 % Senior Notes due 2024, with a fair value adjustment of $ 26 million. 
Intangible assets (reported in other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position) consist of capitalized costs, primarily of the estimated fair value of distribution and customer relationships, trade names, licenses and technology assets.

BOEING CO report:
We inquired of the Company’s management, including individuals responsible for sales and pricing, to evaluate the status of current sales campaigns, short and long-term market demand, and overall program status. 
We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and assumptions used in developing its estimates related to the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units. 
We tested the effectiveness of controls including those over the data used in developing the estimates, the mathematical extrapolation of such data, and management’s judgment regarding the range of possible outcomes relating to the specific estimates.
