WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value are classified in the following three categories:    Level 1 
Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. 
Equity securities include money market funds, investments in mutual funds held in separate trusts, which are owned as part of the Company’s supplemental retirement plans, and company-owned life insurance contracts. (See Note 16.) The fair value of Level 1 equity securities was determined by reference to the quoted market price per share in active markets multiplied by the number of shares held without consideration of transaction costs. The fair value of the deferred compensation plan liability was determined based on the fair value of the related investments elected by employees. Changes in the fair value of the investments are offset by changes in the fair value of the deferred compensation obligation. (See Note 16.) Company-owned life insurance contracts are recorded at their cash surrender value, which approximates fair value (Level 2).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System has the capacity to transport approximately 450 MBPD of crude oil and condensate originating in South Texas to customers in the Houston area. This system includes storage terminal assets located at Lyssy, Milton, Marshall and Sealy, Texas. The South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System also includes our Rancho II pipeline, which extends 89-miles from the Sealy terminal to our ECHO terminal. From ECHO, we have connectivity to refinery customers and our marine terminals along the Texas Gulf Coast.
 • The Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System transports crude oil and condensate for producers in South Texas. The system, which is effectively looped and has a capacity to transport over 600 MBPD of light and medium grades of crude oil, consists of 390 miles of crude oil and condensate pipelines originating in Gardendale, Texas and extending to Corpus Christi, Texas. The system interconnects with our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System in Wilson County, Texas and our Corpus Christi marine terminal.
In addition to the operational storage capacity associated with our crude oil pipelines, we also own and operate crude oil terminals located in Houston, Midland and Beaumont, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma that are used to store crude oil for us and our customers. In conjunction with other aspects of our midstream network, our crude oil terminals provide Gulf Coast refiners with an integrated system featuring supply diversification, significant storage capabilities and a high capacity pipeline distribution system. Our system has access to an aggregate refining capacity of approximately 8 MMBPD.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In addition, on May 10, 2017, the FERC prohibited Rover from conducting HDD activities at 27 sites in Ohio. On July 31, 2017, the FERC issued an independent third party assessment of what led to the release at the Tuscarawas River site and what Rover can do to prevent reoccurrence once the HDD suspension is lifted. Rover has implemented the suggestions in the assessment and additional voluntary protocols. The FERC has authorized Rover to resume HDD activities at all sites.   
In late 2016, FERC Enforcement Staff began a non-public investigation of Rover’s demolition of the Stoneman House, a potential historic structure, in connection with Rover’s application for permission to construct a new interstate natural gas pipeline and related facilities. Rover and ETO are cooperating with the investigation. In March and April 2017, Enforcement Staff provided Rover its non-public preliminary findings regarding its investigation. The company disagrees with those findings and intends to vigorously defend against any potential penalty. Given the stage of the proceeding, and the non-public nature of the preliminary findings and investigation, ETO is unable at this time to provide an assessment of the potential outcome or range of potential liability, if any. 
On July 25, 2017, the Pennsylvania Environmental Hearing Board (“EHB”) issued an order to SPLP to cease HDD activities in Pennsylvania related to the Mariner East 2 project. On August 1, 2017 the EHB lifted the order as to two drill locations. On August 3, 2017, the EHB lifted the order as to 14 additional locations. The EHB issued the order in response to a complaint filed by environmental groups against SPLP and the PADEP. The EHB Judge encouraged the parties to pursue a settlement with respect to the remaining HDD locations and facilitated a settlement meeting. On August 7, 2017 a final settlement was reached. A stipulated order has been submitted to the EHB Judge with respect to the settlement. The settlement agreement requires that SPLP reevaluate the design parameters of approximately 26 drills on the Mariner East 2 project and approximately 43 drills on the Mariner East 2X project. The settlement agreement also provides a defined framework for approval by PADEP for these drills to proceed after reevaluation. Additionally, the settlement agreement requires modifications to several of the HDD plans that are part of the PADEP permits. Those modifications have been completed and agreed to by the parties. SPLP continued throughout 2018 to complete HDDs on the Mariner East 2 project using the reevaluation process outlined in the EHB order. On July 31, 2018, the environmental groups voluntarily dismissed their action in the EHB after reaching a settlement with the PADEP that did not involve SPLP.
