ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The indentures covering HFOTCO’s tax exempt notes due 2050 (“IKE Bonds”) include customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants. Such covenants include limitations on the creation of new liens, indebtedness, making of certain restricted payments and payments on indebtedness, making certain dispositions, making material changes in business activities, making fundamental changes including liquidations, mergers or consolidations, making certain investments, entering into certain transactions with affiliates, making amendments to certain credit or organizational agreements, modifying the fiscal year, creating or dealing with hazardous materials in certain ways, entering into certain hedging arrangements, entering into certain restrictive agreements, funding or engaging in sanctioned activities, taking actions or causing the trustee to take actions that materially adversely affect the rights, interests, remedies or security of the bondholders, taking actions to remove the trustee, making certain amendments to the bond documents, and taking actions or omitting to take actions that adversely impact the tax exempt status of the IKE Bonds. 
Under its Partnership Agreement, Energy Transfer will distribute all of its Available Cash, as defined in the Partnership Agreement, within 50 days following the end of each fiscal quarter. Available Cash generally means, with respect to any quarter, all cash on hand at the end of such quarter less the amount of cash reserves that are necessary or appropriate in the reasonable discretion of our general partner that is necessary or appropriate to provide for future cash requirements. 
The total amounts of distributions declared and paid during the periods presented (all from Available Cash from Energy Transfer’s operating surplus and are shown in the period to which they relate) are as follows:

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Costs of produced and coproduced content consist of development costs, acquired production costs, direct production costs, certain production overhead costs and participation costs. The Company’s coproduction arrangements generally provide for the sharing of production costs. The Company records its costs but does not record the costs borne by the other party as the Company does not share any associated economics of exploitation. 
Licensed content is comprised of films or series that have been previously produced by third parties and the Company does not own the rights . Program licenses typically have fixed terms and require payments during the term of the license. The cost of licensed content is capitalized when the cost is known or reasonably determinable, the license period for the programs has commenced, the program materials have been accepted by the Company in accordance with the license agreements, and the programs are available for the first showing. The Company pays in advance of delivery for television series, specials, films and sports rights. Payments made in advance of when the right to air the content is received are recognized as prepaid licensed content. Participation costs are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs. Content distribution, advertising, marketing, general and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. 
Linear content amortization expense for each period is recognized based on the revenue forecast model, which approximates the proportion that estimated distribution and advertising revenues for the current period represent in relation to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues. Digital content amortization for each period is recognized based on estimated viewing patterns as there are no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets and therefore, number of views is most representative of the use of the title. Judgment is required to determine the useful lives and amortization patterns of the Company’s content assets.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Normal butane is used as a petrochemical feedstock in the production of ethylene and butadiene (a key ingredient of synthetic rubber), as a blendstock for motor gasoline, and to produce isobutane through isomerization.
 • Isobutane is fractionated from mixed butane (a mixed stream of normal butane and isobutane) or produced from normal butane through the process of isomerization, and is used in refinery alkylation to enhance the octane content of motor gasoline, in the production of isooctane and other octane additives, and in the production of propylene oxide.
 • Natural gasoline, a mixture of pentanes and heavier hydrocarbons, is primarily used as a blendstock for motor gasoline, diluent in crude oil to aid in transportation, and as a petrochemical feedstock.
