COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. U.S. merchandise inventories are valued by the cost method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis. The Company believes the LIFO method more fairly presents the results of operations by more closely matching current costs with current revenues. The Company records an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the projected annual effect of inflation or deflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end, after actual inflation or deflation rates and inventory levels have been determined. An immaterial charge was recorded to merchandise costs to increase the cumulative LIFO valuation on merchandise inventories at August 29, 2021. As of August 30, 2020, U.S. merchandise inventories valued at LIFO approximated first-in, first-out (FIFO) after considering the lower of cost or market principle. Canadian and Other International merchandise inventories are predominantly valued using the cost and retail inventory methods, respectively, using the FIFO basis. 
The Company provides for estimated inventory losses between physical inventory counts using estimates based on experience. The provision is adjusted periodically to reflect physical inventory counts, which generally occur in the second and fourth fiscal quarters. Inventory cost, where appropriate, is reduced by estimates of vendor rebates when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning those rebates, provided that they are probable and reasonably estimable. 
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization expense is computed primarily using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements made after the beginning of the initial lease term are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining term of the initial lease plus any renewals that are reasonably certain at the date the leasehold improvements are made.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The following table summarizes the activity for foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges, debt designated as a hedge of net investment in a foreign subsidiary and certain other derivative financial instruments, as well as the amounts and location of income (expense) and gain (loss) reclassified into income. 
A gain of $ 19 million, a loss of $ 171 million and a gain of $ 75 million were recognized in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedges. These amounts are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line.
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On August 6, 2019, Switzerland published changes to its Federal tax law in the Official Federal Collection of Laws. On September 27, 2019, the Zurich Canton published their decision on the September 1, 2019 Zurich Canton public vote regarding the Cantonal changes associated with the Swiss Federal tax law change. The intent of these tax law changes was to replace certain preferential tax regimes with a new set of internationally accepted measures that are hereafter referred to as "Swiss tax reform". Based on these Federal/Cantonal events, our position is the enactment of Swiss tax reform for U.S. GAAP purposes was met as of September 30, 2019, and we recorded the impacts in the third quarter 2019. The net impact was a benefit of $ 767 million , which consisted of a $ 769 million reduction in deferred tax expense from an allowed step-up of intangible assets for tax purposes (recorded net of valuation allowance) and remeasurement of our deferred tax balances, partially offset by a $ 2 million indirect tax impact in selling, general and administrative expenses. The future rate impacts of these Swiss tax reform law changes are effective starting January 1, 2020. We will continue to monitor Swiss tax reform for any additional interpretative guidance that could result in changes to the amounts we have recorded. 
On December 22, 2017, new U.S. tax reform legislation ("U.S. tax reform") was enacted that included a broad range of complex provisions impacting the taxation of businesses. Certain impacts of the new legislation would have generally required accounting to be completed and incorporated into our 2017 year-end financial statements, however in response to the complexities of this new legislation, the SEC issued guidance to provide companies with relief. The SEC provided up to a one-year window for companies to finalize the accounting for the impacts of this new legislation. We finalized our accounting for the new provisions during the fourth quarter of 2018. U.S. tax reform resulted in a total transition tax liability of $ 1,284 million ( $ 1,279 million as of December 31, 2018 and $ 5 million of 2019 related updates) based on the deemed repatriation of our accumulated foreign earnings and profits, which will be paid in installments through 2026, and a related change in our indefinite reinvestment assertion for most companies owned directly by our U.S. subsidiaries. In addition, the legislation reduced the U.S. federal tax rate from 35% to 21% and established various new provisions, including a new provision that taxes U.S. allocated expenses (e.g. interest and general administrative expenses) as well as currently taxes certain income from foreign operations (Global Intangible Low-Tax Income, or “GILTI”). 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ("TCJA") established the Global Intangible Low-Tax Income ("GILTI") provision, which taxes U.S. allocated expenses and certain income from foreign operations; the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income ("FDII")
