WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company may provide or receive indemnities intended to allocate business transaction risks. Similarly, the Company may remain contingently liable for certain obligations of a divested business in the event that a third party does not fulfill its obligations under an indemnification obligation. The Company records a liability for its indemnification obligations and other contingent liabilities when probable and estimable. There were no  material amounts for indemnifications or other contingencies recorded as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 . 
The Company’s operating segments are determined based on (i) financial information reviewed by its chief operating decision maker ("CODM"), the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), (ii) internal management and related reporting structure, and (iii) the basis upon which the CEO makes resource allocation decisions. The Company's operating segments did not change as a result of the acquisition of Scripps Networks. 
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Company’s, except that certain inter-segment transactions that are eliminated for consolidation are not eliminated at the segment level. Inter-segment transactions primarily include advertising and content purchases.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The South Texas Gathering System gathers natural gas from the Olmos and Wilcox formations for delivery into our Texas Intrastate System, which delivers the natural gas to our South Texas natural gas processing plants. 
The Old Ocean Pipeline transports natural gas from an injection point on our Texas Intrastate System near Maypearl, Texas for delivery to a pipeline interconnect at Sweeny, Texas. In May 2018, we announced the formation of a 50/50 joint venture with Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. ( “ETP”) to resume full service on the Old Ocean natural gas pipeline owned by ETP. The 24-inch diameter Old Ocean Pipeline originates in Maypearl, Texas in Ellis County and extends south approximately 240 miles to Sweeny, Texas in Brazoria County. ETP serves as operator of the pipeline, which has a gross natural gas transportation capacity of 160 MMcf/d. Repairs were completed on the pipeline, and it entered full service in January 2019. 
In addition, both parties expanded their jointly owned North Texas 36-inch diameter natural gas pipeline, which is a component of our Texas Intrastate System. The expansion project was completed in January 2019 and provides us with additional natural gas takeaway capacity of 150 MMcf/d from West Texas, including deliveries into the Old Ocean Pipeline. The resumption of full service on the Old Ocean Pipeline and expansion of the North Texas Pipeline provide producers with additional takeaway capacity to accommodate growing natural gas production from the Delaware and Midland Basins.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company provides for the daily replenishment of major bank accounts as payments are presented. Included in accounts payable at the end of 2021 and 2020, are $ 999 and $ 810 , respectively, representing the excess of outstanding payments over cash on deposit at the banks on which the payments were drawn. 
Short-term investments generally consist of debt securities (U.S. Government and Agency Notes), with maturities at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. These available-for-sale investments have a low level of inherent credit risk given they are issued by the U.S. Government and Agencies. Changes in their fair value are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis. 
The Company periodically evaluates unrealized losses in its investment securities for credit impairment, using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. In the event a security is deemed to be impaired as the result of a credit loss, the Company recognizes the loss in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income.
