ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 444 miles to our Sealy terminal, with crude oil volumes arriving at Sealy transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline. The Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline was created by converting the Midland-to-Sealy segment of one of our two Seminole NGL pipelines from NGL service to crude oil service. We retain the flexibility to convert this pipeline back to NGL service should future market conditions support the need for additional NGL transportation capacity out of the Permian Basin. The Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline has an approximate maximum transportation capacity of up to 225 MBPD, depending on certain operational variables.
The Midland-to-ECHO 3 Pipeline is comprised of a 36-inch pipeline extending from Midland, Texas to our ECHO terminal, and further from ECHO to a third-party terminal in Webster, Texas (collectively, the “Midland-to-Webster pipeline”). The maximum transportation capacity on the Midland-to-Webster pipeline is approximately 450 MBPD.
 • The Seaway Pipeline connects the Cushing, Oklahoma crude oil hub with markets in southeast Texas. The Seaway Pipeline is comprised of the Longhaul System, the Freeport System and the Texas City System. The Cushing hub is an industry trading hub and price settlement point for WTI crude oil on the New York Mercantile Exchange (“NYMEX”).

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Except for the 2017 impairment of the goodwill associated with CDM, as discussed above, the goodwill impairments recorded by the Partnership during the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 represented all of the goodwill within the respective reporting units. 
During 2017, Sunoco LP announced the sale of a majority of the assets in its retail and Stripes reporting units. These reporting units include the retail operations in the continental United States but excludes the retail convenience store operations in Hawaii 
that comprise the Aloha reporting unit. Upon the classification of assets and related liabilities as held for sale, Sunoco LP’s management applied the measurement guidance in ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, to calculate the fair value less cost to sell of the disposal group. In accordance with ASC 360-10-35-39, Sunoco LP’s management first tested the goodwill included within the disposal group for impairment prior to measuring the disposal group’s fair value less the cost to sell. In the determination of the classification of assets held for sale and the related liabilities, Sunoco LP’s management allocated a portion of the goodwill balance previously included in the Sunoco LP retail and Stripes reporting units to assets held for sale based on the relative fair values of the business to be disposed of and the portion of the respective reporting unit that will be retained in accordance with ASC 350-20-40-3.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In August 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama"), which provides a platform for enterprises, agencies and publishers to integrate data across marketing channels and data sources. The Company has included the financial results of Datorama, which are not material, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $3 million  and recorded in general and administrative expense. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Datorama was approximately $766 million , which consisted of the following (in millions): 
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.4133  was applied to convert Datorama's outstanding equity awards for Datorama's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company's common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including current and noncurrent income taxes payable and deferred taxes, may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. Accordingly, the provisional measurements of fair value of the income taxes payable and deferred taxes set forth above are subject to change. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date.
