SALESFORCE INC report:
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the determination of the fair value of customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets. This included controls over management’s development of the above described assumptions used in the valuation models applied. 
To test the estimated fair value of the customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions used in the valuation model, including validating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the assumptions and estimates. We performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the assets that would result from changes in the assumptions and compared the more sensitive significant assumptions used by management to current industry and competitor data and the Company’s own historical results. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management’s estimates for previous acquisitions. In addition, we involved a valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and the significant assumptions underlying the fair value estimates. 
We have audited salesforce.com, inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, salesforce.com, inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2020, based on the COSO criteria.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company leases land and/or buildings at warehouses and certain other office and distribution facilities. Leases generally contain one or more of the following options, which the Company can exercise at the end of the initial term: (a) renew the lease for a defined number of years at the then-fair market rental rate or rate stipulated in the lease agreement; (b) purchase the property at the then-fair market value; or (c) a right of first refusal in the event of a third-party offer. 
Some leases include free-rent periods and step-rent provisions, which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for periodic rent increases based on price indices or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales volume. Our leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
The Company determines at inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. The Company initially records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease obligations for its finance and operating leases based on the discounted future minimum lease payments over the term. The lease term is defined as the noncancelable period of the lease plus any options to extend when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. As the rate implicit in the Company's leases is not easily determinable, the present value of the sum of the lease payments is calculated using the Company's incremental borrowing rate. The rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest the Company would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. The Company uses quoted interest rates from financial institutions to derive the incremental borrowing rate. Impairment of ROU assets is evaluated in a similar manner as described in Property and Equipment, net above.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Policy changes, including potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act, or implementation of new health care legislation, could result in significant changes to the health care system. 
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information and financial information), is increasing. For example, the European Union has enacted stricter data protection laws, which took effect in 2018, that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering "data localization" laws, which limit companies' ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area. 
Governmental cost containment efforts also affect Abbott's nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.
