MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(4) Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives. 
(5) Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information on the April 1, 2020 acquisition of a significant majority interest in Give & Go, the July 16, 2019 acquisition of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks and the May 28, 2019 divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa. 
(7) Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Through the gathering and processing systems described above and their interconnections with RIGS in north Louisiana, as well as other pipelines, we offer producers wellhead-to-market services, including natural gas gathering, compression, processing, treating and transportation. 
• The North Central Texas System is an integrated system located in four counties in North Central Texas that gathers, compresses, treats, processes and transports natural gas from the Barnett and Woodford Shales. Our North Central Texas assets include our Godley and Crescent plants, which process rich gas produced from the Barnett Shale and STACK play, with aggregate capacity of 700 MMcf/d. The Godley plant is integrated with the ET Fuel System. 
• The Permian Basin Gathering System offers wellhead-to-market services to producers in eleven counties in West Texas, as well as two counties in New Mexico which surround the Waha Hub, one of Texas’s developing NGL-rich natural gas market areas. As a result of the proximity of our system to the Waha Hub, the Waha Gathering System has a variety of market outlets for the natural gas that we gather and process, including several major interstate and intrastate pipelines serving California, the midcontinent region of the United States and Texas natural gas markets. The NGL market outlets includes Lone Star’s liquids pipelines. The Permian Basin Gathering System includes eleven processing facilities (Waha, Coyanosa, Red Bluff, Halley, Jal, Keyston, Tippet, Orla, Panther, Rebel and Arrowhead) with an aggregate processing capacity of 2.4 Bcf/d and one natural gas conditioning facility with aggregate capacity of 200 MMcf/d.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Advertising revenues are principally generated from the sale of commercial time on linear and digital platforms. A substantial portion of the linear and digital advertising contracts in the U.S. and certain international markets guarantee the advertiser a minimum audience level that either the program in which their advertisements are aired or the advertisement will reach. On the linear platform, the Company provides a service to deliver an advertising campaign which is satisfied by the provision of a minimum number of advertising spots in exchange for a fixed fee over a contract period of one year or less. The Company delivers spots in accordance with these contracts during a variety of day parts and programs. In the agreements governing these advertising campaigns, the Company has also promised to deliver to its customers a guaranteed minimum number of viewers (“impressions”) on a specific television network within a particular demographic (e.g. men aged 18-35). These advertising campaigns are considered to represent a single, distinct performance obligation. Revenues are recognized based on the audience level delivered multiplied by the average price per impression. The Company provides the advertiser with advertising until the guaranteed audience level is delivered, and invoiced advertising revenue receivables may exceed the value of the audience delivery. As such, revenues are deferred until the guaranteed audience level is delivered or the rights associated with the guarantee lapse, which is less than one year. Audience guarantees are initially developed internally, based on planned programming, historical audience levels, the success of pilot programs, and market trends. Actual audience and delivery information is published by independent ratings services. 
Digital advertising contracts typically contain promises to deliver guaranteed impressions in specific markets against a targeted demographic during a stipulated period of time. If the specified number of impressions is not delivered, the transaction price is reduced by the number of impressions not delivered multiplied by the contractually stated price per impression. Each promise is considered a separate performance obligation. For digital contracts with an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as impressions are delivered. Actual audience delivery is typically reported by independent third parties. 
For contracts without an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as each spot airs. The airing of individual spots without a guaranteed audience level are each distinct, individual performance obligations. The Company allocates the consideration to each spot based on its relative standalone selling price. Advertising revenues from digital platforms are recognized as impressions are delivered or the services are performed.
