BOEING CO report:
The introduction of new aircraft programs involves increased risk associated with meeting development, certification and production schedules. The Company uses program accounting in order to compute cost of sales and margin for each commercial airplane sold. The use of program accounting requires estimating and demonstrating customer demand for the number of units included in the program (program accounting quantity) and estimating the sales and costs over the expected life of each program. In particular, estimating the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units within the program accounting quantity involves measurement uncertainty resulting in a range of possible outcomes. Additionally, the level of effort to meet regulatory requirements and achieve certification may be challenging to predict, resulting in delays in the timing of entry into service and corresponding increases in estimated costs. Changes to the program accounting quantity or revenue and cost estimates could occur, resulting in lower margins or material reach-forward losses. Auditing the estimated revenues and costs for the 777X program involved extensive audit effort and required professionals with specialized industry experience given the high degree of complexity and subjectivity related to management’s estimates. 
• We inquired of the Company’s management, including individuals responsible for sales and pricing, to evaluate the status of current sales campaigns, short and long-term market demand, and status of negotiations with individual sold firm customers. 
• We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions used in developing its estimates related to the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/about-us/investor/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, the Company’s references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
statutes do not authorize the state agency to disapprove the change of control, such statutes do authorize certain remedies, including the issuance of a cease-and-desist order with respect to the non-domestic insurer if certain conditions exist, such as undue market concentration. 
Thus, any transaction involving the acquisition of ten percent or more of The Allstate Corporation’s common stock would generally require prior approval by the state insurance departments in Alabama (where the threshold is five percent or more of The Allstate Corporation’s common stock), California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina and Texas. Moreover, notification would be required in those other states that have adopted pre-acquisition notification provisions and where the insurance subsidiaries are admitted to transact business. Such approval requirements may deter, delay or prevent certain transactions affecting the ownership of The Allstate Corporation’s common stock. 
Rate Regulation Nearly all states have insurance laws requiring personal property and casualty insurers to file rating plans, policy or coverage forms, and other information with the state’s regulatory authority. In many cases, such rating plans, policy forms, or both must be approved prior to use.
