SALESFORCE INC report:
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will generally recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date within operating income on the consolidated statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within net gains (losses) on strategic investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 
The Company generally recognizes employee severance costs when payments are probable and amounts are estimable or when notification occurs, depending on the region an employee works. Costs related to contracts without future benefit or contract termination are recognized at the earlier of the contract termination or the cease-use dates. Other exit-related costs are recognized as incurred. 
Stock-based compensation expense is measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for stock options and the grant date closing stock price for restricted stock awards. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of four years . The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Display advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage proprietary data signals to identify and engage users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through Verizon Media Ad Platform, we provide customers the ability to buy advertising inventory, measure campaigns across screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services. We also provide publishers with the ability to monetize their ad inventory. 
Ecommerce. Our Ecommerce offering includes different types of business models, including facilitating transactions between businesses and consumers, enabling businesses that facilitate transactions for other businesses, and facilitating transactions between consumers. 
Subscription memberships. Our paid subscription offerings include premium content and services across our mail, news, finance, sports and entertainment properties, privacy and security solutions and computer protection.

BOEING CO report:
Production quality issues for the 787 Program have resulted in increased risk associated with forecasted revenue estimates primarily due to the difficulty in assessing the timeline for restarting 787 deliveries. The Company uses program accounting in order to compute cost of sales and margin for each commercial airplane sold. The use of program accounting requires estimating the revenue expected to be earned upon delivery of the aircraft included in the program’s accounting quantity. The timing of the Federal Aviation Administration's (“FAA”) approval to resume deliveries, the impact to the delivery schedule from delayed deliveries, and the value of the consideration expected to be provided to customers for delivery delays are key factors that affect estimated revenue. There is increased estimation uncertainty related to the revenue forecasts of aircraft which have reached or are expected to reach a delivery delay period that provides the customer with a contractual termination right. Due to continued uncertainty in the expected FAA approval date to resume 787 aircraft deliveries, there is significant judgment in determining which aircraft will reach these contractual termination rights. Changes to the expected delivery resumption date could have a flowthrough impact and result in additional consideration to customers. This could result in lower margins or further material reach-forward losses. Auditing the estimated revenues for the 787 program involved extensive audit effort and required professionals with specialized industry experience given the high degree of complexity and subjectivity related to management’s estimates. 
• We inquired of the Company’s management, including individuals responsible for engineering and production operations, to assess whether the estimated FAA approval and delivery resumption date represent management’s best estimates based on the status of the rework activity. 
• We inquired of the Company’s management, including the individuals communicating with the FAA, to assess if there is contradictory information to that assumed by management related to the estimated timeline for rework completion or getting FAA approval to resume deliveries.
