VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Wireline segment provides communications products and enhanced services, including video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services and local and long distance voice services. We provide these products and services to consumers in the U.S., as well as to carriers, businesses and government customers both in the U.S. and around the world.  In 2018 , Wireline revenues were $29.8 billion , representing approximately 23%  of Verizon’s aggregate revenues. 
To compensate for the shrinking market for traditional copper-based products (such as voice services), we continue to build our Wireline business around a fiber-based network supporting data, video and advanced business services - areas where demand for reliable high-speed connections is growing. We continue to seek ways to increase revenue, further realize operating and capital efficiencies and maximize profitability across the segment. We are reinventing our network architecture around a common fiber platform that will support both our wireless and wireline businesses. We expect our "multi-use fiber" Intelligent Edge Network initiative will create opportunities to generate revenue from fiber-based services in our Wireline business.   
Consumer Markets provides residential fixed connectivity solutions, including Internet, TV and voice services. We provide these services over our 100% fiber-optic network under the brand "Fios" and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. In 2018 , Consumer Markets revenues were $12.6 billion , representing approximately 42%  of Wireline’s aggregate revenues.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
Traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services; 
For revenue reporting purposes, we group all of our service offerings into four major categories: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Salesforce Platform and Other, and Marketing and Commerce Cloud. Our subscription and support revenues are disaggregated into these four core offerings. For a more detailed discussion, see the “Revenue by Cloud Service Offering” discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We do not allocate Property-Liability investment income, realized capital gains and losses, or assets to the Allstate Protection and Discontinued Lines and Coverages segments. Management reviews assets at the Property-Liability level for decision-making purposes. 
The table below includes GAAP operating ratios we use to measure our profitability. We believe that they enhance an investor’s understanding of our profitability. They are calculated as follows: 
Expense ratio : the ratio of amortization of DAC, operating costs and expenses, amortization or impairment of purchased intangibles and restructuring and related charges, less other revenue to premiums earned.
