WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our marine segment income from operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $20.7 million, a decrease of $37.9 million, or 65%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in income from operations was primarily due to the $51.1 million decrease in gross profit, partially offset by a $13.2 million reduction in operating expenses. The decrease in operating expenses was driven by a lower provision for credit losses, together with the 2020 impairment and costs associated with the restructuring program recognized in 2020, partially offset by increased compensation and employee benefit costs. 
Liquidity to fund working capital, as well as make strategic investments to further our growth strategy, is a significant priority for us. Our views concerning liquidity are based on currently available information and if circumstances change significantly, whether as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, the future availability of trade credit or other sources of financing may be reduced, and our liquidity would be adversely affected accordingly. 
Our liquidity, consisting principally of cash and availability under our Credit Facility, fluctuates based on a number of factors, including the timing of receipts from our customers and payments to our suppliers, changes in fuel prices, as well as our financial performance.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The safe operation of our pipelines and other assets is a top priority. We are committed to protecting the environment and the health and safety of the public and those working on our behalf by conducting our business activities in a safe and environmentally responsible manner.
Certain of our facilities are subject to general industry requirements of the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (“OSHA”), and comparable state statutes. We believe we are in material compliance with OSHA and similar state requirements, including general industry standards, record keeping requirements and monitoring of occupational exposures of employees.
Certain of our facilities are also subject to OSHA Process Safety Management (“PSM”) regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. These regulations apply to any process involving certain chemicals, flammable gases or liquids at or above a specified threshold (as defined in the regulations). In addition, we are subject to Risk Management Plan regulations of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) at certain facilities. These regulations are intended to complement the OSHA PSM regulations. These EPA regulations require us to develop and implement a risk management program that includes a five-year accident history report, an offsite consequence analysis process, a prevention program and an emergency response program. We believe we are operating in material compliance with the OSHA PSM regulations and the EPA’s Risk Management Plan requirements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Our developed markets include the entire North America region, the Europe region excluding the countries included in the emerging markets definition, and Australia, New Zealand and Japan from the AMEA region. 
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise across our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. For a definition and reconciliation of segment operating income to consolidated pre-tax earnings as well as other information on our segments, see Note 18, Segment Reporting .
