MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Latin America $ 101   $ 105   $ 97   AMEA 159   164   159   Europe 238   238   248   North America 154   138   131   Total depreciation expense $ 652   $ 645   $ 635   
(1) Includes depreciation expense related to owned property, plant and equipment. Does not include amortization of intangible assets or leased assets. Refer to the consolidated statement of cash flows for 2020 for total depreciation and amortization expenses. 
Geographic data for net revenues (recognized in the countries where products are sold from) and long-lived assets, excluding deferred taxes, goodwill, intangible assets and equity method investments, were:

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
On February 2, 2022, the PA AG issued a press release related to the Revolution pipeline, and released a Grand Jury Presentment and filed a criminal complaint against ETC Northeast Pipeline, LLC in Magisterial District Court No. 12-2-02 in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, with respect to nine misdemeanor charges related to various alleged violations of the Clean Streams Law associated with the construction of the Revolution pipeline. 
On August 5, 2022, the PA AG held a press conference to announce that the matter had been resolved through an agreement whereby ETC Northeast Pipeline, LLC and SPLP entered a plea of no contest to all charges. The resolution also included terms that ETC Northeast Pipeline, LLC would pay an approximate $23 thousand fine to the Clean Water Fund at the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection and SPLP would pay a $35 thousand fine to the Clean Water Fund at the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection. Additionally, both companies would jointly establish a fund of approximately $0.4 million to create a Homeowner Well Water Supply Grievance Program and pay $10 million to support water quality improvement projects. The plea agreement was entered by court on August 12, 2022, and the matter is now closed. 
In January 2019, we received notice from the DOJ on behalf of the EPA that a civil penalty enforcement action was being pursued under the Clean Water Act for an estimated 450 barrel crude oil release from the Mid-Valley Pipeline operated by SPLP and owned by Mid-Valley. The release purportedly occurred in October 2014 on a nature preserve located in Hamilton County, Ohio, near Cincinnati, Ohio. After discovery and notification of the release, SPLP conducted substantial emergency response, remedial work and primary restoration in three phases and the primary restoration has been acknowledged to be complete. Operation and maintenance (O&M) activities will continue for several years. In December of 2019, SPLP reached an agreement in principal with the EPA regarding payment of a civil penalty which will be subject to public comment. The DOJ, on behalf of United States Department of Interior Fish and Wildlife, and the Ohio Attorney General, on behalf of the Ohio EPA, along with technical representatives from those agencies have resolved in principal the natural resource damage assessment claims related to state endangered species and compensatory restoration.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct because such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, the Company considers the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, the Company has concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct. 
The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative SSP basis. The SSP is the price at which the Company would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation.
