ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
We have audited Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our “pricing authority” on quality goods – consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. Additionally, actions in various countries, particularly China and the United States, have created uncertainty with respect to how tariffs will affect the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. The impact to our net sales and gross margin will be influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our results. 
We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales. 
The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our Executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our paid membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
In June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU on the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. This ASU requires entities to measure the impairment of certain financial instruments, including trade receivables, based on 
expected losses rather than incurred losses. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted for financial statement periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We will adopt this ASU as of January 1, 2020 and we do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU on lease accounting to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of Right of Use ("ROU") assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The ASU revises existing U.S. GAAP and outlines a new model for lessors and lessees to use in accounting for lease contracts. The guidance requires lessees to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases, with the exception of short-term leases. In the statement of earnings, lessees will classify leases as either operating or financing. In July 2018, the FASB issued an ASU which allows for an alternative transition approach, which will not require adjustments to comparative prior-period amounts. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We adopted the new standard on January 1, 2019. We elected to apply the package of practical expedients that allowed us not to reassess the lease classification and initial direct costs for expired or existing leases or whether expired or existing contracts contain leases. We elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components and to account for both as a single lease component by class of the underlying asset. The impact of adopting the standard included the initial recognition as of January 1, 2019, of $ 710 million of lease related assets and $ 730 million of lease related liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The transition method we elected for adoption a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2019, which was not material.
