ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We operate in a number of major domestic supply basins, including the Permian, Eagle Ford, Haynesville and Rockies. The following information represents our general outlook for each of these key basins:
 • The Permian Basin in West Texas and southeastern New Mexico has experienced the largest increase in production in the country. According to the December 2019 EIA Drilling Productivity Report (“2019 EIA Report”), production in the Permian Basin was 4.7 MMBPD of crude oil and 16.3 Bcf/d of natural gas in November 2019. The basin continues to have many advantages relative to other producing regions, including up to 10 or more stacked pay zones, light sweet crude oil and significant infrastructure. With 405 drilling rigs working in the Permian Basin as of December 2019 (as reported by Baker Hughes), and major oil companies such as Exxon and Chevron focused on developing their presence in the basin, we expect production to continue to grow. 
A prime example of our commitment to Permian Basin producers is our Midland-to-ECHO System. This network supports crude oil production growth from the basin by providing producers and other shippers with transportation solutions that are both cost efficient and operationally flexible. We placed our Midland-to-ECHO 1 and Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipelines into full commercial service during the second quarter of 2018 and second quarter of 2019, respectively. The Midland-to-ECHO 3 and Midland-to-ECHO 4 projects are expected to begin service during the third quarter of 2020 and first half of 2021, respectively. When fully complete, our Midland-to-ECHO System is expected to provide us with up to 1.8 MMBPD of crude oil transportation capacity to U.S. Gulf Coast and international markets, while assuring the quality and grade of the crude oil being shipped.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In November 2016 and September 2017, the Company received notices of violation from the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection regarding hazardous waste practices at its Connecticut warehouses, primarily concerning unsalable pharmaceuticals. The relief to be sought is not known at this time. The Company is seeking to cooperate concerning the resolution of these notices. On February 13, 2019, the Company's affiliate in Spain received notice from the General Directorate on Environment and Sustainability of the Regional Government of Madrid that the Directorate was investigating issues concerning rain, sewage and hydrocarbon drainage related to the Company's warehouse in Getafe. In August the Company was advised that no fines would be sought in this matter. 
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year. 
The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, U.K., Japan, Korea, Australia, Spain, Iceland, France, and China and through a majority-owned subsidiary in Taiwan. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1 . Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income. Certain operating expenses, predominantly stock-based compensation, incurred on behalf of the Company's Canadian and Other International operations, are included in the U.S. operations because those costs generally come under the responsibility of U.S. management.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification, including expansion or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act.
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information, financial information and other sensitive personal information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California) have enacted stricter data protection laws that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in business disruption and enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area.
Governmental cost containment efforts also affect Abbott’s nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.
