VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
As of January 2017, we no longer offer Consumer customers new fixed-term, subsidized service plans for phones; however, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program. 
Consumer and Business offer several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled Internet devices, such as tablets, laptop computers and netbooks, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches and other wearables . In certain cases, we permit customers to acquire equipment from us using device payment plans, which permit the customer to pay for the device in installments over time. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, Consumer sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including Internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The majority of our operating lease agreements provide us with the option to renew. Our future operating lease obligations would change if we exercised these options and if we entered into additional operating lease agreements as we expand our operations. 
The financing obligation - leased facility above represents the total obligation for our lease of approximately 445,000 rentable square feet of office space at 350 Mission St. ("350 Mission") in San Francisco, California. As of January 31, 2019 , $215 million  of the total obligation noted above was recorded to Financing obligation - leased facility, of which the current portion is included in “Accrued expenses and other liabilities” and the noncurrent portion is included in “Other noncurrent liabilities” on the consolidated  balance sheets. 
The lease obligation - buildings to be constructed above represents the total obligation for two separate agreements for office facilities we entered into during fiscal 2019 . The first agreement is for approximately 324,000  rentable square feet of office space in a building to be constructed as part of our urban campus in San Francisco, California. We expect to begin occupying the space in fiscal 2024 and the total non-cancelable minimum payments under this agreement are approximately $480 million  over 16 years . Construction has not commenced on the building and is dependent on the developer obtaining approvals from the City and County of San Francisco. The second agreement is for approximately 603,000  rentable square feet of office space in a building to be constructed in Chicago, Illinois. We expect to begin occupying the space in fiscal 2022 and the total non-cancelable minimum payments under this agreement are approximately $475 million  over 17 years . As of January 31, 2019  construction has not commenced on either of these buildings and the timing of completion of construction is unknown. Due to this uncertainty, the entire commitment for these two obligations is reflected as payments due in more than five years in the table above.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
and liquidation preference $25,000  per share, for gross proceeds of $575 million . The proceeds of this issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including the redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock . 
The preferred stock ranks senior to the Company’s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and liquidation rights. The Company will pay dividends on the preferred stock on a noncumulative basis only when, as and if declared by the Company’s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) and to the extent that the Company has legally available funds to pay dividends. If dividends are declared on the preferred stock, they will be 
payable quarterly in arrears at an annual fixed rate. Dividends on the preferred stock are not cumulative. Accordingly, in the event dividends are not declared on the preferred stock for payment on any dividend payment date, then those dividends will cease to be payable. If the Company has not declared a dividend before the dividend payment date for any dividend period, the Company has no obligation to pay dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared for any future dividend period. No dividends may be paid or declared on the Company’s common stock and no shares of the Company’s common stock may be repurchased unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on the preferred stock have been declared and paid or provided for.
