ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS — Internal research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Clinical trial costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the contracted work is performed. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development arrangements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the milestone results are achieved.
ACQUIRED IN-PROCESS AND COLLABORATIONS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (IPR&D) — The initial costs of rights to IPR&D projects obtained in an asset acquisition are expensed as IPR&D unless the project has an alternative future use. These costs include initial payments incurred prior to regulatory approval in connection with research and development collaboration agreements that provide rights to develop, manufacture, market and/or sell pharmaceutical or medical device products. The fair value of IPR&D projects acquired in a business combination are capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets until completed and are then amortized over the remaining useful life. Collaborations are not significant.
CONCENTRATION OF RISK AND GUARANTEES — Due to the nature of its operations, Abbott is not subject to significant concentration risks relating to customers, products or geographic locations. Product warranties are not significant.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our ATEX Pipeline decreased $10.6 million year-to-year primarily due to a 3 MBPD decrease in transportation volumes, which accounted for a $5.3 million decrease, and higher operating costs, which accounted for an additional $3.4 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our South Texas NGL Pipeline System increased $13.6 million year-to-year primarily due to higher pipeline capacity fee revenues. Transportation volumes on our South Texas NGL Pipeline System decreased 7 MBPD year-to-year.
Gross operating margin from our Chambers County NGL fractionation complex increased a net $196.3 million year-to-year. This increase was primarily due to higher fractionation volumes, which accounted for a $151.1 million increase, and higher ancillary service revenues, which accounted for an additional $59.4 million increase, partially offset by higher operating costs, which accounted for a $136.8 million decrease. NGL fractionation volumes at our Chambers County NGL fractionation complex, which includes the average daily operating rates for newly constructed assets from the time the asset was placed into service, decreased 55 MBPD year-to-year (net to our interest). While the average daily operating rate for our Chambers County NGL fractionation complex decreased year-to-year, total NGL fractionation volumes increased primarily due to a full period of contributions from Frac X and Frac XI, which entered service in late March 2020 and September 2020, respectively.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year. 
The Company is principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses through wholly owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Japan, the U.K., Korea, Australia, Taiwan, China, Spain, France, Iceland, New Zealand, and Sweden. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1 . Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income.Members of the Board of Directors, six corporate officers and the Company were defendants in a shareholder derivative action filed in June 2022 related to chicken welfare and alleged breaches of fiduciary duties. Smith, et ano. v. Vachris, et al., Superior Court of the State of Washington, County of King, No, 22-2-08937-7SEA. The complaint sought from the individual defendants' damages, injunctive relief, costs, and attorneys' fees. On March 28, 2023, the court granted the defendants' motion to dismiss the action. The plaintiffs subsequently made a demand that the Board of Directors take various actions, including among other things, pursuing claims against directors and officers of the type asserted in the litigation. A demand review committee of the Board has been appointed to make a recommendation to the Board as to the demand. 
In February 2023, Go Green Norcal, LLC filed an arbitration demand against the Company. The demand alleged a breach of a supply agreement and sought unspecified damages and cancellation of a loan from the Company. In March 2023, the Company filed its answer, denying any breach by the Company, along with counterclaims against Go Green and an affiliate for breach of contract, negligent misrepresentation, and an accounting. In August 2023 the plaintiff asserted that its damages exceed $ 70 million. 
In January 2023 the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand from the U.S. Attorney's Office, Western District of Washington, requesting documents. The government is conducting a False Claims Act investigation concerning whether the Company presented or caused to be presented to the federal government for payment false claims relating to prescription medications.
