SALESFORCE INC report:
Interest expense consists of interest on our convertible senior notes, capital leases, financing obligation related to 350 Mission, the loan assumed on 50 Fremont, revolving credit facility and the $500 million term loan that was entered into in connection with our acquisition of Demandware. 
Gains on strategic investments, net represents strategic investments' fair market value adjustments and gains recognized related to strategic investments when we acquire an entity in which we previously held a strategic investment. The difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss. The change in gains on strategic investments, net was primarily due to $14 million of gains resulting from our acquisition of companies in which we held strategic investments in fiscal 2017. 
We recognized a tax provision of $60 million on a pretax income of $420 million for fiscal 2018. The tax provision recorded was primarily related to income taxes in profitable jurisdictions outside of the United States.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Regulation of Sales of Natural Gas and NGLs.   The price at which we buy and sell natural gas currently is not subject to federal regulation and, for the most part, is not subject to state regulation. The price at which we sell NGLs is not subject to federal or state regulation. 
To the extent that we enter into transportation contracts with natural gas pipelines that are subject to FERC regulation, we are subject to FERC requirements related to the use of such capacity. Any failure on our part to comply with the FERC’s regulations and policies, or with an interstate pipeline’s tariff, could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties. 
Our sales of natural gas are affected by the availability, terms and cost of pipeline transportation. As noted above, the price and terms of access to pipeline transportation are subject to extensive federal and state regulation. The FERC frequently proposes and implements new rules and regulations affecting those segments of the natural gas industry. These initiatives also may affect the intrastate transportation of natural gas under certain circumstances. The stated purpose of many of these regulatory changes is to promote competition among the various sectors of the natural gas industry and these initiatives generally reflect more light-handed regulation. We cannot predict the ultimate impact of these regulatory changes to our natural gas marketing operations, and we note that some of the FERC’s regulatory changes may adversely affect the availability and reliability of interruptible transportation service on interstate pipelines. We do not believe that we will be affected by any such FERC action in a manner that is materially different from other natural gas marketers with whom we compete.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our West Texas Pipeline System increased a net $87 million year-to-year primarily due to higher ancillary service and other revenues, which accounted for a $86 million increase, and a 47 MBPD increase in transportation volumes, which accounted for an additional $14 million increase, partially offset by lower average transportation fees, which accounted for a $9 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our crude oil marketing activities (excluding those attributable to the Midland-to-ECHO System) increased $43 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for a $50 million increase, lower operating costs, which accounted for a $12 million increase, and higher earnings from trucking activities, which accounted for an additional $10 million increase, partially offset by lower non-cash, mark-to-market earnings, which accounted for a $29 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System increased a net $8 million year-to-year primarily due to higher ancillary service and other revenues, which accounted for a $60 million increase, partially offset by lower average transportation fees, which accounted for a $24 million decrease, and lower deficiency revenues as a result of the expiration of minimum volume commitments under certain long-term agreements, which accounted for an additional $23 million decrease.
