ALLSTATE CORP report:
AGP and EGP primarily consist of the following components: contract charges for the cost of insurance less mortality costs and other benefits; investment income and realized capital gains and losses less interest credited; and surrender and other contract charges less maintenance expenses. The principal assumptions for determining the amount of EGP are mortality, persistency, expenses, investment returns, including capital gains and losses on assets supporting contract liabilities, interest crediting rates to contractholders, and the effects of any hedges. For products whose supporting investments are exposed to capital losses in excess of the Company’s expectations which may cause periodic AGP to become temporarily negative, EGP and AGP utilized in DAC and DSI amortization may be modified to exclude the excess capital losses. 
The Company performs quarterly reviews of DAC and DSI recoverability for interest-sensitive life and fixed annuity contracts using current assumptions. If a change in the amount of EGP is significant, it could result in the unamortized DAC or DSI not being recoverable, resulting in a charge which is included as a component of amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs or interest credited to contractholder funds, respectively. 
The DAC and DSI balances presented include adjustments to reflect the amount by which the amortization of DAC and DSI would increase or decrease if the unrealized capital gains or losses in the respective product investment portfolios were actually realized. The adjustments are recorded net of tax in AOCI. DAC, DSI and deferred income taxes determined on unrealized capital gains and losses and reported in AOCI recognize the impact on shareholders’ equity consistently with the amounts that would be recognized in the income statement on realized capital gains and losses.

BOEING CO report:
We have entered into agreements to purchase and sell aluminum to address long-term strategic sourcing objectives and non-U.S. business requirements. These agreements are derivative instruments for accounting purposes. The quantities of aluminum in these agreements offset and are priced at prevailing market prices. We also hold certain foreign currency forward contracts and commodity swaps which do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. 
Other assets Accrued liabilities 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts $ 2,815   $ 2,630   $ 23   $ 30   ($ 122 ) ($ 52 ) Commodity contracts 602   500   115   88   ( 9 ) ( 18 ) Derivatives not receiving hedge accounting treatment: 
Foreign exchange contracts 462   361   5   2   ( 42 ) ( 3 ) Commodity contracts 412   760   2 8   ( 1 ) ( 7 ) Total derivatives $ 4,291   $ 4,251   145   128   ( 174 ) ( 80 ) Netting arrangements ( 33 ) ( 30 ) 33   30   Net recorded balance $ 112   $ 98   ($ 141 ) ($ 50 )

SALESFORCE INC report:
Most of our service offerings operate on a single customer success platform and are deployed in an identical way even though we have offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing markets, including as a result of our acquisitions. Our core offerings are suited to meet the needs of our customers in certain industries, such as solutions for financial services, healthcare and government. Additionally, our core offerings enable companies to quickly create and manage trusted, branded digital destinations for customers, partners and employees, collectively referred to as community management. This allows companies to engage and collaborate directly with groups of people by giving them access to relevant information, apps and experts. 
Additionally, through Salesforce Customer 360, our new cross-cloud technology initiative that enhances the integration of our Marketing, Commerce, and Service clouds, we will enable companies to connect their customer data across the various offerings and deliver a unified customer experience. Customer 360 is designed to help companies move beyond an app- or department-specific view of each customer by making it easier to create a single, holistic customer profile to inform every interaction. 
Ease of integration and configuration with application programming interfaces that enable customers to integrate our solutions with existing third-party, custom and legacy apps, as well as write their own application services that integrate with our solutions.
