WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Actual amounts for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017  include the results of operations for the Discovery and Scripps Networks, OWN and MTG businesses for the period since each respective transaction. Scripps Networks was acquired on March 6, 2018 , OWN was consolidated on November 30, 2017  and MTG was consolidated on September 25, 2017 . 
Distribution revenue consists principally of fees from affiliates for distributing our linear networks, supplemented by revenue earned from SVOD content licensing and other emerging forms of digital distribution. Distribution revenue increase d 31% , primarily due to the impact of the Transactions. Excluding the impact of the Transactions and on a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increase d 3% . Increases at International Networks were primarily driven by increases in subscribers to our linear networks and higher digital subscription revenues and increases in pricing in Europe and Latin America. Increases at U.S. Networks were principally attributable to an increase in contractual affiliate rates, which was partially offset by a decline in subscribers and, to a lesser extent, the timing of content deliveries under SVOD arrangements. 
Advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the stage of development of television markets, the number of subscribers to our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our content, our ability to sell commercial time over a group of channels, market demand, the mix in sales of commercial time between the upfront and scatter markets and economic conditions. These factors impact the pricing and volume of our advertising inventory. Advertising revenue increase d 79% , primarily due to the impact of the Transactions. Excluding the impact of the Transactions and on a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, advertising revenue increase d 3% . The increases were due to continued monetization of our digital content offerings, an increase in pricing at U.S. Networks, and the Olympics.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
for the maximum allowable period. If the FERC finds that the new or changed rate is unlawful, it may require the carrier to pay refunds for the period that the rate was in effect. The FERC also may investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, rates that are already in effect and may order a carrier to change its rates prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may obtain reparations for damages sustained for a period of up to two years prior to the filing of a complaint. 
The FERC generally has not investigated interstate rates on its own initiative when those rates, like those we charge, have not been the subject of a protest or a complaint by a shipper. However, the FERC could investigate our rates at the urging of a third party if the third party is either a current shipper or has a substantial economic interest in the tariff rate level. Although no assurance can be given that the tariff rates charged by us ultimately will be upheld if challenged, management believes that the tariff rates now in effect for our pipelines are within the maximum rates allowed under current FERC policies and precedents. 
For many locations served by our product and crude pipelines, we are able to establish negotiated rates. Otherwise, we are permitted to charge cost-based rates, or in many cases, grandfathered rates based on historical charges or settlements with our customers. To the extent we rely on cost-of-service ratemaking to establish or support our rates, the issue of the proper allowance for federal and state income taxes could arise. In July 2016, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued an opinion in United Airlines, Inc., et al. v. FERC, finding that the FERC had acted arbitrarily and capriciously when it failed to demonstrate that permitting an interstate petroleum products pipeline organized as a master limited partnership, or MLP, to include an income tax allowance in the cost of service underlying its rates, in addition to the discounted cash flow return on equity, would not result in the pipeline partnership owners double recovering their income taxes. The court vacated the FERC’s order and remanded to the FERC to consider mechanisms for demonstrating that there is no double recovery as a result of the income tax allowance. In December 2016, the FERC issued a Notice of Inquiry Regarding the Commission’s Policy for Recovery of Income Tax Costs. The FERC requested comments regarding how to address any double recovery resulting from the Commission’s current income tax allowance and rate of return policies. The comment period with respect to the notice of inquiry ended in April 2017.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations are reported under four business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services, (ii) Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, (iii) Natural Gas Pipelines & Services and (iv) Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed according to the types of services rendered (or technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold. 
 • Our NGL Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities, NGL pipelines, NGL fractionation facilities, NGL and related product storage facilities, and NGL marine terminals.
 • Our Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas pipeline systems that provide for the gathering, treating and transportation of natural gas. This segment also includes our natural gas marketing activities.
