BOEING CO report:
Customer financing primarily relates to our BCC segment. Prior period amounts have been adjusted to conform with the current year presentation as a result of the adoption of Topic 606. Customer financing consisted of the following at December 31: 
We determine a receivable is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect amounts due according to the original contractual terms. At December 31, 2018 and 2017 , we individually evaluated for impairment customer financing receivables of $ 409 and $ 422 , of which $ 398 and $ 411 were determined to be impaired. We recorded no allowance for losses on these impaired receivables as the collateral values exceeded the carrying values of the receivables. 
Income recognition is generally suspended for financing receivables at the date full recovery of income and principal becomes not probable. Income is recognized when financing receivables become contractually current and performance is demonstrated by the customer . The average recorded investment in impaired financing receivables for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $ 403 , and the related interest income was insignificant.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is subject to multiple examinations for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions. In certain cases, the Company has received assessments from the authorities. Possible losses or range of possible losses associated with these matters are either immaterial or an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss cannot be made at this time. If certain matters or a group of matters were to be decided adversely to the Company, it could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year. 
The following table shows the amounts used in computing net income per share and the weighted average number of shares of basic and of potentially dilutive common shares outstanding (shares in 000’s):   
The Company is involved in many claims, proceedings and litigations arising from its business and property ownership. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company establishes an accrual for legal proceedings if and when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. There may be losses in excess of amounts accrued. The Company monitors those matters for developments that would affect the likelihood of a loss (taking into account where applicable indemnification arrangements concerning suppliers and insurers) and the accrued amount, if any, thereof, and adjusts the amount as appropriate. The Company has recorded immaterial accruals with

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We modestly increased the maturity profile of fixed income securities in our Property-Liability portfolio at a duration of 4.1 years, while maintaining duration at 5.6 and 4.2 years for the Allstate Life and Allstate Annuities portfolios, respectively. 
In the Allstate Annuities portfolio, invested assets and market-based income declined with reductions in contractholder funds. Performance-based investments and equity securities will continue to be allocated primarily to the longer-term immediate annuity liabilities to reduce the risk that investment returns are below levels required to meet their funding needs while shorter-term annuity liabilities will be invested in market-based investments. 
Fixed income securities are rated by third party credit rating agencies and/or are internally rated. As of December 31, 2018 , 90.8%  of the consolidated fixed income securities portfolio was rated investment grade, which is defined as a security having a rating of Aaa, Aa, A or Baa from Moody’s, a rating of AAA, AA, A or BBB from S&P, a comparable rating from another nationally recognized rating agency, or a comparable internal rating if an externally provided rating is not available. Credit ratings below these designations are
