SALESFORCE INC report:
Experience. Our Experience service offering, formerly Community, allows companies to quickly engage any audience with sites, forums and apps. Experience enables companies to create and manage trusted, branded digital destinations for customers, partners and employees. Experience also enables companies engage and collaborate directly with groups of people by giving them access to relevant information, apps and experts. 
Platform. Our Platform service offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Analytics . Our Analytics service offering, including Tableau, provides customers advanced analytics solutions with an end-to-end analytics solution serving a broad range of enterprise use cases. Analytics offers customers intelligent analytics capabilities to better understand their business data. By providing self-service data preparation and analytical technology to customers, Analytics is designed to improve our customers' decision-making and allow customers to take action from any device.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising, formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers’ products may increase competitive pressure. 
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes care products for people with diabetes, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. Medical devices are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, depending upon the product, medical devices are generally marketed and sold directly to wholesalers, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, physicians’ offices, and distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. 
• rhythm management products, including Assurity MRI ® and Endurity MRI ® pacemaker systems, and Aveir ® VR single-chamber VR leadless pacemaker system; Ellipse ® , Fortify Assura ® , and Gallant ® implantable cardioverter defibrillators and Gallant and Quadra Assura MP ® implantable cardioverter defibrillator with cardiac resynchronization therapy and MultiPoint™ Pacing technology; and Confirm Rx ® and Jot Dx ® implantable cardiac monitors;

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
• If the Company elects to stop participation in a multiemployer pension plan, or if the number of the Company’s employees participating in a plan is reduced to a certain degree over certain periods of time, the Company may be required to pay a withdrawal liability based upon the underfunded status of the plan. 
The Company’s participation in multiemployer pension plans for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is outlined in the tables below. The Company considers significant plans to be those plans to which the Company contributed more than 5 % of total contributions to the plan in a given plan year, or for which the Company believes its estimated withdrawal liability, should it decide to voluntarily withdraw from the plan, may be material to the Company. For each plan that is considered individually significant to the Company, the following information is provided: 
• The most recent Pension Protection Act (“PPA”) zone status available for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 is for the plan years beginning in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The zone status is based on information provided to participating employers by each plan and is certified by the plan’s actuary. A plan in the red zone has been determined to be in critical status, or
