WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Effective July 1, 2018, the Company early adopted ASU 2017-12. As a result, the Company changed the method by which it assesses effectiveness for net investment hedges from the forward-method to the spot-method. Management believes the spot method better matches the spot rate changes of the net investment. The entire change in the fair value of derivatives that qualify as net investment hedges is initially recorded in the currency translation adjustment component of other comprehensive income. While the change in fair value attributable to hedge effectiveness remains in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the net investment is sold or liquidated, the change in fair value attributable to components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (e.g., forward points, cross currency basis, etc.) is reflected as a component of interest expense, net in the current period. Previous net losses of $87 million  incurred under the forward method related to net investment hedges will remain in other comprehensive loss under the currency translation adjustments component and will be reclassified to earnings when the net investment is sold or liquidated. Additionally, as a result of ASU 2017-12, for foreign exchange forward contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges, the ineffective portion (if any) will not be separately recorded, as the entire change in the fair value of the forward contract will be recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into the statement of operations in the same line item in which the hedged item is recorded and in the same period as the hedged item affects earnings. 
The Company designates foreign currency forward and option contracts as cash flow hedges to mitigate foreign currency risk arising from third-party revenue and inter-company licensing agreements. The Company also designates interest rate contracts used to hedge the pricing for certain senior notes as cash flow hedges. As of December 31, 2018 there were no interest rate contracts outstanding. 
During the year ended December 31, 2016 , the Company terminated and settled its outstanding interest rate cash flow hedges which resulted in a $40 million  pretax gain. As the hedges were considered to be effective and the forecasted transactions were considered probable of occurring, the gain remained in accumulated other comprehensive loss  and will be amortized as a reduction to interest expense over the term of the forecasted senior notes. The Company reclassified $17 million of the gains from accumulated other comprehensive loss to other (expense) income, net, in the Company's consolidated statements of operations, as the forecasted transaction was considered remote following the issuance of the USD Notes on September 21, 2017.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The maximum number of barrels per day that our NGL pipelines can transport depends on operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each injection and delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our NGL pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 3,461 MBPD, 3,168 MBPD and 2,965 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
The Mid-America Pipeline System is an NGL pipeline system consisting of four primary segments: the 3,119-mile Rocky Mountain pipeline, the 2,138-mile Conway North pipeline, the 632-mile Ethane-Propane (“EP”) Mix pipeline, and the 2,146-mile Conway South pipeline. The Mid-America Pipeline System operates in 13 states: Colorado, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, Wisconsin and Wyoming. Volumes transported on the Mid-America Pipeline System primarily originate from natural gas processing plants located in the Rocky Mountains and Mid-Continent regions, as well as NGL fractionation and storage facilities in Kansas and Texas. 
The Rocky Mountain pipeline transports mixed NGLs from production fields located in the Rocky Mountain Overthrust and San Juan Basin areas to the Hobbs NGL hub located on the Texas-New Mexico border. The Conway North segment links the NGL hub at Conway, Kansas to refineries, petrochemical plants and propane markets in the upper Midwest. NGL hubs, such as those at Mont Belvieu, Hobbs and Conway, provide buyers and sellers with a centralized location for the storage and pricing of products, while also providing connections to intrastate and/or interstate pipelines. The EP Mix segment transports EP mix from the Conway hub to petrochemical plants in Iowa and Illinois. The Conway South pipeline connects the Conway hub with Kansas refineries and provides bi-directional transportation of NGLs between the Conway and Hobbs hubs. At the Hobbs NGL hub, the Mid-America Pipeline System interconnects with our Seminole NGL Pipeline and Hobbs NGL fractionation and storage facility. The Mid-America Pipeline System is also connected to 18 non-regulated NGL terminals that we own and operate.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Further, certain of our acquisitions may include earn-out provisions or other forms of contingent consideration. As of the acquisition date, we record contingent consideration, as applicable, at the estimated fair value of expected future payments associated with the earn-out. Any changes to the recorded fair value of contingent consideration will be recognized as expenses or earnings in the period in which they occur. Such contingent consideration liabilities are based on best estimates of future expected payment obligations, which are subject to change due to many factors outside of our control. Changes to the estimate of expected future contingent consideration payments may occur, from time to time, due to various reasons, including changing discount rates as well as actual results differing from estimates and adjustments to the revenue or earnings assumptions used as the basis for the liability based on historical experience. 
We promote our products with trade and sales incentives as well as marketing and advertising programs. These programs include, but are not limited to, new product introduction fees, discounts, coupons, rebates and volume-based incentives as well as cooperative advertising, in-store displays and consumer marketing promotions. Trade and sales incentives are recorded as a reduction to revenues based on amounts estimated due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. We base these estimates principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. For interim reporting purposes, advertising and consumer promotion expenses are charged to operations as a percentage of volume, based on estimated sales volume and estimated program spending. We do not defer costs on our year-end consolidated balance sheets and all marketing and advertising costs are recorded as an expense in the year incurred. 
We sponsor various employee benefit plans throughout the world. These include primarily pension plans and postretirement healthcare benefits. For accounting purposes, we estimate the pension and postretirement healthcare benefit obligations utilizing assumptions and estimates for discount rates; expected returns on plan assets; expected compensation increases; employee-related factors such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; and health care cost trends. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when appropriate. Our assumptions also reflect our historical experiences and management’s best judgment regarding future expectations. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans.
