SALESFORCE INC report:
and innovation drives customer success, which in turn drives mutual growth. In addition, we have spearheaded initiatives that foster a culture of equal pay, equal advancement, equal opportunity and equal rights for our more than 35,000 employees as a leading example for the broader world. 
We believe the business of business is improving the state of the world for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, our customers, our employees, the environment and the communities in which we work and live. Salesforce is committed to transparent environmental, social and governance disclosures and maintaining programs that support the success of these initiatives. Refer to our "Environmental, Social and Governance" discussion in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
We were incorporated in Delaware in February 1999. Our principal executive offices are located in San Francisco, California. Our principal address is Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, and our primary website address is www.salesforce.com.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Net cash from operating activities amounted to $7.9 billion, $6.1 billion and $6.3 billion in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2020 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings, lower payments related to interest, integration expenses, and restructuring actions, and the proceeds from a litigation settlement partially offset by an increased investment in working capital and higher income tax payments. The decrease in Net cash from operating activities in 2019 was primarily due to an increased investment in working capital, timing of pension contributions relative to 2018 and higher income tax payments, partially offset by the favorable cash flow impact of improved segment operating earnings and lower interest and acquisition-related expenses.
While a significant portion of Abbott’s cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2020, are reinvested in foreign subsidiaries, Abbott does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. Due to the enactment of the TCJA, if these funds were needed for operations in the U.S., Abbott does not expect to incur significant additional income taxes in the future to repatriate these funds.
Abbott funded $400 million in 2020, $382 million in 2019 and $114 million in 2018 to defined benefit pension plans. Abbott expects pension funding of approximately $410 million in 2021 for its pension plans. Abbott expects annual cash flow from operating activities to continue to exceed Abbott’s capital expenditures and cash dividends.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We assess the risk associated with each of our derivative instrument portfolios using a sensitivity analysis model. This approach measures the change in fair value of the derivative instrument portfolio based on a hypothetical 10% change in the underlying interest rates or quoted market prices on a particular day. In addition to these variables, the fair value of each portfolio is influenced by changes in the notional amounts of the instruments outstanding. The sensitivity analysis approach does not reflect the impact that the same hypothetical price movement would have on the hedged exposures to which they relate. Therefore, the impact on the fair value of a derivative instrument resulting from a change in interest rates or quoted market prices (as applicable) would normally be offset by a corresponding gain or loss on the hedged debt instrument, inventory value or forecasted transaction assuming:
We routinely review the effectiveness of our derivative instrument portfolios in light of current market conditions. Accordingly, the nature and volume of our derivative instruments may change depending on the specific exposure being managed.
See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding our derivative instruments and hedging activities.
