WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Information regarding accounting standards adopted during 2020 is included in "Note 1. Basis of Presentation, New Accounting Standards and Significant Accounting Policies" within "Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" included in this 2020 10-K Report. 
We use commodity-based derivative contracts and financial instruments, when we deem it appropriate, to manage the risks associated with changes in the prices of fuel and fuel-related products, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, or to capture market opportunities. We utilize hedge accounting and formally designate certain of our derivative instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. Derivative instruments that are not designated are considered non-designated hedges and are designed to achieve an economic offset of the underlying price risk exposure. Financial instruments and positions affecting our financial statements are described below and are held primarily for hedging purposes. As a result, any changes in income associated with our derivatives contracts are substantially offset by corresponding changes in the value of the underlying risk being mitigated. 
Our commercial business segments use derivative instruments, primarily futures, forward, swap, and options contracts, in various markets to manage price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel. Certain of these derivative instruments are utilized to mitigate the risk of price volatility in forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge relationship and to mitigate the risk of changes in the price of our inventory in a fair value hedge relationship. In addition, we use derivatives as economic hedges or to optimize the value of our fuel inventory to capitalize on anticipated market opportunities.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On May 6, 2014, our Board of Directors approved a $ 3.5 billion 2014-2018 restructuring program and up to $ 2.2 billion of capital expenditures. On August 31, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a $ 600 million reallocation between restructuring program cash costs and capital expenditures so the $ 5.7 billion program consisted of approximately $ 4.1 billion of restructuring program costs ($ 3.1 billion cash costs and $ 1.0 billion non-cash costs) and up to $ 1.6 billion of capital expenditures. On September 6, 2018, our Board of Directors approved an extension of the restructuring program through 2022, an increase of $ 1.3 billion in the program charges and an increase of $ 700 million in capital expenditures. On October 21, 2021, our Board of Directors approved an extension of the restructuring program through 2023. The total $ 7.7 billion program now consists of $ 5.4 billion of program charges ($ 4.1 billion of cash costs and $ 1.3 billion of non-cash costs) and total capital expenditures of $ 2.3 billion to be incurred over the life of the program. The current restructuring program, as increased and extended by these actions, is now called the Simplify to Grow Program. 
The primary objective of the Simplify to Grow Program is to reduce our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. The program covers severance as well as asset disposals and other manufacturing and procurement-related one-time costs. Since inception, we have incurred total restructuring and related implementation charges of $ 5.0 billion related to the Simplify to Grow Program. We expect to incur the remainder of the program charges by year-end 2023. 
Total   (in millions) Liability Balance, January 1, 2020 $ 301   $ —   $ 301   Charges 168   ( 12 ) 156   Cash spent ( 169 ) —   ( 169 ) Non-cash settlements/adjustments ( 6 ) 12   6   Currency 10   —   10   Liability Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 304   $ —   $ 304   Charges 86   68   154   Cash spent ( 160 ) —   ( 160 ) Non-cash settlements/adjustments ( 5 ) ( 68 ) ( 73 ) Currency ( 14 ) —   ( 14 ) Liability Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 211   $ —   $ 211

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In response to governmental, scientific and public concerns that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases, including gases associated with oil and natural gas production such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide among others, contribute to a warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other adverse environmental effects, various governmental authorities have considered or taken actions to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. For example, the EPA has taken action under the CAA to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, certain states (individually or in regional cooperation), including states in which some of our facilities or operations are located, have taken or proposed measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Also, the U.S. Congress from time to time has proposed legislative measures for imposing restrictions or requiring fees or carbon taxes for the emission of greenhouse gases.
Actions have also taken place at the international level, with the U.S. being involved. Various policies and approaches, including establishing a cap on emissions, requiring efficiency measures, or providing incentives for emissions reduction, use of renewable energy, or use of replacement fuels with lower carbon content are under discussion and have and may continue to result in additional actions involving greenhouse gases.
These federal, regional and state measures generally apply to industrial sources (including facilities in the oil and gas sector) and suppliers and distributors of fuel, and could increase the operating and compliance costs of our pipelines, natural gas processing facilities, fractionation plants and other facilities, and the costs of certain sale and distribution activities. These regulations could also adversely affect market demand and pricing for products handled by our midstream network, by affecting the price of, or reducing the demand for, fossil fuels or providing competitive advantages to competing fuels and energy sources. The potential increase in the costs of our operations could include costs to operate and maintain our facilities, install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our greenhouse gas emissions, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions, or administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program. While we may be able to include some or all of such increased costs in the rates charged by our pipelines or other facilities, such recovery of costs is uncertain and may depend on events beyond our control, including the outcome of future rate proceedings before the FERC and the provisions of any final regulations. In addition, changes in regulatory policies that result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products that are deemed to contribute to greenhouse gases, or restrictions on their use, may reduce volumes available to us for processing, transportation, marketing and storage.
