ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The operation of tow boats, barges and marine equipment create obligations involving property, personnel and cargo under General Maritime Law. These obligations create a variety of risks including, among other things, the risk of collision and allision, which may precipitate claims for personal injury, cargo, contract, pollution, third-party claims and property damages to vessels and facilities.
We are subject to the Jones Act and other federal laws that restrict maritime transportation between U.S. departure and destination points to vessels built and registered in the U.S. and owned and manned by U.S. citizens. As a result of this ownership requirement, we are responsible for monitoring the foreign ownership of our common units and other partnership interests. If we do not comply with such requirements, we would be prohibited from operating our vessels in U.S. coastwise trade, and under certain circumstances we would be deemed to have undertaken an unapproved foreign transfer, resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading rights for our vessels, fines or forfeiture of the vessels. In addition, the USCG and American Bureau of Shipping maintain the most stringent regime of vessel inspection in the world, which tends to result in higher regulatory compliance costs for U.S.-flagged operators than for owners of vessels registered under foreign flags of convenience. Our marine operations are also subject to the Merchant Marine Act of 1936, which under certain conditions would allow the U.S. government to requisition our marine assets in the event of a national emergency.
There is considerable discussion over climate change and the environmental effects of greenhouse gas emissions and their associated consequences on global climate, oceans and ecosystems. Climate change could have a long-term impact on our operations. For example, our facilities that are located in low lying areas such as the coastal regions of Louisiana and Texas may be at increased risk due to flooding, rising sea levels, or disruption of operations from more frequent and severe weather events. Facilities in areas with limited water availability may be impacted if droughts become more frequent or severe. Changes in climate or weather may hinder exploration and production activities or increase the cost of production of oil and gas resources and consequently affect the volume of hydrocarbon products entering our system. Changes in climate or weather may also affect consumer demand for energy or alter the overall energy mix.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We may also be affected by increasingly stringent U.S. federal and foreign environmental laws and regulations that will apply to us or our customers in the future, some of which could increase the cost or reduce the demand for our products and services. For example, due to concern over the risk of climate change, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In other countries, proposed regulations include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Although the ultimate impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, they could make our products more expensive or reduce demand for petroleum products, as well as shift demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources. This, in turn, could affect our operations, earnings and competitive position. 
This 2019 10-K Report and the information incorporated by reference in it, or made by us in other reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, teleconferences, industry conferences or otherwise, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “plan,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. Specifically, this 2019 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements about (i) our expectations regarding the conditions in the aviation, land, and marine markets and the impact on our business, including volume, fuel prices, and the impact of the coronavirus outbreak on us and our customers, (ii) our expectations about the financial impact of portfolio rationalization and our ability to redeploy such capital into activities with sustainable revenue and expected returns, (iii) our expectations regarding sales to government customers,particularly NATO in Afghanistan, and the related impact on our profitability , 
(iv) our beliefs regarding our competitive advantages and our ability to capitalize on these to drive growth, (v) estimates regarding the short and long-term savings and synergies from our cost-savings initiatives and the benefits of our restructuring plan, (vi) our expectations regarding our working capital, liquidity, capital expenditure requirements, (vii) our expectations and estimates regarding certain tax, legal and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, (viii) our expectations regarding the financial and operational impact of our investments in automation and technology, including transaction processing costs, (ix) our expectations regarding the financial impact of acquisitions and divestitures, including estimates of future expenses and our ability to realize estimated synergies, and (x) estimates regarding the financial impact of our derivative contracts. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosures contained in our SEC filings.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Key sales terms, such as pricing and quantities ordered, are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such, we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We generally do not have any unbilled receivables at the end of a period. Deferred revenues are not material and primarily include customer advance payments typically collected a few days before product delivery, at which time deferred revenues are reclassified and recorded as net revenues. We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods nor do we grant payment financing terms greater than one year. 
We promote our products with marketing and advertising programs. These programs include, but are not limited to, cooperative advertising, in-store displays and consumer marketing promotions. For interim reporting purposes, advertising, consumer promotion and marketing research expenses are charged to operations as a percentage of volume, based on estimated sales volume and estimated program spending. We do not defer costs on our year-end consolidated balance sheet and all marketing and advertising costs are recorded as an expense in the year incurred. Advertising expense was $ 1,208 million in 2019 , $ 1,173 million in 2018 and $ 1,248 million in 2017 . We expense product research and development costs as incurred. Research and development expense was $ 351 million in 2019 , $ 362 million in 2018 and $ 366 million in 2017 . We record marketing and advertising as well as research and development expenses within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
Stock-based compensation awarded to employees and non-employee directors is valued at fair value on the grant date. We record stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period, generally three years. Forfeitures are estimated on the grant date for all of our stock-based compensation awards.
