ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The membership interests of Dan Duncan LLC are owned by a voting trust, the current trustees (“DD LLC Trustees”) of which are: (i) Randa Duncan Williams, who is also a director and Chairman of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Enterprise GP; (ii) Richard H. Bachmann, who is also a director and Vice Chairman of the Board of Enterprise GP; and (iii) W. Randall Fowler, who is also a director and the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Enterprise GP. Ms. Duncan Williams and Messrs. Bachmann and Fowler also currently serve as managers of Dan Duncan LLC.
References to “EPCO” mean Enterprise Products Company, a privately held Texas corporation, and its privately held affiliates. The outstanding voting capital stock of EPCO is owned by a voting trust, the current trustees (“EPCO Trustees”) of which are: (i) Ms. Duncan Williams, who serves as Chairman of EPCO; (ii) Mr. Bachmann, who serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of EPCO; and (iii) Mr. Fowler, who serves as an Executive Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer of EPCO. Ms. Duncan Williams and Messrs. Bachmann and Fowler also currently serve as directors of EPCO.
We, Enterprise GP, EPCO and Dan Duncan LLC are affiliates under the collective common control of the DD LLC Trustees and the EPCO Trustees. EPCO, together with its privately held affiliates, owned approximately 32.4% of the Partnership’s common units outstanding at December 31, 2022.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. Changes in the net price per user per month have not been a significant driver of revenue growth for the periods presented. The increase  in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to the higher demand for services from an increased number of customers. 
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately 96 percent  during fiscal year 2019 and 2018 . 
Revenues in Europe and Asia Pacific accounted for $3.8 billion , or 29 percent  of total revenues, for fiscal 2019 , compared to $2.9 billion , or 28 percent  of total revenues, during the same period a year ago, an increase of $0.9 billion , or 31 percent . The increase in revenues outside of the Americas was the result of the increasing acceptance of our services, our focus on marketing our services internationally and investment in additional international resources. Revenues outside of the Americas increased on a total dollar basis by $39 million  in fiscal 2019  compared to fiscal 2018  due to foreign currency fluctuations primarily as a result of the strengthening British Pound Sterling.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Partnership’s accrual for environmental remediation activities reflects anticipated work at identified sites where an assessment has indicated that cleanup costs are probable and reasonably estimable. The accrual for known claims is undiscounted and is based on currently available information, estimated timing of remedial actions and related inflation assumptions, existing technology and presently enacted laws and regulations. It is often extremely difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs due to changing regulations, changing technologies and their associated costs, and changes in the economic environment. Engineering studies, historical experience and other factors are used to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated accruals for environmental remediation activities. 
Under various environmental laws, including the RCRA, the Partnership has initiated corrective remedial action at certain of its facilities, formerly owned facilities and at certain third-party sites. At the Partnership’s major manufacturing facilities, we have typically assumed continued industrial use and a containment/remediation strategy focused on eliminating unacceptable risks to human health or the environment. The remediation accruals for these sites reflect that strategy. Accruals include amounts designed to prevent or mitigate off-site migration and to contain the impact on the facility property, as well as to address known, discrete areas requiring remediation within the plants. Remedial activities include, for example, closure of RCRA waste management units, recovery of hydrocarbons, handling of impacted soil, mitigation of surface water impacts and prevention or 
mitigation of off-site migration. A change in this approach as a result of changing the intended use of a property or a sale to a third party could result in a comparatively higher cost remediation strategy in the future.
