ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Description of Assets Ownership Interest Miles of Natural Gas Pipeline Pipeline Throughput Capacity (Bcf/d) Working Gas Capacity (Bcf/d) Florida Gas Transmission 50 % 5,362 3.5 — Transwestern Pipeline 100 % 2,614 2.1 — 
100 % 6,298 2.8 73.4 Trunkline Gas Company 100 % 2,190 0.9 13.0 Tiger Pipeline 100 % 197 2.4 — Fayetteville Express Pipeline 50 % 185 2.0 — Sea Robin Pipeline 100 % 740 2.0 — Stingray Pipeline 100 % 287 0.4 — Rover Pipeline 32.6 % 719 3.4 — Midcontinent Express Pipeline 50 % 512 1.8 — Gulf States Transmission 100 % 10 0.1 — 
• Florida Gas Transmission Pipeline (“FGT”) has mainline capacity of 3.5 Bcf/d and approximately 5,362 miles of pipelines extending from south Texas through the Gulf Coast region of the United States to south Florida. The FGT system receives natural gas from various onshore and offshore natural gas producing basins. FGT is the principal transporter of natural gas to the Florida energy market, delivering approximately 60% of the natural gas consumed in the state. In addition, FGT’s system operates and maintains multiple interconnects with major interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines, which provide FGT’s customers access to diverse natural gas producing regions. FGT’s customers include electric utilities, independent power producers, industrial end-users and local distribution companies. FGT is owned by Citrus, a 50/50 joint venture with KMI.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
At December 31, 2018, our predominant commodity hedging strategies consisted of (i) hedging anticipated future purchases and sales of commodity products associated with transportation, storage and blending activities, (ii) hedging natural gas processing margins and (iii) hedging the fair value of commodity products held in inventory. 
The objective of our anticipated future commodity purchases and sales hedging program is to hedge the margins of certain transportation, storage, blending and operational activities by locking in purchase and sale prices through the use of derivative instruments and related contracts. 
The objective of our natural gas processing hedging program is to hedge an amount of earnings associated with these activities. We achieve this objective by executing fixed-price sales for a portion of our expected equity NGL production using derivative instruments and related contracts. For certain natural gas processing contracts, the hedging of expected equity NGL production also involves the purchase of natural gas for shrinkage, which is hedged using derivative instruments and related contracts.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: (1) subscription revenues, which are comprised of subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software licenses, and from customers paying for additional support beyond the standard support that is included in the basic subscription fees; and (2) related professional services such as process mapping, project management and implementation services. Other revenue consists primarily of training fees. 
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, for example, overage fees, contingent fees or service level penalties, the Company includes an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. 
With the May 2018 acquisition of MuleSoft, Inc. (“MuleSoft”) and the August 2019 acquisition of Tableau Software, Inc. (“Tableau”), subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term software licenses. On-premises software licenses purchased by customers provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from distinct licenses are generally recognized upfront when the software is made available to the
