ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Other NGL pipelines include the 127-mile  Justice pipeline with capacity of 375 MBbls/d , the 45-mile  Freedom pipeline with a capacity of 56 MBbls/d , the 20-mile  Spirit pipeline with a capacity of 20 MBbls/d  and a 50%  interest in the 87-mile  Liberty pipeline with a capacity of 140 MBbls/d . 
Our Mont Belvieu storage facility is an integrated liquids storage facility with over 46 million Bbls  of salt dome capacity providing 100% fee-based cash flows. The Mont Belvieu storage facility has access to multiple NGL and refined products pipelines, the Houston Ship Channel trading hub, and numerous chemical plants, refineries and fractionators. 
Our Mont Belvieu fractionators handle NGLs delivered from several sources, including the Lone Star Express pipeline and the Justice pipeline. Fractionator VI was placed in service in February 2019, Fractionator VII is currently under construction and is scheduled to be operational by the first quarter of 2020.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of most of the Company’s international subsidiaries is the local currency. Financial statements of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates for revenues and expenses for the respective periods. Cash flows from the Company's operations in foreign countries are generally translated at the weighted average rate for the applicable period in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Such translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. 
We are exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that we enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies. Transactions denominated in currencies other than subsidiaries’ functional currencies are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise. Such transactions include affiliate and ad sales arrangements, content arrangements, equipment and other vendor purchases and intercompany transactions. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses based upon period-end exchange rates. We also record realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency are included in other expense, net . 
Receivables include amounts billed and currently due from customers and are presented net of an estimate for uncollectible accounts. To assess collectability, the Company analyzes market trends, economic conditions, the aging of receivables and customer specific risks, and reserves an amount that it estimates may not be collected. The Company does not require collateral with respect to trade receivables.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
$ 4 million in 2019 and a remeasurement loss of $ 11 million in 2018 within selling, general and administrative expenses related to the revaluation of the Argentinean peso denominated net monetary position over these periods. 
Brexit. In 2019 , we generated 8.6 % of our net revenues in the United Kingdom. On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom began the withdrawal process from the European Union under the European and U.K. Parliament approved Withdrawal Agreement. During a transition period currently scheduled to end on December 31, 2020, the United Kingdom will effectively remain in the E.U.’s customs union and single market while a trade deal with the European Union is negotiated. The deadline for extending the transition period ends on June 30, 2020. If the transition period is not extended, on December 31, 2020, the United Kingdom will either exit the European Union without a trade deal or will begin a new trade relationship with the European Union. During the transition period, we continue to take protective measures in response to the potential impacts on our results of operations and financial condition. Following the Brexit vote in June 2016, there was significant volatility in the global stock markets and currency exchange rates. The value of the British pound sterling relative to the U.S. dollar declined significantly and negatively affected our translated results reported in U.S. dollars. If the ultimate terms of the United Kingdom’s separation from the European Union negatively impact the U.K. economy or result in disruptions to sales or our supply chain, the impact to our results of operations and financial condition could be material. We have taken measures to increase our resources in customer service & logistics together with increasing our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the United Kingdom to help us manage through the Brexit transition and the inherent risks. 
Other Countries. Since we sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries, we monitor economic and currency-related risks and seek to take protective measures in response to these exposures. Some of the countries in which we do business have recently experienced periods of significant economic uncertainty and exchange rate volatility, including Brazil, China, Mexico, Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Egypt, Nigeria, South Africa and Pakistan. We continue to monitor operations, currencies and net monetary exposures in these countries. At this time, we do not anticipate that these countries are at risk of becoming highly inflationary economies.
