ALLSTATE CORP report:
Key risks are assessed and reported through comprehensive ERRM reports prepared for senior management and the RRC. The risk summary report communicates the alignment of Allstate’s risk profile with risk and return principles, while providing a perspective on risk positioning. Discussion promotes active engagement with management and the RRC. Internal controls over key risks are managed and reported to senior management and the Audit Committee of the Company through a semi-annual risk control dashboard. Annually, we review risks related to the strategic plan, operating plan and incentive compensation programs with the Allstate Board. 
Framework We apply risk and return principles using an integrated ERRM framework that focuses on assessment, transparency and dialogue. Our framework provides a comprehensive view of risks and is used by senior management and business managers to drive risk-return based decisions. We continually validate and improve our ERRM practices by benchmarking and obtaining external perspectives. 
Management and the ERRC rely on internal and external perspectives to determine an appropriate level of target economic capital. Internal perspectives include enterprise solvency and volatility assessments, review of key operating and model assumptions, and management judgment. Sensitivity testing and scenario analysis are used to gauge the robustness of Allstate’s risk, capital and liquidity positions. Analysis of extremely low frequency scenarios is used to assess the sufficiency of capital and contingency options under worst-case outcomes, including unlikely but impactful single events, as well as sequences of multiple tail events. External considerations include NAIC risk-based capital as well as S&P’s, Moody’s, and A.M. Best’s capital adequacy measurement. Our economic capital reflects management’s view of the aggregate level of capital necessary to satisfy stakeholder interests, manage Allstate’s risk profile and maintain financial strength. The impact of strategic initiatives on enterprise risk is evaluated through the economic capital framework.

BOEING CO report:
The fair values of notes receivable are estimated with discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The fair value of our debt that is traded in the secondary market is classified as Level 2 and is based on current market yields. For our debt that is not traded in the secondary market, the fair value is classified as Level 2 and is based on our indicative borrowing cost derived from dealer quotes or discounted cash flows. The fair values of our debt classified as Level 3 are based on discounted cash flow models using the implied yield from similar securities. With regard to other financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of our indemnifications and financing commitments because the amount and timing of those arrangements are uncertain. Items not included in the above disclosures include cash, restricted cash, time deposits and other deposits, commercial paper, money market funds, Accounts receivable, Unbilled receivables, Other current assets, Accounts payable and long-term payables. The carrying values of those items, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, approximate their fair value at December 31, 2018 and 2017 . The fair value of assets and liabilities whose carrying value approximates fair value is determined using Level 2 inputs, with the exception of cash (Level 1). 
In addition, we are subject to various U.S. government inquiries and investigations from which civil, criminal or administrative proceedings could result or have resulted in the past. Such proceedings involve or could involve claims by the government for fines, penalties, compensatory and treble damages, restitution and/or forfeitures. Under government regulations, a company, or one or more of its operating divisions or subdivisions, can also be suspended or debarred from government contracts, or lose its export privileges, based on the results of investigations. We believe, based upon current information, that the outcome of any such legal proceeding, claim, or government dispute and investigation will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
Our primary profitability measurements to review a segment’s operating results are Earnings from operations and operating margins. We operate in four reportable segments: BCA , BDS , BGS , and BCC . All other activities fall within Unallocated items, eliminations and other. See page 53 for the Summary of Business Segment Data, which is an integral part of this note.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The primary purpose of our investments is to create an ecosystem of enterprise cloud companies, accelerate the growth of technology startups and system integrators and create the next generation of AI, mobile applications and connected products. Therefore, we continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. Currently, three  of our six publicly held investments are subject to such a contractual obligation, which expire in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. 
Upon adoption of ASU 2016-01 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we are now required to record all fair value adjustments of our publicly traded and privately held equity investments through the statement of operations. As such we anticipate additional volatility to our statements of operations in future periods, due to changes in market prices of our investments in publicly held equity investments and the valuation and timing of observable price changes and impairments of our investments in privately held securities. These changes could be material based on market conditions and events. While historically our investment portfolio has had a positive impact on our financial results, that may not be true for future periods, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations that affect our strategic investments portfolio. 
In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of investment capital.
