VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Networks. We offer a robust portfolio of network connectivity products to help our enterprise and business customers connect with their employees, partners, vendors, customers and, for our government customers, their constituents. 
Internet. We offer our enterprise and business customers the ability to connect to the Internet via our Fios Internet and our dedicated Internet access services, which provide extensive bandwidth, configuration and billing options designed to address specific business needs. 
Private Networks. Our private networking services connect multiple business locations securely through our Private IP and Ethernet services, generally via fiber-optic based connectivity. Point to point connectivity via Ethernet or Wavelength is also available.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The pro forma financial information for all periods presented above has been calculated after adjusting the results of Tableau to reflect the business combination accounting effects resulting from this acquisition, including the amortization expense from acquired intangible assets and the stock-based compensation expense for unvested stock options and restricted stock awards assumed as though the acquisition occurred as of the beginning of the Company’s fiscal year 2019. The historical consolidated financial information has been adjusted in the pro forma combined financial results to give effect to pro forma events that are directly attributable to the business combination and factually supportable. The pro forma financial information is for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the Company’s fiscal 2019. 
The pro forma financial information for fiscal 2020 and 2019 combines the historical results of the Company for fiscal 2020 and 2019, the adjusted historical results of Tableau for the six months ended June 30, 2019 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2018, considering the differences in reporting periods and the date the Company acquired Tableau, and the effects of the pro forma adjustments listed above. Prior to being acquired, Tableau's fiscal year concluded on December 31. 
In October 2019, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of ClickSoftware Technologies, Ltd. ("ClickSoftware"), which provides field service management solutions. The Company has included the financial results of ClickSoftware, which were not material, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for ClickSoftware was approximately $ 1.4 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions):

BOEING CO report:
Global Trade We continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements or sanctions that may impact the Company. 
The current state of U.S.-China relations remains an ongoing watch item. Since 2018, the U.S. and China have imposed tariffs on each other’s imports. Certain aircraft parts and components that Boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. We are mitigating import costs through Duty Drawback Customs procedures. China is a significant market for commercial aircraft. Boeing has long-standing relationships with our Chinese customers, who represent a key component of our commercial aircraft backlog. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship remains stalled as economic and national security concerns continue to be a challenge. 
Beginning in June 2018, the U.S. Government imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. In response to these tariffs, several major U.S. trading partners have imposed, or announced their intention to impose, tariffs on U.S. goods. The U.S. has subsequently reached agreements with Mexico, Canada, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and Japan to ease or remove tariffs on steel and/or aluminum. We continue to monitor the potential for any extra costs that may result from the remaining global tariffs.
