SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, for example, overage fees, contingent fees or service level penalties, the Company includes an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. 
Cloud Services allow customers to use the Company's multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Substantially all of the Company’s subscription service arrangements are non-cancelable and do not contain refund-type provisions. 
Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term and perpetual software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from term and perpetual

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Comanche Trail is a 195 -mile intrastate pipeline that delivers natural gas from the Waha Hub near Pecos, Texas to the United States/Mexico border near San Elizario, Texas. The Partnership owns a 16%  membership interest in and operates Comanche Trail. 
Trans-Pecos is a 143 -mile intrastate pipeline that delivers natural gas from the Waha Hub near Pecos, Texas to the United States/Mexico border near Presidio, Texas. The Partnership owns a 16%  membership interest in and operates Trans-Pecos. 
Old Ocean is a 240 -mile intrastate pipeline system that delivers natural gas from Ellis County, Texas to Brazoria County, Texas. The Partnership owns a 50%  membership interest in and operates Old Ocean.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
If the operating costs of a natural gas processing facility are higher than the incremental value of the NGLs that would be extracted, then recovery levels of certain NGLs, primarily ethane, may be purposefully reduced. This scenario is typically referred to as “ethane rejection” and results in a reduction in NGL volumes available to us for subsequent transportation, fractionation, storage and marketing.
Our NGL marketing activities entail spot and term sales of NGLs that we take title to through our natural gas processing activities (i.e., our equity NGL-equivalent production) and open market and contract purchases. The results of operations for NGL marketing are primarily dependent on the difference between NGL sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our other assets by the marketing group. Market prices for NGLs are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. We attempt to mitigate these price risks through the use of commodity derivative instruments. For a discussion of our commodity hedging program, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report.
The approximate net gas processing capacity does not necessarily correspond to our ownership interest in each facility. The capacity is based on a variety of factors such as the level of volumes an owner processes at the facility and contractual arrangements with joint owners.
