ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our strategy for growth is to deliver substantially more value through innovative products and technology, tailored solutions and exceptional service through investments in future-state technologies and data and analytics capabilities. 
The market for voluntary benefits is growing as these products help employees fill the increasing gaps associated with continued medical cost inflation and the shifting of costs from employers to employees to cover co-pays and deductibles. Favorable industry and economic trends have increased competitive pressure and attracted new traditional and non-traditional entrants to the voluntary benefits market. Recent entrants, including large group medical, life and disability insurance carriers, are leveraging core benefit capabilities by bundling and discounting to capture voluntary market share. We also compete with large group medical carriers in our stop-loss, fully insured group health insurance, short-term medical and medicare supplement insurance offerings. 
Strategy Management of this segment has been assigned to a designated group of professionals with expertise in claims handling, policy coverage interpretation, exposure identification, litigation and reinsurance collection. As part of its responsibilities, this group may pursue settlement agreements including policy buybacks on direct excess commercial business when appropriate to improve the certainty of the liabilities. At the end of 2022, 64% of the direct excess gross case reserves were attributable to settlement agreements. This group also manages other direct commercial and assumed reinsurance business in runoff and engages in reinsurance ceded and assumed commutations as required or when considered economically advantageous.

BOEING CO report:
We inquired of internal and external legal counsel to understand developments related to contractual obligations to customers, litigation and other claims relating to the 737 MAX Grounding and progression in potential settlement discussions. 
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2019 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 ) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019 of the Company, and our report dated January 31, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company's core mission is to empower its customers to connect with their customers in entirely new ways through cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, voice, advanced analytics and artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies. Salesforce’s Customer 360 is an integrated platform that unites sales, service, marketing, commerce, integration, analytics and more to give companies a single, shared view of their customers. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the result of which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
