WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In June 2021, we entered into a multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), replacing the existing $2.5 billion credit agreement, dated February 4, 2016, as amended. We have the capacity to initially borrow up to $2.5 billion under the Credit Agreement. Upon the closing of the proposed Combination with WarnerMedia and subject to certain conditions, the available commitments will increase by $3.5 billion, to an aggregate amount not to exceed $6 billion. The Credit Agreement includes a $150 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit. We may also request additional commitments up to $1 billion from the lenders upon satisfaction of certain conditions. Obligations under the Credit Agreement are unsecured and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Discovery, Inc. and Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc., and will also be guaranteed by the holding company of the WarnerMedia business upon the closing of the proposed Combination. 
The Credit Agreement will be available on a revolving basis until June 2026, with an option for up to two additional 364-day renewal periods subject to the lenders' consent. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as affirmative and negative covenants. As of December 31, 2021, DCL was in compliance with all covenants and there were no events of default under the Credit Facility. 
Additionally, our commercial paper program is supported by the Credit Facility. Under the commercial paper program, we may issue up to $1.5 billion, including up to $500 million of euro-denominated borrowings. Borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility is reduced by any outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Delaware Basin Gathering System, which represents our legacy Permian Basin gathering system, decreased $49 million year-to-year primarily due to lower condensate sales. Natural gas gathering volumes on our Delaware Basin Gathering System increased 213 BBtus/d year-to-year.
Gross operating margin from our Texas Intrastate System increased $87 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average transportation fees, which accounted for a $61 million increase, and higher ancillary and other revenues, which accounted for an additional $31 million increase. Transportation volumes on our Texas Intrastate System increased 449 BBtus/d year-to-year.
Our Midland Basin Gathering System, which represents the natural gas gathering system we acquired in February 2022 as part of our acquisition of Navitas Midstream, generated gross operating margin of $52 million on gathering volumes of 1,273 BBtus/d following the acquisition date. Our Midland Basin natural gas processing activities are discussed under the NGL Pipelines & Services segment.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $13 million in operating expenses primarily due to a $16 million increase due to the impact of the Enable Acquisition, a $20 million increase in ad valorem taxes due to refunds received in 2020 on Transwestern, a $17 million increase in employee related costs and a $14 million increase from the revaluation of system gas. These increases were partially offset by a $39 million decrease due to bad debt expense recorded in the prior period, a $7 million decrease in transportation expense and a $6 million decrease resulting from an inventory valuation adjustment in the prior period; 
• an increase of $24 million in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily due to a $13 million impact resulting from a settlement related to excise taxes on Rover in the prior period and a $13 million increase in allocated overhead costs. These increases were partially offset by a $4 million decrease in professional fees; and 
• a decrease of $104 million in Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates due to a $75 million decrease from our Fayetteville Express Pipeline joint venture as a result of the expiration of foundation shipper contracts, a $21 million decrease from our Citrus joint venture due to a contractual rate adjustment and higher project expenses and a $10 million decrease from our Midcontinent Express Pipeline joint venture due to capacity sold at lower rates; partially offset by
