BOEING CO report:
Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment annually and when an event occurs or circumstances change such that it is more likely than not that an impairment may exist. Our annual testing date is April 1. 
We test goodwill for impairment by performing a qualitative assessment or using a quantitative test. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment and determine it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the net assets is more than the fair value of the related operations, the quantitative test is then performed; otherwise, no further testing is required. For operations where the quantitative test is used, we compare the carrying value of net assets to the estimated fair value of the related operations. If the fair value is determined to be less than carrying value, the shortfall up to the carrying value of the goodwill represents the amount of goodwill impairment. 
Indefinite-lived intangibles consist of a brand and trade name and in-process research and development (IPR&D) acquired in business combinations. IPR&D is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment thereafter. IPR&D is reclassified to finite-lived acquired intangible assets when a project is completed and then amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset’s estimated useful life. We test these intangibles for impairment by comparing the carrying values to current projections of related discounted cash flows. Any excess carrying value over the amount of discounted cash flows represents the amount of the impairment.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Today, global challenges require businesses to digitally transform while leveraging customer data to become more responsive, resilient and efficient. Companies also have to rethink and reshape everything about how and where their employees work. We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for a digital-first customer, employee, and partner experience and connect with their customers through digital channels. 
Our industry-leading AI-powered Customer 360 platform spans sales, service, marketing, commerce and more. It empowers our customers to work together, from anywhere, to deliver seamless, connected experiences for their customers. Our customers can select from our integrated Customer 360 solutions for any team, in any industry and for companies of any size, to get a single source of truth and complete view of their customers. 
Sales. Sales empowers sales teams of companies of every size and industry to manage and automate their entire sales process from leads to opportunities to billing, allowing them to sell faster, smarter and in the way they want. Our customers use our Sales offering to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast opportunities, gain insights through analytics and relationship intelligence and deliver quotes, contracts and invoices. Our Sales offering enables teams to work from anywhere in the office, on the go or at home and support the changing expectations of customers in a digital-first world.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Reserves are reestimated quarterly and periodically throughout the year, by combining historical results with current actual results to calculate new development factors. This process continuously incorporates the historic and latest actual trends, and other underlying changes in the data elements used to calculate reserve estimates. New development factors are likely to differ from previous development factors used in prior reserve estimates because actual results (claims reported or settled, losses paid, or changes to case reserves) occur differently than the implied assumptions contained in the previous development factor calculations. If claims reported, paid losses, or case reserve changes are greater or less than the levels estimated by previous development factors, reserve reestimates increase or decrease. When actual development of these data elements is different than the historical development pattern used in a prior period reserve estimate, a new reserve is determined. The difference between indicated reserves based on new reserve estimates and recorded reserves (the previous estimate) is the amount of reserve reestimate and is recognized as an increase or decrease in claims and claims expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total net reserve reestimates, after-tax, impact on net income applicable to common shareholders were 9.6%  favorable in 2018 , 10.6%  favorable in 2017  and 0.6%  favorable in 2016 . The 3-year average of net reserve reestimates as a percentage of total reserves was a favorable 1.9% for Allstate Protection, an unfavorable 6.8% for Discontinued Lines and Coverages and an unfavorable 2.5% for Service Businesses, each of these results being consistent within a reasonable actuarial tolerance for the respective businesses. A more detailed discussion of reserve reestimates is presented in the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves section of the MD&A. 
Factors affecting reserve estimates    Reserve estimates are developed based on the processes and historical development trends described above. These estimates are considered in conjunction with known facts and interpretations of circumstances and factors including our experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment patterns and pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix and contractual terms, changes in law and regulation, judicial decisions, and economic conditions. When we experience changes of the type previously mentioned, we may need to apply actuarial judgment in the determination and selection of development factors considered more reflective of the new trends, such as combining shorter or longer periods of historical results with current actual results to produce development factors based on two-year, three-year, or longer development periods to reestimate our reserves. For example, if a legal change is expected to have a significant impact on the development of claim severity for a coverage which is part of a particular line of insurance in a specific state, actuarial judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors that will most accurately reflect the expected impact on that specific estimate. Another example would be when a change in economic conditions is expected to affect the cost of repairs to damaged autos or property for a particular line, coverage, or state, actuarial judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors to use in the reserve estimate that will most accurately reflect the expected impacts on severity development. 
As claims are reported, for certain liability claims of sufficient size and complexity, the field adjusting staff establishes case reserve estimates of ultimate cost, based on their assessment of facts and circumstances related to each individual claim. For other claims which occur in large volumes and settle in a relatively short time frame, it is not practical or efficient to set case reserves for each claim, and a statistical case reserve is set for these claims based on estimation techniques described above. In the normal course of business, we may also supplement our claims processes by utilizing third party adjusters, appraisers, engineers, inspectors, and other professionals and information sources to
