SALESFORCE INC report:
In addition, the table above excludes two separate agreements for office facilities to be constructed. As of January 31, 2019  construction has not commenced on either of these buildings and the timing of completion of construction is unknown. Due to this uncertainty the entire commitment for these two obligations are excluded from the table above. These agreements are as follows: 
approximately 324,000  rentable square feet of office space in a building to be constructed as part of the Company's urban campus in San Francisco, California. As of January 31, 2019 , construction has not yet commenced on the building and is dependent on the developer obtaining approval from the City and County of San Francisco. The Company expects to begin occupying the space in fiscal 2024 and the total non-cancelable minimum payments under this agreement are approximately $480 million  over 16 years . Construction has not commenced on the building and is dependent on the developer obtaining approvals from the City and County of San Francisco. 
approximately 603,000  rentable square feet of office space in a building to be constructed in Chicago, Illinois. As of January 31, 2019  construction has not yet commenced on the building. The Company expects to begin occupying the space in fiscal 2022 and the total non-cancelable minimum payments under this agreement are approximately $475 million  over 17 years .

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We design and deploy our network in an efficient manner that we believe maximizes the number of successful data sessions, including video, permitting the completion of large file downloads and uploads while delivering on our advertised throughput speeds, and also maximizes the number of calls that are connected on the first attempt and completed without being dropped. We have been densifying our 4G LTE network by utilizing small cell technology, in-building solutions and distributed antenna systems. Network densification not only enables us to add capacity to address increasing mobile video consumption and the growing demand for  IoT products and services, but also positions us for the deployment of 5G technology . We are also utilizing existing network capabilities to handle increased traffic without interrupting the quality of the customer experience. We have and will continue to deploy advanced technologies to increase both network capacity and data rates. 
Our network includes various elements of redundancy designed to enhance the reliability of our service. To mitigate the impact of power disruptions on our operations, we have battery backup at every switch and every macrocell in our network. We also utilize backup generators at a majority of our macrocells and at every switch location. In addition, we have a fleet of portable backup generators that can be deployed, if needed. We further enhance reliability by using a fully redundant Multiprotocol Label Switching backbone network in critical locations. 
In addition to our own network coverage, we have roaming agreements with a number of wireless service providers to enable our customers to receive wireless service in nearly all other areas in the U.S. where wireless service is available. We also offer a variety of international wireless voice and data services to our customers through roaming arrangements with wireless service providers outside of the U.S. Certain of our roaming agreements can be terminated at will by either party upon several months’ notice; however, we do not believe that the termination of any of these at-will agreements would have a material adverse effect on our business.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
In the normal course of business, the Company provides standard indemnifications to contractual counterparties in connection with numerous transactions, including acquisitions and divestitures. The types of indemnifications typically provided include indemnifications for breaches of representations and warranties, taxes and certain other liabilities, such as third party lawsuits. The indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business based on an assessment that the risk of loss would be remote. The terms of the indemnifications vary in duration and nature. In many cases, the maximum obligation is not explicitly stated and the contingencies triggering the obligation to indemnify have not occurred and are not expected to occur. Consequently, the maximum amount of the obligation under such indemnifications is not determinable. Historically, the Company has not made any material payments pursuant to these obligations. 
The Company is subject to extensive laws, regulations, administrative directives, and regulatory actions. From time to time, regulatory authorities or legislative bodies seek to influence and restrict premium rates, require premium refunds to policyholders, require reinstatement of terminated policies, prescribe rules or guidelines on how affiliates compete in the marketplace, restrict the ability of insurers to cancel or non-renew policies, require insurers to continue to write new policies or limit their ability to write new policies, limit insurers’ ability to change coverage terms or to impose underwriting 
standards, impose additional regulations regarding agency and broker compensation, regulate the nature of and amount of investments, impose fines and penalties for unintended errors or mistakes, impose additional regulations regarding cybersecurity and privacy, and otherwise expand overall regulation of insurance products and the insurance industry. In addition, the Company is subject to laws and regulations administered and enforced by federal agencies, international agencies, and other organizations, including but not limited to the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and the U.S. Department of Justice. The Company has established procedures and policies to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations, to foster prudent business operations, and to support financial reporting. The Company routinely reviews its practices to validate compliance with laws and regulations and with internal procedures and policies. As a result of these reviews, from time to time the Company may decide to modify some of its procedures and policies. Such modifications, and the reviews that led to them, may be accompanied by payments being made and costs being incurred. The ultimate changes and eventual effects of these actions on the Company’s business, if any, are uncertain.
