BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Oilseeds, a decrease of $252 million was primarily due to lower profits in our oilseed processing business, including an unfavorable mark-to-market impact on forward contracts compared to the prior year. 
• In Grains, an increase of $86 million was primarily due higher results in our ocean freight business, better results in our financial services businesses, lower SG&A expenses, and higher net foreign exchange results, partially offset by lower profits in our grain origination, trading and distribution businesses. 
Edible oil products segment Net sales increased by $415 million, or 5%, to $9,601 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $9,186 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, due to higher sales volumes and prices in our business-to-consumer ("B2C") operations, driven by increased at-home consumption associated with COVID-19 stay-at-home orders, and higher prices in our business-to-business ("B2B") operations, partially offset by lower overall B2B volumes as lower food services volumes more than offset higher food processor volumes, again due to COVID-19. The year ended December 31, 2020 also benefited from $47 million of indirect tax credits related to the favorable resolution of a Brazilian indirect tax claim.

SALESFORCE INC report:
During fiscal 2021 and in future fiscal years, we have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure including offices, information technology and data centers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments including in response to the known and potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business. 
In December 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Slack. Under the terms of the agreement, Slack shareholders will receive $26.79 in cash and 0.0776 shares of Salesforce common stock for each outstanding share of Slack Class A and Class B common stock, resulting in an estimated $15.6 billion of cash consideration and 45 million shares to be issued, based on Slack Class A and Class B shares outstanding as of January 31, 2021. The agreement also provides for the assumption of outstanding equity awards held by Slack employees. We expect to fund the cash portion of the consideration with a combination of new debt, as discussed above, and cash on our balance sheet. 
In October 2019, we acquired ClickSoftware for approximately $1.4 billion. In the event that we fully integrate the operations and assets of ClickSoftware, as well as other acquired Israeli based entities into our operations, we may be subject to a potential one-time income tax charge based on an assumed Israeli statutory tax rate of 23 percent applied to the value of any transferred intangibles. The timing and amount of the cash payment, if any, is uncertain and would be based upon a number of factors, including our integration plans, valuations related to intercompany transactions, the tax rate in effect at the time, potential negotiations with the taxing authorities and potential litigation.

BOEING CO report:
Financial Services Revenue We record financial services revenue associated with sales-type/finance leases, operating leases and loans in Sales of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For sales-type leases, we recognize revenue if collection of the lease payments is probable. For sales-type and finance leases, we record customer financing receivables at lease inception. A customer financing receivable is recorded at the aggregate of future minimum lease payments, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and any deferred incremental direct costs less unearned income. Income is recognized over the life of the lease to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. For notes receivable, notes are recorded as customer financing receivables net of any unamortized discounts and deferred incremental direct costs. Interest income and amortization of any discounts are recorded ratably over the related term of the note. 
Income recognition is generally suspended for customer financing receivables that are uncollectible. We determine that a customer financing receivable is uncollectible when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect amounts due according to the original contractual terms. We determine a customer financing receivable is past due when cash has not been received upon the due date specified in the contract. 
We evaluate the collectability of customer financing receivables at commencement and on a recurring basis. If a customer financing receivable is determined to be uncollectible, the customer is categorized as non-accrual status. When a customer is in non-accrual status at commencement, sales-type lease revenue is deferred until substantially all cash has been received or the customer is removed from non-accrual status. If we have a direct finance lease and/or a note receivable with a customer that is in non-accrual status, or a sales-type lease with a customer that changes to non-accrual status after commencement, we recognize contractual interest income as payments are received to the extent there is sufficient collateral and payments exceed past due principal payments.
