WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Distribution revenue includes fees charged for the right to view Discovery's network branded content made available to customers through a variety of distribution platforms and viewing devices. The largest component of distribution revenue is comprised of linear distribution services for rights to our networks from cable, DTH satellite and telecommunication service providers. We have contracts with distributors representing most cable and satellite service providers around the world, including the largest operators in the U.S. and major international distributors. Typically, our television networks are aired pursuant to multi-year carriage agreements that provide for the level of carriage that Discovery’s networks will receive, and, if applicable, for scheduled graduated annual rate increases. Carriage of our networks depends upon package inclusion, such as whether networks are on the more widely distributed, broader packages or lesser-distributed, specialized packages. Distribution revenues are largely dependent on the rates negotiated in the agreements, the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, the number of platforms covered in the distribution agreement, and the market demand for the content that we provide. From time to time, renewals of multi-year carriage agreements include significant year one market adjustments to re-set subscriber rates, which then increase at rates lower than the initial increase in the following years. In some cases, we have provided distributors launch incentives, in the form of cash payments or free periods, to carry our networks. 
In the U.S., more than 96%  of distribution revenues come from the top 10 distributors, with whom we have agreements that expire at various times from 2019 through 2023 . Outside of the U.S., approximately 39%  of distribution revenue comes from the top 10 distributors. Distribution fees are typically collected ratably throughout the year. International television markets vary in their stages of development. Some, notably the U.K., are more advanced digital multi-channel television markets, while others operate in the analog environment with varying degrees of investment from distributors in expanding channel capacity or converting to digital. 
Distribution revenue also includes fees charged for bulk content arrangements and other subscription services for episodic content. These digital distribution revenues are impacted by the quantity, as well as the quality, of the content Discovery provides.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In our natural gas gathering business, we encounter competition in obtaining contracts to gather natural gas supplies, particularly new supplies. Competition in natural gas gathering is based in large part on reputation, efficiency, system reliability, gathering system capacity and pricing arrangements. Our key competitors in the natural gas gathering business include independent gas gatherers and major integrated energy companies. Our natural gas marketing activities compete primarily with other natural gas pipeline companies and their marketing affiliates as well as standalone natural gas marketing and trading firms. Competition in the natural gas marketing business is based primarily on competitive pricing, proximity to customers and market hubs, and quality of customer service.
We compete with numerous producers of PGP, which include many of the major refiners and petrochemical companies located along the Gulf Coast, in terms of the level of toll processing fees charged and access to pipeline and storage infrastructure. Our petrochemical marketing activities encounter competition from major integrated oil companies and various petrochemical companies that have varying levels of financial and personnel resources, and competition generally revolves around product price, quality of customer service, logistics and location.
With respect to our isomerization operations, we compete primarily with facilities located in Kansas, Louisiana and New Mexico. Competitive factors affecting this business include the level of toll processing fees charged, the quality of isobutane that can be produced and access to supporting pipeline and storage infrastructure. We compete with other octane additive manufacturing companies primarily on the basis of price.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
have also excluded Give & Go from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Give & Go is a majority-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 0.4% and 1%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
