UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
We monitor global trade, economic, geopolitical, regulatory and environmental factors, as well as other factors impacting the business environment. We quickly implement measures to convert risk to opportunity and help our customers adjust their supply chains to a fast-moving world. We have a long history of joint ventures and partnerships that provide operational flexibility and the ability to acquire new capabilities as we build scale, and we also forge new marketplace alliances to stay at the cutting edge of business. For example, our Digital Access Program makes it easier for SMBs to use our services by embedding our shipping solutions directly into leading e-commerce platforms. 
We are a disciplined and focused business that purposefully reinvests capital to achieve both long-term strategic benefits and favorable returns. In September 2018, we communicated our commitment to continuous transformation and to invest to modernize our business and operations through state-of-the art technology. We see transformation as an ongoing commitment to enhance quality and efficiency as we deliver innovative capabilities and services. Our strategic investments are primarily focused in areas we believe will drive growth and lasting profit potential: 
 In recent periods, we have added approximately ten million square feet of highly automated capacity in more than forty new and remodeled facilities globally. We have also continued to implement numerous new technologies to help control the network and ensure resources are in the right place at the right time.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company evaluates and tests the recoverability of its goodwill for impairment at least annually during its fourth quarter of each fiscal year or more often if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. 
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. 
During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the Company is within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company’s consolidated statement of operations.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The following table summarizes the activity for foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges, debt designated as a hedge of net investment in a foreign subsidiary and certain other derivative financial instruments, as well as the amounts and location of income (expense) and gain (loss) reclassified into income. 
A gain of $ 19 million, a loss of $ 171 million and a gain of $ 75 million were recognized in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedges. These amounts are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line.
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.
