ALLSTATE CORP report:
Performance-based strategy seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns and supplement market risk with idiosyncratic risk. Returns are impacted by a variety of factors including general macroeconomic and public market conditions as public benchmarks are often used in the valuation of underlying investments. Variability in earnings will also result from the performance of the underlying assets or business and the timing of sales of those investments. Earnings from the sales of investments may be recorded as net investment income or realized capital gains and losses. The portfolio, which primarily includes private equity and real estate with a majority being limited partnerships, is diversified across a number of characteristics, including managers or partners, vintage years, strategies, geographies (including international) and industry sectors or property types. These investments are generally illiquid in nature, often require specialized expertise, typically involve a third-party manager, and often enhance returns and income through transformation at the company or property level. A portion of these investments seek returns in markets or asset classes that are dislocated or special situations, primarily in private markets. 
Ongoing uncertainty related to the future path of the pandemic has and may continue to create market volatility that has impacted the valuations, liquidity, prospects and risks of fixed income securities, equity securities and performance-based investments, primarily limited partnership interests, during 2020. Fixed income securities in certain sectors such as energy, automotive, retail, travel, lodging and airlines were negatively impacted. Although fixed income and equity security values generally increased since the first quarter, future investment results will depend on developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, preventive measures to combat the spread of the virus, and capital market conditions, including the pace of economic recovery and effectiveness of the fiscal and monetary policy responses. During the second quarter of 2020, short-term loan modifications were executed to grant temporary partial deferral of payments on $274 million of commercial mortgage loans with $2 million of modified payments outstanding as of December 31, 2020. 
Some of the restrictions implemented to contain the pandemic have been relaxed, but reduced economic activity, limits on large gatherings and events and higher unemployment continue. Additionally, there is no way of predicting with certainty how long the pandemic might last, including the potential for restrictions being restored or new restrictions being implemented that could result in further economic volatility.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In certain cases, we are able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, we use a range of SSP. We determine the SSP range using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography. 
Costs Capitalized to Obtain Revenue Contracts. Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years, which, although longer than the typical initial contract period, reflects the average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. Significant judgment is required in arriving at this average period of benefit. Therefore, we evaluate both qualitative and quantitative factors which include the estimated life cycles of our offerings and our customer attrition. 
Business Combinations. Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pre-acquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We monitor the collectability of our wireless service receivables as one overall pool. Wireline service receivables are disaggregated and pooled by the following customer groups: consumer, small and medium business, global enterprise, public sector and wholesale. For wireless service receivables and wireline consumer and small and medium business receivables, the allowance is calculated based on a 12 month rolling average write-off balance multiplied by the average life-cycle of an account from billing to write-off. The risk of loss is assessed over the contractual life of the receivables and we adjust the historical loss amounts for current and future conditions based on management’s qualitative considerations. For global enterprise, public sector and wholesale wireline receivables, the allowance for credit losses is based on historical write-off experience and individual customer credit risk, if applicable. We consider multiple factors in determining the allowance as discussed above. 
Inventory consists of wireless and wireline equipment held for sale, which is carried at the lower of cost (determined principally on either an average cost or first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value. 
When depreciable assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are deducted from the property, plant and equipment accounts and any gains or losses on disposition are recognized in Selling, general and administrative expense.
