ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• completion of projects at our Mont Belvieu complex, which accounted for a $ 759.7 million decrease and included placing into service our iBDH facility (December 2019), Frac X (March 2020) and Frac XI (September 2020); 
 • lower investments in natural gas processing facilities and related infrastructure that support Permian Basin production, which accounted for a $ 372.4 million decrease. We completed the final phase of our Orla plant in July 2019 and placed our Mentone plant into service in December 2019; 
 • higher investments in crude oil pipelines, including those expanding our Midland-to-ECHO System, and related infrastructure that support Permian Basin production, which accounted for a combined $82.2 million increase; and

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Fair value estimates for private equity investments are calculated by the general partners using the market approach to estimate the fair value of private investments. The market approach utilizes prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions, type of security, degree of liquidity, restrictions on the disposition, latest round of financing data, company financial statements, relevant valuation multiples and discounted cash flow analyses. 
Fair value estimates for private debt placements are calculated using standardized valuation methods, including but not limited to income-based techniques such as discounted cash flow projections or market-based techniques utilizing public and private transaction multiples as comparables. 
Fair value estimates for real estate investments are calculated by investment managers using the present value of future cash flows expected to be received from the investments, based on valuation methodologies such as appraisals, local market conditions, and current and projected operating performance.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In our aviation and land segments, we primarily purchase and resell fuel and other products. Profit from our aviation and land segments is primarily determined by the volume and the gross profit achieved on fuel sales and related services. In our marine segment, we primarily purchase and resell fuel and also act as brokers for others. Profit from our marine segment is determined mostly by the volume and unit margin achieved on fuel resales. Profitability in our segments also depends on our operating expenses, which may be materially affected to the extent that we are required to provide for potential bad debt. 
Corporate expenses are allocated to each segment based on usage, where possible, or other factors according to the nature of the activity. We evaluate and manage our business segments using the performance measurement of income from operations. 
Selected financial information with respect to our business segments is provided in "Note 13. Business Segments, Geographic Information and Major Customers" within "Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" included in this 2020 10-K Report.
