ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In March 2016, PHMSA issued proposed new safety regulations for natural gas transmission pipelines that broaden the scope of safety coverage in several ways, including but not limited to: (i) modifying the regulation of gathering lines by eliminating the exemption from reporting requirements for gas gathering line operators and revising the definition for gathering lines; (ii) adding new assessment and revising repair criteria for pipeline segments in HCAs and establishing repair criteria for pipelines that are outside of HCAs; (iii) expanding the scope of the regulations to include pipelines located in areas of Moderate Consequence Areas (“MCAs”); (iv) adding a requirement to test pipelines built before 1970, which are currently exempt from certain pipeline safety requirements; (v) modifying the way that pipeline operators secure and inspect transmission pipeline infrastructure following extreme weather events; (vi) clarifying requirements for conducting risk assessment associated with integrity management activities; (vii) expanding mandatory data collection and integration requirements associated with integrity management activities, including data validation; (viii) requiring new safety features for pipeline “pig” launchers and receivers; and (ix) requiring a systematic approach to verify a pipeline’s maximum allowable operating pressure (“MAOP”) and requiring operators to report MAOP exceedances. PHMSA has since decided to split its 2016 proposed rule, which has become known as the “gas mega rule,” into three separate rulemakings to facilitate completion. The first of these three rulemakings, relating to onshore gas transmission pipelines, was published as a final rule on October 1, 2019 and became effective on July 1, 2020. The rule imposes numerous requirements on such pipelines, including MAOP reconfirmation, the periodic assessment of these pipelines in populated areas not designated as HCAs, the reporting of exceedances of MAOP, and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. In November 2021, PHMSA released another part of the gas mega rule to expand regulations on U.S. gathering lines. This rule requires operators of all onshore gas gathering lines to report incidents and to file annual reports, and imposes additional safety requirements for larger diameter, higher-operating pressure gas gathering lines. The remaining part of the gas mega rule is expected to be issued in April 2022.
PHMSA has also issued a final rule, which became effective in January 2019, that amends pipeline safety regulations covering the types, design, and installation of plastic materials that can be used to transport natural gas. The new rule permits the use of PVC pipe, adopts a variety of applicable industry standards, and revises regulations related to storage and handling, component design, valve design, standard fittings, and pipe testing associated with the use of plastic pipe.
The development and/or implementation of more stringent requirements pursuant to regulations implementing all of the requirements of the Pipeline Safety Act, the SAFE PIPES Act, or the PIPES Act, as well as any implementation of the PHMSA rules thereunder or reinterpretation of guidance by PHMSA or any state agencies with respect thereto, may result in us incurring significant and unanticipated expenditures to comply with such standards. Until any proposed regulations are finalized, the impact on our operations, if any, is not known.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Because fuel is a major component of an aircraft’s operating costs, our customers require cost-effective and professional fuel services. We have developed an extensive network, consisting of on-airport fueling operations and third‑party suppliers and service providers that enable us to provide aviation fuel and related services throughout the world. We believe the breadth of our service offering combined with our global supplier network is a strategic differentiator that allows customers to secure fuel and high‑quality services in locations worldwide on short notice. 
We purchase our aviation fuel from suppliers worldwide. Fuel may be delivered into our customers’ aircraft or to a designated storage facility located at one of our locations or our suppliers’ locations pursuant to arrangements with them. Inventory is purchased at airport locations or shipped via pipelines and held at multiple locations for strategic reasons. We engage in contract sales, which are sales made pursuant to fuel purchase contracts with customers who commit to purchasing fuel from us over the contract term. We also conduct spot sales, which are sales that do not involve continuing contractual obligations by our customers to purchase fuel from us. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market‑based formulas or government-controlled prices. 
In our land segment, we primarily offer fuel, heating oil, propane, natural gas, lubricants and related products and services to petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and government customers. Our land related services include management services for the procurement of fuel and price risk management. We primarily conduct these activities throughout most of the U.S. as well as parts of the U.K. and Brazil. We also offer advisory and fulfillment solutions with respect to power, natural gas and other energy products through Kinect, our global energy management solutions business, with offices in the U.S., Australia and throughout Western Europe. In addition, we offer transaction management services, which include card payment solutions, government payment systems for global fuel procurement, merchant processing services, payment solutions for tolls across Europe, and commercial payment programs. Finally, we also supply products to U.S. and foreign government, intergovernmental and military customers, such as NATO.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net Revenues – Net revenues increased $42 million ( 0.2% ) to $25,938 million in 2018 , and Organic Net Revenue (1) increased $603 million ( 2.4% ) to $26,229 million . Power Brands net revenues increased 2.0% , including an unfavorable currency impact, and Power Brands Organic Net Revenue increased 3.2% . Emerging markets net revenues decreased 0.5% , including an unfavorable currency impact, and emerging markets Organic Net Revenue increased 5.7% . The underlying changes in net revenues and Organic Net Revenue are detailed below: 
Net revenue increase of 0.2% was driven by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 2.4% and the impact of an acquisition, mostly offset by unfavorable currency and the impact of divestitures. Our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Net pricing was up, which includes the benefit of carryover pricing from 2017 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2018. Higher net pricing was reflected in Latin America, AMEA and North America, partially offset by lower net pricing in Europe. Favorable volume/mix was reflected in Europe and AMEA, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in Latin America and North America. The June 7, 2018 acquisition of a U.S. premium biscuit company, Tate’s Bake Shop, added net revenues of $52 million in 2018. Unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $343 million, due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several other currencies, including the Argentinean peso, Brazilian real, Russian ruble, Indian rupee and Turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, British pound sterling and Chinese yuan. The impact of divestitures that occurred in 2017 resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $270 million. Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for more information. 
Operating Income – Operating income decreased $150 million ( 4.3% ) to $3,312 million in 2018, Adjusted Operating Income (1)   increased $202 million ( 4.9% ) to $4,321 million and Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis (1) increased $257 million ( 6.2% ) to $4,376 million due to the following:
