MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We adopted the Mondelēz International Code of Conduct, which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The code applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics is available free of charge on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance and will be provided free of charge to any shareholder submitting a written request to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelēz International, Inc., Three Parkway North, Deerfield, IL 60015. We will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under our code of ethics, or certain amendments to the code of ethics, on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance . 
In addition, we adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters for each of the Board’s four standing committees and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Non-Employee Directors. All of these materials are available on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance and will be provided free of charge to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelēz International, Inc., Three Parkway North, Deerfield, IL 60015. 
Our Internet address is www.mondelezinternational.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge as soon as possible after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You can access our filings with the SEC by visiting ir.mondelezinternational.com/sec-filings . The information on our web site is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Diagnostic Products segment’s products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
These products include a broad line of pediatric and adult nutritional products manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to consumers and to institutions, wholesalers, retailers, health care facilities, government agencies, and third-party distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers or third-party distributors.
Primary marketing efforts for nutritional products are directed toward consumers or to securing the recommendation of Abbott’s brand of products by physicians or other health care professionals. In addition, certain nutritional products sold as Similac ® , Gain™, Grow™, Eleva™, PediaSure ® , PediaSure SideKicks ® , Pedialyte ® , Ensure ® , Zone Perfect ® , and Glucerna ® are also promoted directly to the public by consumer marketing efforts in select markets where appropriate.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We continue to actively monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business including related actions taken by government authorities. We saw improvement in Net sales and total case volumes during fiscal year 2021 coinciding with declining infection rates and loosening of indoor dining restrictions and other safety measures. Overall demand started to return to pre-COVID-19 levels at times during 2021; however, full year case volumes remained lower than pre-COVID-19 levels. 
Economic and operating conditions for our business have improved in each quarter of 2021 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. However, uncertainty around the pandemic persists and, as a result, we and the industry may continue to face pandemic-related challenges, such as the recent Omicron variant and related case increases, as the recovery continues, such as constraints on the availability of product supply, increased product and logistics costs, labor shortages, inflation and shifts in the buying patterns of our customers. Therefore, we are unable to predict the duration and extent to which the pandemic will continue to impact our results of operations. We are optimistic about the long-term prospects for our business. US Foods operates in a large and essential industry with a highly diversified set of end consumers. 
As one of the largest companies in our industry, we believe we are well positioned for long-term success as the fragmented nature of our industry and the current environment create new opportunities for companies with the size and resources of US Foods. We believe we are differentiated from many of our competitors on a number of fronts including our national footprint, multi-channel platform, strong technology capabilities and value-added service offerings, all of which allowed us to continue to serve our customers during the challenges created by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our product development efforts continue to deliver product innovations that resonate with our customers.
