BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Secured Advances to Suppliers —Secured advances to suppliers are stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. Secured advances to suppliers are expected to be settled through delivery of non-cash assets and as such, allowances are established when collection is not probable. We establish an allowance for secured advances to suppliers, generally farmers and resellers of grain, based on historical experience, farming economics and other market conditions as well as specific customer collection issues. Uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount below the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection is unlikely. 
Secured advances to suppliers bear interest at contractual rates that reflect current market interest rates at the time of the transaction. There are no deferred fees or costs associated with these receivables. As a result, there are no imputed interest amounts to be amortized under the interest method. Interest income is calculated based on the terms of the individual agreements and is recognized on an accrual basis. 
We follow accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses, which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels, defined as portfolio segments and classes. Under this guidance, secured advances to suppliers are considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we

SALESFORCE INC report:
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2023 were as follows (in millions):    Measurement Category   Fair Value Measurement Alternative Other Total Equity securities $ 48   $ 4,479   $ 76   $ 4,603   Debt securities and other investments 0   0   69   69   
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2022 were as follows (in millions):    Measurement Category   Fair Value Measurement Alternative Other Total Equity securities $ 370   $ 4,204   $ 122   $ 4,696   Debt securities and other investments 0   0   88   88   
The Company holds investments in, or management agreements with, VIEs which the Company does not consolidate because it is not considered the primary beneficiary of these entities. The carrying value of VIEs within strategic investments was $ 354 million and $ 467 million, as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• structural heart products, including MitraClip ® , a mitral valve transcatheter edge-to-edge repair system; TriClip ® , a tricuspid valve transcatheter edge-to-edge repair system; Epic ® , a surgical family of aortic valve and mitral valve replacement devices; Portico ® and Navitor™ transcatheter aortic heart valves; Regent™ and Masters Series™ mechanical heart valves; Amplatzer ® PFO occluders; Amplatzer Amulet ® occluder devices; and the Tendyne ® transcatheter mitral valve replacement system; 
• continuous glucose and blood glucose monitoring systems under the FreeStyle ® brand such as the FreeStyle Libre ® system, including sensors, data management decision software, test strips, and accessories for people with diabetes; and 
• neuromodulation products, including spinal cord stimulators Proclaim ® Elite and Proclaim ® XR Recharge-free implantable pulse generators (IPG) and Prodigy MRI ® IPG, each with BurstDR ® stimulation, and Proclaim ® DRG IPG, a neurostimulation device designed for dorsal root ganglion therapy, for the treatment of chronic pain disorders; and the Infinity ® Deep Brain Stimulation System with directional lead technology for the treatment of movement disorders.
