WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For equity investments without readily determinable fair value, investments are recorded at cost and adjusted for subsequent observable price changes as of the date that an observable transaction takes place. The Company performs a qualitative assessment on a quarterly basis to determine if any observable price changes have occurred. If the qualitative assessment indicates that an observable price change has occurred, a gain or loss is recorded equal to the difference between the fair value and carrying value in the current period as a component of other income (expense), net. (See Note 10.) 
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to modify its exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and from market volatility related to certain investments measured at fair value. At the inception of a derivative contract, the Company designates the derivative based on the Company’s intentions and expectations as to the likely effectiveness as a hedge (see Note 13), as follows: 
The Company may designate derivative instruments as cash flow hedges to mitigate foreign currency risk arising from third-party revenue agreements, intercompany licensing agreements, production expenses and rebates, or to hedge the interest rate risk for certain senior notes and forecasted debt issuances as cash flow hedges. For instruments accounted for as cash flow hedges, the change in the fair value of the forward contract is recorded in other comprehensive (loss) income and reclassified into the statement of operations in the same line item in which the hedged item is recorded and in the same period as the hedged item affects earnings.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We face competition with respect to retaining and obtaining significant natural gas supplies under terms favorable to us for the gathering, treating and marketing portions of our business. Our competitors include major integrated oil and gas companies, interstate and intrastate pipelines and other companies that gather, compress, treat, process, transport and market natural gas. Many of our competitors, such as major oil and gas and pipeline companies, have capital resources and control supplies of natural gas substantially greater than ours. 
In marketing natural gas, we have numerous competitors, including marketing affiliates of interstate pipelines, major integrated oil and gas companies, and local and national natural gas gatherers, brokers and marketers of widely varying sizes, financial resources and experience. Local utilities and distributors of natural gas are, in some cases, engaged directly, and through affiliates, in marketing activities that compete with our marketing operations. 
In markets served by our NGL pipelines, we face competition with other pipeline companies, including those affiliated with major oil, petrochemical and natural gas companies, and barge, rail and truck fleet operations. In general, our NGL pipelines compete with these entities in terms of transportation fees, reliability and quality of customer service. We face competition with other storage facilities based on fees charged and the ability to receive and distribute the customer’s products. We compete with a number of NGL fractionators in Texas and Louisiana. Competition for such services is primarily based on the fractionation fee charged.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We provide a range of benefits to our current and retired employees including pension benefits, defined contribution plan benefits, postretirement health care benefits and postemployment primarily severance-related benefits depending upon local statutory requirements, employee tenure and service requirements as well as other factors. The cost for these plans is recognized in earnings primarily over the working life of the covered employee. 
We use financial instruments to manage our currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program, which focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. A principal objective of our risk management strategies is to reduce significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations that may arise from volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates, principally through the use of derivative instruments. 
We use a combination of primarily currency forward contracts, futures, options and swaps; commodity forward contracts, futures and options; and interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the value of our debt. See Note 10, Financial Instruments , for more information on the types of derivative instruments we use.
