COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Paid cardholders (except affiliates) are eligible to upgrade to an Executive membership in the U.S., for an additional annual fee of $60. Executive memberships are also available in Canada, Mexico, the U.K., Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and Australia, for which the additional fee varies. Executive members earn a 2% reward on qualified purchases (generally up to a maximum reward of $1,000 per year), redeemable at Costco warehouses. This program offers services that vary by state and country and provide access to additional savings and benefits on various business and consumer services, such as auto and home insurance, the Costco auto purchase program, and check printing. Executive members totaled 32.3 million and represented 45.4% of paid members. The sales penetration of Executive members represented approximately 72.8% of worldwide net sales in 2023. 
Our Code of Ethics requires that we “Take Care of Our Employees,” which is fundamental to the obligation to “Take Care of Our Members.” We must also carefully control our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, so that we can sell high quality goods and services at low prices. Compensation and benefits for employees is our largest expense after the cost of merchandise and is carefully monitored. 
At the end of 2023, we employed 316,000 employees worldwide. Approximately 95% are employed in our membership warehouses and distribution channels, and approximately 5% are represented by unions. We also utilize seasonal employees.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Items impacting our operating results are discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , Note 6, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , Note 7, Equity Method Investments , Note 8, Restructuring Program , Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 11, Benefit Plans and Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies – Tax Matters .Items impacting our segment operating results are discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , Note 4, Property, Plant and Equipment , Note 6, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , Note 8, Restructuring Program , and Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies . Also see Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , and Note 10, Financial Instruments , for more information on our interest and other expense, net for each period. 
Unallocated assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, deferred income taxes, centrally held property, plant and equipment, prepaid pension assets and derivative financial instrument balances. Final adjustments for jurisdictional netting of deferred tax assets and liabilities is done at a consolidated level. 
Includes depreciation expense related to owned property, plant and equipment. Does not include amortization of intangible assets or leased assets. Refer to the consolidated statement of cash flows for 2019 for total depreciation and amortization expenses.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Long-lived assets on a geographic basis primarily include property and equipment. It excludes goodwill, intangible assets, deferred tax assets, and financial instruments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, long-lived assets totaled $ 14.2 billion and $ 13.1 billion, respectively, and in the United States such assets totaled $ 7.7 billion and $ 6.8 billion, respectively. Long-lived asset balances associated with other countries were not material on an individual country basis in either of the two years. 
On February 8, 2023, Abbott entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSI). CSI sells an atherectomy system used in treating peripheral and coronary artery disease. The acquisition, which is expected to add complementary technologies to Abbott’s portfolio of vascular device offerings, is subject to the approval of CSI shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including applicable regulatory approvals. Under the terms of the agreement, Abbott will pay $ 20 per common share at a total expected equity value of approximately $ 890 million. The acquisition is expected to be funded with cash on hand. 
The management of Abbott Laboratories is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Abbott’s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company’s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.
