ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Parent Company’s principal sources of cash flow are derived from its direct and indirect investments in the limited partner and general partner interests in ETO. ETO’s earnings and cash flows are generated by its subsidiaries, including ETO’s investments in Sunoco LP and USAC. The amount of cash that ETO, Sunoco LP and USAC distribute to their respective partners, including the Parent Company, each quarter is based on earnings from their respective business activities and the amount of available cash, as discussed below. 
In order to fully understand the financial condition and results of operations of the Parent Company on a stand-alone basis, we have included discussions of Parent Company matters apart from those of our consolidated group. 
Our primary objective is to increase the level of our distributable cash flow to our Unitholders over time by pursuing a business strategy that is currently focused on growing our subsidiaries’ natural gas and liquids businesses through, among other things, pursuing certain construction and expansion opportunities relating to our subsidiaries’ existing infrastructure and acquiring certain strategic operations and businesses or assets. The actual amounts of cash that we will have available for distribution will primarily depend on the amount of cash our subsidiaries generate from their operations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We determine the fair value of each reporting unit using accepted valuation techniques, primarily through the use of discounted cash flows (i.e., an income approach to fair value) supplemented by market-based assessments, if available. The estimated fair values of our reporting units incorporate assumptions regarding the future economic prospects of the assets and operations that comprise each reporting unit including: (i) discrete financial forecasts for the assets comprising the reporting unit, which, in turn, rely on management’s estimates of long-term operating margins, throughput volumes, capital investments and similar factors; (ii) long-term growth rates for the reporting unit’s cash flows beyond the discrete forecast period; and (iii) appropriate discount rates. The fair value estimates are based on Level 3 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. We believe that the assumptions we use in estimating reporting unit fair values are consistent with those that market participants would use in their fair value estimation process. However, due to uncertainties in the estimation process and volatility in the supply and demand for hydrocarbons and similar risk factors, actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.
We did not record any goodwill impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2021. Based on our most recent goodwill impairment test at December 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units was substantially in excess of its carrying value (i.e., by at least 10%).
As noted previously, preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates that affect amounts presented in the financial statements. Due to the time required to compile actual billing information and receive third party data needed to record transactions, we routinely employ estimates in connection with revenue and expense amounts in order to meet our accelerated financial reporting deadlines.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Operating lease amounts above do not include sublease income. The Company has entered into various sublease agreements with third parties. Under these agreements, the Company expects to receive sublease income of approximately $ 166 million in the next five years and $ 34 million thereafter. 
As of January 31, 2021, the Company had additional leases that had not yet commenced totaling $ 1.5 billion and therefore not reflected on the consolidated balance sheet and tables above. These leases include agreements for office facilities to be constructed. These leases will commence between fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2025 with lease terms of 3 to 18 years. 
Of the total lease commitment balance, including leases not yet commenced, of $ 5.4 billion, approximately $ 4.9 billion is related to facilities space. The remaining commitment amount is primarily related to equipment.
