WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) outbreak to be a global pandemic. COVID-19 has continued to spread throughout the world, and the duration and severity of its effects and associated economic disruption remain uncertain. We continue to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business and geographies, including the impact on our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors, distribution and advertising partners, production facilities, and various other third parties. 
Beginning in the second quarter of 2020, demand for the Company’s advertising products and services decreased due to economic disruptions from limitations on social and commercial activity. These economic disruptions and the resulting effect on the Company eased during the second half of 2020. The pandemic did not have a significant impact on demand during fiscal year 2021. Many of the Company’s third-party production partners that were shut down during most of the second quarter of 2020 due to COVID-19 restrictions came back online in the third quarter of 2020 and, as a result, the Company has incurred additional costs to comply with various governmental regulations and implement certain safety measures for the Company's employees, talent, and partners. Additionally, certain sporting events that the Company has rights to were cancelled or postponed, thereby eliminating or deferring the related revenues and expenses, including the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games, which occurred in July and August 2021. The postponement of the 2020 Olympic Games deferred both Olympic-related revenues and significant expenses from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2021. 
In response to the impact of the pandemic, we employed innovative production and programming strategies, including producing content filmed by our on-air talent and seeking viewer feedback on which content to air. We pursued a number of cost savings initiatives, which began during the third quarter of 2020 through the implementation of travel, marketing, production and other operating cost reductions, including personnel reductions, restructurings and resource reallocations to align our expense structure to ongoing changes within the industry.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Failure to comply with the various restrictive and affirmative covenants of our revolving credit facilities could require us to pay debt balances prior to scheduled maturity and could negatively impact the Partnership’s or our subsidiaries’ ability to incur additional debt and/or our ability to pay distributions to Unitholders. 
The agreements relating to the Transwestern senior notes contain certain restrictions that, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional debt, the sale of assets and the payment of dividends and specify a maximum debt to capitalization ratio. 
The Sunoco LP Credit Facility contains various customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, including a change of control event of default, as defined therein. Sunoco LP’s Credit Facility requires Sunoco LP to maintain a specified net leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our total debt was $20.0 billion at December 31, 2020 and $18.4 billion at December 31, 2019. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 0.42 at December 31, 2020 and 0.40 at December 31, 2019. At December 31, 2020, the weighted-average term of our outstanding long-term debt was 7.4 years. Our average daily commercial borrowings were $2.3 billion in 2020, $4.1 billion in 2019 and $4.5 billion in 2018. We had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2020 and $2.6 billion outstanding as of December 31, 2019. We expect to continue to use cash or commercial paper to finance various short-term financing needs. As of December 31, 2020, we continued to be in compliance with our debt covenants. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , for more information on our debt and debt covenants. 
We regularly monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost and currency trends so we can cost-effectively secure ingredients, packaging and fuel required for production. During 2020, the primary drivers of the increase in our aggregate commodity costs were higher currency exchange transaction costs on imported materials, as well as increased costs for cocoa, dairy, sugar, energy, packaging, nuts, grains and other ingredients costs, partially offset by lower costs for oils. 
A number of external factors such as weather conditions, commodity market conditions, currency fluctuations and the effects of governmental agricultural or other programs affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We use hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes, such as dairy, where there is a limited ability to hedge, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. Due to competitive or market conditions, planned trade or promotional incentives, fluctuations in currency exchange rates or other factors, our pricing actions may also lag commodity cost changes temporarily.
