SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. In July 2021, we acquired Slack, a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We plan to integrate Slack with most Salesforce offerings.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The NAIC has adopted the Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act (“ORSA Model Act”), which has been enacted by our insurance subsidiaries’ domiciliary states. The ORSA Model Act requires that insurers maintain a risk management framework and conduct an internal own risk and solvency assessment of the insurer’s material risks in normal and stressed environments. Results of the assessment are filed annually. 
Allstate’s risk appetite is measured through our economic capital framework. The enterprise risk appetite is cascaded into individual risk limits which set boundaries on the amount of risk we are willing to accept from one specific risk category before escalating for further management discussion and action. Risk limits are established based upon expected returns, volatility, potential tail losses and impact on the enterprise portfolio. To effectively operate within risk limits and for risk-return optimization, business units establish risk limits and capital targets specific to their businesses. Allstate’s risk management strategies adapt to changes in business and market environments. 
Process Our ERRM framework establishes a basis for transparency and dialogue across the enterprise and for continuous learning by embedding our risk and return management culture of identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and reporting risks within the organization. Allstate designs business and enterprise strategies that seek to optimize risk-adjusted returns on capital. Risks are managed at both the legal entity and enterprise level.

BOEING CO report:
The FAA and other non-U.S. civil aviation authorities will determine the timing and conditions of return to service. Our assumptions reflect our current best estimate, but actual timing and conditions of return to service and resumption of deliveries could differ from this estimate, the effect of which could be material. We are unable at this time to reasonably estimate potential future additional financial impacts or a range of loss, if any, due to continued uncertainties related to the timing and conditions of return to service, future changes to the production rate, supply chain impacts or the results of negotiations with particular customers. Any such impacts, including any changes in our estimates, could have a material adverse effect on our 
financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. For example, we expect that, in the event that we are unable to resume aircraft deliveries consistent with our assumptions, the continued absence of revenue, earnings, and cash flows associated with 737 MAX deliveries would continue to have the most material impact on our operating results. In the event that future production rate increases occur at a slower rate or take longer than we are currently assuming we expect that the growth in inventory and other cash flow impacts associated with production would decrease. However, while any prolonged production suspension or delays in planned production rate increases could mitigate the impact on our liquidity it could significantly increase the overall expected costs to produce aircraft included in the accounting quantity, which would reduce 737 program margins and/or increase abnormal production costs in the future. 
During the third quarter of 2019, we detected cracks in the "pickle forks," a component of the structure connecting the wings to the fuselages, of three 737-800NGs we were converting into freighters. We notified the FAA, which issued a directive requiring that 737NG airplanes with over 30,000 flight cycles be inspected for this condition by October 10, 2019, and that airplanes with over 22,600 flight cycles be inspected over the next 1,000 flight cycles. To date, all airplanes with over 30,000 flight cycles and approximately half of the airplanes with over 22,600 flights cycles have been inspected and this condition has been found on a small percentage of aircraft, and those aircraft will be repaired. A small percentage of airplanes with fewer than 22,600 flight cycles have also been inspected. We have estimated the number of aircraft that will have to be repaired in the future and provisioned for the estimated costs of completing the repairs. We recognized charges of $ 135 in 2019 for current and projected future aircraft repairs. However, we cannot estimate a range of reasonably possible losses, if any, in excess of amounts recognized due to the ongoing nature of the inspections and repairs and pending the completion of investigations into the cause of the condition.
