VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In April 2017, we exercised our option to buy NextLink for approximately   $0.5 billion , subject to certain adjustments, of which   $0.3 billion   was prepaid in the first quarter of 2017. The transaction closed in January 2018. The acquisition of NextLink was accounted for as an asset acquisition, as substantially all of the value related to the acquired spectrum. Upon closing, we recorded approximately $0.7 billion   of wireless licenses, $0.1 billion   of a deferred tax liability and   $0.1 billion   of other liabilities. The spectrum acquired as part of the transaction will be used for our 5G technology deployment . 
In August 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to purchase certain fiber-optic network assets in the Chicago market from   WideOpenWest, Inc. ( WOW! ) , a leading provider of communications services. The transaction closed in December 2017. In addition, the parties entered into a separate agreement pursuant to which WOW! will complete the build-out of the network assets in 2019. The total cash consideration for the transactions is approximately   $0.3 billion , of which   $0.2 billion   was received in December 2017. 
Additional information regarding these strategic transactions is included in the 2018  Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report.

BOEING CO report:
We provide assistance and support to facilitate efficient and safe aircraft operation to the operators of all our commercial airplane models. Collectively known as fleet support, these activities and support services include flight and maintenance training, field service support, engineering support, and 
technical data and documents. Fleet support activity begins prior to aircraft delivery as the customer receives training, manuals, and technical consulting support. This activity continues throughout the aircraft’s operational life. Services provided after delivery include field service support, consulting on maintenance, repair and operational issues brought forth by the customer or regulators, updating manuals and engineering data, and the issuance of service bulletins that impact the entire model’s fleet. Field service support involves our personnel located at customer facilities providing and coordinating fleet support activities and requests. The costs for fleet support are expensed as incurred as Cost of services. 
Research and development includes costs incurred for experimentation, design and testing, as well as bid and proposal efforts related to government products and services, which are expensed as incurred unless the costs are related to certain contractual arrangements with customers. Costs that are incurred pursuant to such contractual arrangements are recorded over the period that revenue is recognized, consistent with our long-term contract accounting policy. We have certain research and development arrangements that meet the requirement for best efforts research and development accounting. Accordingly, the amounts funded by the customer are recognized as an offset to our research and development expense rather than as contract revenues. Research and development expense included bid and proposal costs of $ 213 , $ 224 and $ 214 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, the Company's go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. In instances where the Company does not sell or price a product or service separately, the Company determines relative fair value using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As the Company’s go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP. 
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold or priced separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. 
If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, the Company uses a range of SSP. The Company determines the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. The Company typically has more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography.
