MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Annually we assess indefinite-life intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of these intangible assets. If significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. We determine estimated fair value using estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, we consider the asset impaired and reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair value. We amortize definite-life intangible assets over their estimated useful lives and evaluate them for impairment as we do other long-lived assets. 
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and our obligation for employee healthcare benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis by evaluating and making judgments about historical claims experience and other actuarial assumptions and the estimated impact on future results. 
We predominantly sell food and beverage products across several product categories and in all regions as disclosed in Note 18, Segment Reporting . We recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers, which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. A small percentage of our net revenues relates to the licensing of our intellectual property, predominantly brand and trade names, and we record these revenues when earned within the period of the license term. We account for product shipping, handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
organized as a master limited partnership will not be precluded in a future proceeding from arguing and providing evidentiary support that it is entitled to an income tax allowance and demonstrating that its recovery of an income tax allowance does not result in a double-recovery of investors’ income tax costs. On July 31, 2020, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued an opinion upholding the FERC’s decision denying a separate master limited partnership recovery of an income tax allowance and its decision not to require the master limited partnership to refund accumulated deferred income tax balances. In light of the rehearing order’s clarification regarding an individual entity’s ability to argue in support of recovery of an income tax allowance and the court’s subsequent opinion upholding denial of an income tax allowance to a master limited partnership, the impact of the FERC’s policy on the treatment of income taxes on the rates we can charge for FERC-regulated transportation services is unknown at this time. 
Even without application of the FERC’s recent rate making-related policy statements and rulemakings, the FERC or our shippers may challenge the cost-of-service rates we charge. The FERC’s establishment of a just and reasonable rate is based on many components, including ROE and tax-related components, but also other pipeline costs that will continue to affect FERC’s determination of just and reasonable cost of service rates. Moreover, we receive revenues from our pipelines based on a variety of rate structures, including cost-of-service rates, negotiated rates, discounted rates and market-based rates. Many of our interstate pipelines, such as ETC Tiger, Midcontinent Express and Fayetteville Express, have negotiated market rates that were agreed to by customers in connection with long-term contracts entered into to support the construction of the pipelines. Other systems, such as FGT, Transwestern and Panhandle, have a mix of tariff rate, discount rate, and negotiated rate agreements. The revenues we receive from natural gas transportation services we provide pursuant to cost-of-service based rates may decrease in the future as a result of changes to FERC policies, combined with the reduced corporate federal income tax rate established in the Tax Act. The extent of any revenue reduction related to our cost-of-service rates, if any, will depend on a detailed review of all of our cost-of-service components and the outcomes of any challenges to our rates by the FERC or our shippers. 
On July 18, 2018, the FERC issued a final rule establishing procedures to evaluate rates charged by the FERC-jurisdictional gas pipelines in light of the Tax Act and the FERC’s Revised Policy Statement. By the Order issued January 16, 2019, the FERC initiated a review of Panhandle’s existing rates pursuant to Section 5 of the NGA to determine whether the rates currently charged by Panhandle are just and reasonable and set the matter for hearing. On August 30, 2019, Panhandle filed a general rate proceeding under Section 4 of the NGA. The Natural Gas Act Section 5 and Section 4 proceedings were consolidated by order of the Chief Judge on October 1, 2019. A hearing in the combined proceedings commenced on August 25, 2020 and adjourned on September 15, 2020. The initial decision by the administrative law judge was issued on March 26, 2021. On April 26, 2021, Panhandle filed its brief on exceptions to the initial decision. On May 17, 2021, Panhandle filed its brief opposing exceptions in this proceeding. This matter remains pending before the FERC.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company is party to various lawsuits and claims in the ordinary course of business. However, a determination as to the amount of the accrual required for such contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty and the impact of the final resolution of these matters on the Company's results of operations in a particular subsequent reporting period is not known, management does not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, future results of operations or liquidity. 
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. This section provides additional information regarding our businesses, current developments, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, contractual commitments and critical accounting policies. 
We are a global media company that provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including pay-TV, free to air ("FTA") and broadcast television, authenticated applications, digital distribution arrangements and content licensing agreements. Our portfolio of networks includes prominent television brands such as Discovery Channel, our most widely distributed global brand, TLC, Animal Planet, Food Network, HGTV, ID, MotorTrend (previously known as Velocity and known as Turbo outside of the U.S.) and Eurosport, a leading sports entertainment pay-TV programmer across Europe and Asia. We operate production studios, and prior to the sale of our Education Business on April 30, 2018, we sold curriculum-based education products and services (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
