ALLSTATE CORP report:
Asset replication refers to the “synthetic” creation of assets through the use of derivatives. The Company replicates fixed income securities using a combination of a credit default swap, index total return swap, options, or a foreign currency forward contract and one or more highly rated fixed income securities, primarily investment grade host bonds, to synthetically replicate the economic characteristics of one or more cash market securities. The Company replicates equity securities using futures, index total return swaps, and options to increase equity exposure. 
Property-Liability may use interest rate swaps, swaptions, futures and options to manage the interest rate risks of existing investments. These instruments are utilized to change the duration of the portfolio in order to offset the economic effect that interest rates would otherwise have on the fair value of its fixed income securities. Fixed income index total return swaps are used to offset valuation losses in the fixed income portfolio during periods of declining market values. Credit default swaps are typically used to mitigate the credit risk within the Property-Liability fixed income portfolio. Equity index total return swaps, futures and options are used by Property-Liability to offset valuation losses in the equity portfolio during periods of declining equity market values. In addition, equity futures are used to hedge the market risk related to deferred compensation liability contracts. Forward contracts are primarily used by Property-Liability to hedge foreign currency risk associated with holding foreign currency denominated investments and foreign operations. 
The Company also has derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are required to be separated from the host contracts and accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value of embedded derivatives reported in net income.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our 
professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. The timing of these expenses is expected to affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in the near term. 
For fiscal 2023, the increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase of approximately $547 million in employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Our research and development headcount increased by three percent since fiscal 2022 in order to improve and extend our service offerings, develop new technologies and integrate acquired companies. Fiscal 2023 research and development expenses, as a percentage of revenues, decreased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to our hiring pause that began in the second half of fiscal 2023 as well as our January 2023 restructuring plan.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
( 759 ) ( 940 ) Device payment plan agreement receivables, net $ 20,186   $ 16,566   Classified in our consolidated balance sheets: Accounts receivable, net $ 12,783   $ 11,601   Other assets 7,403   4,965   Device payment plan agreement receivables, net $ 20,186   $ 16,566   
Included in our device payment plan agreement receivables, net at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, are net device payment plan agreement receivables of $ 16.0 billion and $ 12.1 billion, respectively, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 7 for additional information. We believe the carrying value of these receivables approximate their fair value using a Level 3 expected cash flow model. 
For indirect channel wireless contracts with customers, we impute risk adjusted interest on the device payment plan agreement receivables. We record the imputed interest as a reduction to the related accounts receivable. Interest income, which is included within Service revenues and other in our consolidated statements of income, is recognized over the financed device payment term.
