BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. As of December 31, 2019 , Bunge had tax liabilities of $53 million , including interest and penalties. At this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. See Note 14 - Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements. 
The Company's accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 - Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. The Company believes that the following discussion addresses the Company's most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
Our RMI, forward RMI purchase and sale contracts, and exchange traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. RMI are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. We estimate fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for differences in local markets. Certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. The significant unobservable inputs for RMI and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimations regarding costs of transportation and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight related adjustments in the interior of Brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in Canada. In both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums and discounts in our contracts. Changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of Cost of goods sold. If we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and Cost of goods sold could differ. Additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as inventories, unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and Cost of goods sold could differ.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our exposure to liability for asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims losses manifests differently depending on whether it arises from assumed reinsurance coverage, direct excess commercial insurance or direct primary commercial insurance. 
Direct excess commercial insurance and reinsurance involve coverage written by us for specific layers of protection above retentions and other insurance plans and largely has resulted in asbestos, environmental and mass tort claims. The nature of excess coverage and reinsurance provided to other insurers limits our exposure to loss to specific layers of protection in excess of policyholder retention on their primary insurance plans. Our exposure is further limited by the significant reinsurance that we had purchased on our direct excess business. 
Our assumed reinsurance business involved writing generally small participations in other insurers’ reinsurance programs. The reinsured losses in which we participate may be a proportion of all eligible losses or eligible losses in excess of defined retentions. Of the majority of our assumed reinsurance exposure, approximately 85%, is for excess of loss coverage, while the remaining 15% is for pro-rata coverage.

BOEING CO report:
We also agreed to indemnify ULA for up to $ 261 in the event ULA was unable to obtain sufficient additional contract pricing from the USAF for certain satellite missions. In the fourth quarter of 2018, ULA and the USAF entered into a settlement agreement which resulted in the USAF making a payment of $ 240 to ULA. 
Potential payments for Other Delta contracts include $ 85 related to deferred support costs and $ 91 related to deferred production costs. In June 2011, the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) notified ULA that it had determined that $ 271 of deferred support costs are not recoverable under government contracts. In December 2011, the DCMA notified ULA of the potential non-recoverability of an additional $ 114 of deferred production costs. ULA and Boeing believe that all costs are recoverable and in November 2011, ULA filed a certified claim with the USAF for collection of deferred support and production costs. The USAF issued a final decision denying ULA’s certified claim in May 2012. In 2012, Boeing and ULA, through its subsidiary United Launch Services, filed a suit in the Court of Federal Claims seeking recovery of the deferred support and production costs from the U.S. government, which subsequently asserted a counterclaim for credits that it alleges were offset by deferred support cost invoices. We believe that the U.S. government’s counterclaim is without merit. The discovery phase of the litigation completed in 2017. Boeing filed a motion on November 17, 2017, asking the court to award full recovery without a trial. The court denied Boeing’s motion on August 29, 2018. The court has entered the parties’ proposed pre-trial schedule providing for a final pre-trial conference on or before October 17, 2019. If, contrary to our belief, it is determined that some or all of the deferred support or production costs are not recoverable, we could be required to record pre-tax losses and make indemnification payments to ULA for up to $ 317 of the costs questioned by the DCMA. 
Other Indemnifications In conjunction with our sales of Electron Dynamic Devices, Inc. and Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power businesses and our BCA facilities in Wichita, Kansas and Tulsa and McAlester, Oklahoma, we agreed to indemnify, for an indefinite period, the buyers for costs relating to pre-closing environmental conditions and certain other items. We are unable to assess the potential number of future claims that may be asserted under these indemnifications, nor the amounts thereof (if any). As a result, we cannot estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnities and therefore, no liability has been recorded. To the extent that claims have been made under these indemnities and/or are probable and reasonably estimable, liabilities associated with these indemnities are included in the environmental liability disclosure in Note 14 .
