BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Competition —Competition is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capability, cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, product innovation, technical support, composition and nutritional value, and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised, well-known, branded products, as well as private label and customized products. Our principal competitors in the Refined and Specialty Oils segment include, but are not limited to: ADM, AAK AB, Cargill, Fuji Oil Co. Ltd. and Wilmar, as well as local competitors in each region. 
Overview —We primarily sell our milling products to three customer types or market channels: food processors, food service companies, and retail outlets. The principal raw materials used in our milling businesses are wheat, corn, and other agricultural commodities sourced from our Agribusiness segment or directly from third parties. Similar to our refined and specialty oils business, we realize synergies among our other segments in areas such as raw material procurement, logistics, risk management and the co-location of industrial facilities, enabling us to supply customers with reliable, high quality products on a global basis. As many of the products we sell in our Milling segment are staple foods or ingredients, these businesses generally benefit from macro population and income growth rates. Additionally, our Milling segment is focused on capitalizing on growing global consumer food trends, including a desire for less processed, healthier foods, interest in new flavors, and increases in snacking and eating outside the home. 
Products —Our Milling segment activities include the production and sale of a variety of wheat flours and bakery mixes in Brazil, as well as corn-based products derived from both the dry and wet corn milling processes in the United States and Mexico. During 2021, we announced the sale of our wheat milling business in Mexico, which closed during the third quarter of 2022.

BOEING CO report:
We record a liability for postemployment benefits, such as severance or job training, when payment is probable, the amount is reasonably estimable, and the obligation relates to rights that have vested or accumulated. 
We are subject to federal and state requirements for protection of the environment, including those for discharge of hazardous materials and remediation of contaminated sites. We routinely assess, based on in-depth studies, expert analyses and legal reviews, our contingencies, obligations, and commitments for remediation of contaminated sites, including assessments of ranges and probabilities of recoveries from other responsible parties and/or insurance carriers. Our policy is to accrue and charge to current expense identified exposures related to environmental remediation sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The amount of the liability is based on our best estimate or the low end of a range of reasonably possible exposure for investigation, cleanup, and monitoring costs to be incurred. Estimated remediation costs are not discounted to present value as the timing of payments cannot be reasonably estimated. We may be able to recover a portion of the remediation costs from insurers or other third parties. Such recoveries are recorded when realization of the claim for recovery is deemed probable. 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid instruments, such as commercial paper, time deposits, and other money market instruments, which have original maturities of three months or less. We aggregate our cash balances by bank where conditions for right of set-off are met, and reclassify any negative balances, consisting mainly of uncleared checks, to Accounts payable. Negative balances reclassified to Accounts payable were $ 74 and $ 101 at December 31, 2020 and 2019.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Changes in our growth assumptions, including the risk of loss of key customers, or adverse changes in the discount rates could result in a decline in fair value and result in a goodwill impairment charge. 
Reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense estimation Reserves are established to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims and claims expenses under insurance policies we have issued. Underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense reserves. These reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including IBNR, as of the financial statement date. 
settle claims, less losses that have been paid. The significant lines of business are auto, homeowners, and other personal lines for Allstate Protection, and asbestos, environmental, and other discontinued lines for Discontinued Lines and Coverages. Allstate Protection’s claims are typically reported promptly with relatively little reporting lag between the date of occurrence and the date the loss is reported. Auto and homeowners liability losses generally take an average of about two years to settle, while auto physical damage, homeowners property and other personal lines have an average settlement time of less than one year. Discontinued Lines and Coverages involve long-tail losses, such as those related to asbestos and environmental claims, which often involve substantial reporting lags and extended times to settle.
