ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Fort Mifflin. The Fort Mifflin terminal complex is located on the Delaware River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and includes the Fort Mifflin terminal, the Hog Island wharf, the Darby Creek tank farm and connecting pipelines. Revenues are generated from the Fort Mifflin terminal complex by charging fees based on throughput. 
 The Fort Mifflin terminal contains two ship docks with freshwater drafts and a total storage capacity of approximately 570 MBbls . Crude oil and some refined products enter the Fort Mifflin terminal primarily from marine vessels on the Delaware River. One Fort Mifflin dock is designed to handle crude oil from very large crude carrier-class tankers and smaller crude oil vessels. The other dock can accommodate only smaller crude oil vessels. 
The Hog Island wharf is located next to the Fort Mifflin terminal on the Delaware River and receives crude oil via two ship docks, one of which can accommodate crude oil tankers and smaller crude oil vessels, and the other of which can accommodate some smaller crude oil vessels.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2023, options to purchase 12 million shares were vested at a weighted-average exercise price of $ 149.40 per share and had a weighted-average remaining contractual life of approximately 3.33 years. The total intrinsic value of these vested options based on the market value of the stock as of January 31, 2023 was approximately $ 1.8 billion. 
   Options Outstanding Options Exercisable Range of Exercise Prices Number Outstanding (in millions) Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) Weighted- Average Exercise Price Number of Shares (in millions) Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
Restricted stock activity for fiscal 2023 was as follows:

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• We implemented enhanced protocols to provide a safe and sanitary working environment for our employees. In many locations, our employees are working remotely whenever possible. For employees who were unable to work remotely, we adopted a number of heightened protocols, consistent with those prescribed by the World Health Organization, related to social distancing (including staggering lunchtimes and shifts where possible and restricting in-person gatherings and non-essential travel) and enhanced hygiene and workplace sanitation. We have worked with governments and healthcare providers to help provide access to vaccines for our frontline and office employees when and where possible at a local level. At a local level, we have also provided additional flexibility and support to employees in our manufacturing facilities, distribution and logistics operations and sales organization. As more employees who have been working remotely return to shared workplaces, we have enhanced safety protocols we will follow while also encouraging continued flexible and virtual work arrangements wherever possible. 
• We have hired frontline employees in the U.S. and other locations to meet additional marketplace demand and promote uninterrupted functioning of our manufacturing, distribution and sales network. Labor markets, particularly in the U.S., U.K. as well as in other countries, have significantly tightened. We recognize the demand for talent and continue to actively work to safeguard, engage, attract and retain our employees. 
• Since the start of the pandemic, we have donated over $30 million to assist those impacted by COVID-19 and to support local and global organizations responding to food instability and providing emergency relief.
