SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The acquisition of BlueJeans was accounted for as a business combination. The consideration was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values as of the close of the acquisition. We recorded approximately $ 246 million of goodwill and $ 190 million of other intangible assets, which primarily consisted of customer lists and internally developed technology. Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred and the fair value of the net assets acquired. The goodwill represents future economic benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition. The goodwill related to this acquisition is included within the Business segment. 
On May 2, 2021, Verizon entered into a definitive agreement with an affiliate of Apollo Global Management Inc. (the Apollo Affiliate) pursuant to which we agreed to sell Verizon Media in return for consideration of $ 4.3 billion in cash, subject to customary adjustments, $ 750 million in non-convertible preferred limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate and 10 % of the fully-diluted common limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate. 
On September 1, 2021, we completed the sale of Verizon Media. As of the close of the transaction, cash proceeds, the fair value of the non-convertible preferred limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate and the fair value of 10 % of the fully-diluted common limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate were $ 4.3 billion, $ 496 million, and $ 124 million, respectively. We recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of approximately $ 1.0 billion (after-tax $ 1.0 billion) in Selling general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, we incurred $ 346 million of various costs associated with this disposition which are primarily recorded in Selling general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Historical catastrophe experience For the last ten years, the average annual impact of catastrophes on our loss ratio was 8.3 points, but it has varied from 4.5 points to 14.7 points. The average annual impact of catastrophes on the homeowners loss ratio for the last ten years was 26.8 points. Over time, we have limited our aggregate insurance exposure to catastrophe losses in certain regions of the country that are subject to high levels of natural catastrophes by our participation in various state facilities. For further discussion of these facilities , see Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements. However, the impact of these actions may be diminished by the growth in insured values, and the effect of state insurance laws and regulations. In addition, in various states we are required to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and joint underwriting associations that provide insurance coverage to individuals or entities that otherwise are unable to purchase such coverage from private insurers. Because of our participation in these and other state facilities such as wind pools, we may be exposed to losses that surpass the capitalization of these facilities and to assessments from these facilities. 
Write homeowners coverage through our excess and surplus lines carrier, North Light Specialty Insurance Company (“North Light”), which includes earthquake coverage (other than fire following earthquakes) that is currently ceded via quota share reinsurance. 
Starting in the second quarter of 2017, we began writing a limited number of homeowners policies in select areas of Florida and continue to support existing customers who replace their currently-insured home with an acceptable property. Encompass withdrew from property lines in Florida in 2009.
