ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We inject and hold natural gas in our Bammel storage facility to take advantage of contango markets, when the price of natural gas is higher in the future than the current spot price. We use financial derivatives to hedge the natural gas held in connection with these arbitrage opportunities. At the inception of the hedge, we lock in a margin by purchasing gas in the spot market or off peak season and entering a financial contract to lock in the sale price. If we designate the related financial contract as a fair value hedge for accounting purposes, we value the hedged natural gas inventory at current spot market prices along with the financial derivative we use to hedge it. Changes in the spread between the forward natural gas prices designated as fair value hedges and the physical inventory spot prices result in unrealized gains or losses until the underlying physical gas is withdrawn and the related designated 
derivatives are settled. Once the gas is withdrawn and the designated derivatives are settled, the previously unrealized gains or losses associated with these positions are realized. Unrealized margins represent the unrealized gains or losses from our derivative instruments using mark-to-market accounting, with changes in the fair value of our derivatives being recorded directly in earnings. These margins fluctuate based upon changes in the spreads between the physical spot prices and forward natural gas prices. If the spread narrows between the physical and financial prices, we will record unrealized gains or lower unrealized losses. If the spread widens, we will record unrealized losses or lower unrealized gains. Typically, as we enter the winter months, the spread converges so that we recognize in earnings the original locked in spread, either through mark-to-market or the physical withdrawal of natural gas. 
NGL storage and pipeline transportation revenues are recognized when services are performed or products are delivered, respectively. Fractionation and processing revenues are recognized when product is either loaded into a truck or injected into a third-party pipeline, which is when title and risk of loss pass to the customer.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Similar to U.S. Networks, a significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to fees charged to operators who distribute our linear networks. Such operators primarily include cable and DTH satellite service providers. International television markets vary in their stages of development. Some markets, such as the U.K., are more advanced digital television markets, while others remain in the analog environment with varying degrees of investment from operators to expand channel capacity or convert to digital technologies. Common practice in some markets results in long-term contractual distribution relationships, while customers in other markets renew contracts annually. Distribution revenue for our International Networks segment is largely dependent on the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, the rates negotiated in the distributor agreements, and the market demand for the content that we provide. International Networks additionally generates revenues through DTC subscription services. 
The other significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to advertising sold on our television networks and across distribution platforms, similar to U.S. Networks. Advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the development of pay and FTA television markets, the number of subscribers to and viewers of our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our programming, and our ability to sell commercial time over a portfolio of channels on multiple platforms. In certain markets, our advertising sales business operates with in-house sales teams, while we rely on external sales representation services in other markets. Outside the U.S., advertisers typically buy advertising closer to the time when the commercials will be run. In developing pay-TV markets, we expect advertising revenue growth will result from subscriber growth, our localization strategy, and the shift of advertising spending from broadcast to pay-TV. In mature markets, such as Western Europe, high proportions of market penetration and distribution are unlikely to drive rapid revenue growth. Instead, growth in advertising sales comes from increasing viewership and pricing and launching new services, either in pay-TV, broadcast, or FTA television environments. 
During 2020, advertising, distribution and other revenues were 42%, 54% and 3%, respectively, of total net revenues for this segment. While we have traditionally operated cable networks, in recent years an increasing portion of our international advertising revenue is generated by FTA or broadcast networks, unlike U.S. Networks. During 2020, pay-TV networks generated 33% of International Networks' advertising revenue and FTA or broadcast networks generated 67% of International Networks' advertising revenue. We also have increased efforts to drive revenue growth from digital products such as the dplay DTC entertainment service in select international markets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Annually we assess indefinite-life intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of these intangible assets. If significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. We determine estimated fair value using estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, we consider the asset impaired and reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair value. We amortize definite-life intangible assets over their estimated useful lives and evaluate them for impairment as we do other long-lived assets. 
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and our obligation for employee healthcare benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis by evaluating and making judgments about historical claims experience and other actuarial assumptions and the estimated impact on future results. 
We predominantly sell food and beverage products across several product categories and in all regions as disclosed in Note 18, Segment Reporting . We recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers, which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. A small percentage of our net revenues relates to the licensing of our intellectual property, predominantly brand and trade names, and we record these revenues when earned within the period of the license term. We account for product shipping, handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.
