SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company has operations and taxable presence in multiple jurisdictions in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions around the world. The Company currently considers U.S. federal, Japan, Australia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Ireland and Israel to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal tax returns since fiscal 2008 remain open to examination. With some exceptions, tax years prior to fiscal 2017 in jurisdictions outside of U.S. are generally closed. 
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that an inconsequential decrease of its unrecognized tax benefits may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse, ongoing examinations are completed, or tax positions meet the conditions of being effectively settled. 
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method.

BOEING CO report:
During 2020, 2019 and 2018, we granted Performance Awards to our executives, which are cash units that pay out based on the achievement of long-term financial goals at the end of a three-year period. Each unit has an initial value of $ 100 dollars. The amount payable at the end of the three -year performance period may be anywhere from $ 0 to $ 200 dollars per unit for the 2019 and 2018 Performance Awards and $ 0 to $ 150 dollars for 2020 Performance Awards, depending on the Company’s performance against plan for a three-year period. The Compensation Committee has the discretion to pay these awards in cash, stock, or a combination of both after the three-year performance period. Compensation expense, based on the estimated performance payout, is recognized ratably over the performance period. 
The Company has deferred compensation plans which permit certain employees to defer a portion of their salary, bonus, certain other incentive awards, and retirement contributions. Participants can diversify these amounts among 23 investment funds including a Boeing stock unit account. 
Total expense related to deferred compensation was $ 93 , $ 174 and $ 19 in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the deferred compensation liability which is being marked to market was $ 1,718 and $ 1,779 .

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Demand for our purchased and processed Agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products. 
We expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our Agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. We also expect that, from time to time, imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions, which impacts our decisions regarding whether, when and where to purchase, store, transport, process or sell these commodities, including whether to change the location of or adjust our own oilseed processing capacity. 
Additionally, price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital, such as inventories, accounts receivable and borrowings over the course of a given year. For example, increased availability of commodities at harvest times often causes fluctuations in our inventories and borrowings. Increases in agricultural commodity prices will also generally cause our cash flow requirements to increase as our operations require increased use of cash to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to hedge our physical inventories.
