ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
TRADE RECEIVABLE VALUATIONS — Accounts receivable are stated at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the accounts receivable. Abbott considers various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for doubtful accounts, including the aging of the accounts and aging trends, the historical level of charge-offs, and specific exposures related to particular customers. Abbott also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country risk, when determining credit limits for customers and establishing adequate allowances. Accounts receivable are charged off after all reasonable means to collect the full amount (including litigation, where appropriate) have been exhausted.
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT — Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The following table shows estimated useful lives of property and equipment:
PRODUCT LIABILITY — Abbott accrues for product liability claims when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on existing information. The liabilities are adjusted quarterly as additional information becomes available. Product liability losses are self-insured.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our European revenue, operating expenses and significant balance sheet accounts denominated in currencies other than the USD primarily flow through our United Kingdom ("UK") subsidiary, which has a functional currency of the British Pound Sterling. This results in a two-step currency exchange process wherein the currencies in Europe other than the British Pound Sterling are first remeasured into the British Pound Sterling and then the British Pound Sterling is translated into USD for our Consolidated Financial Statements. As an example, costs incurred in France are remeasured from the Euro to the British Pound Sterling and then translated into the USD. Our statements of operations and balance sheet accounts are also impacted by the re-measurement of non-functional currency transactions such as USD denominated intercompany loans, cash accounts held by our overseas subsidiaries, accounts receivable denominated in foreign currencies and unearned revenue and accounts payable denominated in foreign currencies. 
In fiscal 2020, we began transitioning away from this UK-centralized European structure to enable some of our local subsidiaries within Europe, including Germany and France, to invoice customers directly. This transition, which may take multiple years, would thereby enable the local subsidiaries to recognize revenues, operating expenses and corresponding balance sheet accounts in local currencies. With the change to local invoicing in some markets, we expect better alignment between our revenue and expenses in the local currency. 
In January 2020, the UK exited the European Union (“EU”) (“Brexit”) and entered a transition period expected to last until the end of calendar 2020 during which the UK will continue to be subject to EU rules and regulations while it negotiates the future terms of its relationship with the EU. Brexit, and the outcome of these ongoing negotiations, could adversely affect the UK, regional (including European) and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the British Pound Sterling and Euro. We have evaluated and started to implement initiatives, such as the commitment to invest resources in Dublin, Ireland that could partially mitigate the impact Brexit could have on our operations. In fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 total revenues generated in Europe were approximately 20 percent, 19 percent and 18 percent of total revenues, respectively, of which substantially all were recorded in our UK subsidiary. Revenues in Europe were negatively impacted by approximately $79 million in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 as a result of the strengthening British Pound Sterling. We recognize that there are still significant uncertainties surrounding the ultimate resolution of Brexit negotiations, and we will continue to monitor any changes that may arise and assess their potential impact on our business.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• a decrease in operating costs of $76 million, primarily as a result of the conversion of 207 retail sites to commission agent sites during April 2018. These expenses include other operating expense, general and administrative expense and lease expense; and 
• a decrease in the gross profit on motor fuel sales of $76 million (excluding the change in inventory fair value adjustments and unrealized gains and losses on commodity risk management activities) primarily due to lower fuel margins, a one-time benefit of approximately $25 million related to a cash settlement with a fuel supplier recorded in 2018 and an $8 million one-time charge related to a reserve for an open contractual dispute recorded in 2019, partially offset by an increase in gallons sold. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2019 2018 Change Revenues $ 698 $ 508 $ 190 Cost of products sold 91 67 24 Segment margin 607 441 166 Operating expenses, excluding non-cash compensation expense
