MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity, forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivatives. 
(4) Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information on the January 3, 2022 acquisition of Chipita, April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food, March 25, 2021 acquisition of a majority interest in Grenade, January 4, 2021 acquisition of the remaining 93% of equity in Hu and April 1, 2020 acquisition of a significant majority interest in Give & Go. 
(6) Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which requires lessees to recognize almost all of their leases on the balance sheet by recording a right-of-use asset and lease liability. The guidance also requires improved disclosures to help users of the financial statements better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The Company adopted ASU 2016-02 effective January 1, 2019 and elected to apply the guidance at the effective date without recasting the comparative periods presented. Additionally, the Company elected to apply practical expedients allowing it to not reassess: 1) whether any expired or existing contracts previously assessed as not containing leases are, or contain, leases; 2) the lease classification for any expired or existing leases; and 3) initial direct costs for any existing leases. The Company also elected to not separate lease components from non-lease components across all lease categories. Instead, each separate lease component and non-lease component are accounted for as a single lease component. The Company did not elect to apply the practical expedient to use hindsight in determining the lease term and in assessing the right-of-use assets for impairment. Additionally, the Company did not elect to apply the short-term lease scope exemption. 
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("Topic 606"), which updates numerous requirements in U.S. GAAP, eliminates industry-specific guidance, and provides companies with a single model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of Topic 606 is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also addresses the accounting for costs incurred as part of obtaining or fulfilling a contract with a customer by adding ASC Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs: Contracts with Customers, and requiring that costs of obtaining a contract be recognized as an asset and amortized as goods and services are transferred to the customer, as long as the costs are expected to be recovered. 
On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted Topic 606 using the modified retrospective method applied to contracts not completed as of January 1, 2018. Revenues do not include taxes collected from customers on behalf of taxing authorities such as sales tax and value-added tax. However, certain revenues include taxes that customers pay to taxing authorities on the Company’s behalf, such as foreign withholding tax.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our use of DCF for the limited purposes described above and in this report is not a substitute for net cash flows provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable GAAP measure. For a discussion of net cash flows provided by operating activities, see “Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities” within this Part II, Item 7. 
                          (1) For a discussion of significant changes in our comparative income statement amounts underlying net income attributable to limited partners, along with the primary drivers of such changes, see “Income Statement Highlights” within this Part II, Item 7. 
(4) For information regarding these gains, see “Interest Rate Hedging Activities” under Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
