BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our RMI, forward RMI purchase and sale contracts, and exchange traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. RMI are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. We estimate fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on commodity futures exchange quotations, broker or dealer quotations, or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter ("O TC") markets with appropriate adjustments for differences in local markets where our inventories are located. Certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. The significant unobservable inputs for RMI and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimations regarding costs of transportation and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight related adjustments in the interior of Brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in Canada. In both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums, and discounts in our contracts. Changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of Cost of goods sold. If we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as Inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and Cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income, respectively, could differ. Additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as Inventories, Unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and Cost of goods sold could differ. 
Trade Accounts Receivable —Trade accounts receivable is stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. We establish allowances for uncollectible trade accounts receivable based on lifetime expected credit losses utilizing an aging schedule for each pool of trade accounts receivable. Pools are determined based on risk characteristics such as the type of customer and geography. A default rate is derived using a provision matrix with data based on Bunge's historical receivables information. The default rate is then applied to the pool to determine the allowance for expected credit losses. Given the short term nature of our trade accounts receivable, the default rate is only adjusted if significant changes in the credit profile of the portfolio are identified (e.g., poor crop years, credit issues at the country level, systematic risk), resulting in historic loss rates that are not representative of forecasted losses. Uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount that is less than the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection of the balance is unlikely. 
Specifically, in establishing appropriate default rates as of December 31, 2020, we took into consideration expected impacts on our customers and other debtors in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors, which did not result in a material impact on our financial statements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue Recognition - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations. We enter into contracts with our customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, we have generally concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct. 
We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The SSP is the price at which we would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We determine SSP by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and volume of our transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, our go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. In instances where we do not sell or price a product or service separately, we determine the estimated standalone selling price using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Similar restrictions have been implemented in many other countries in which we operate. As described below, these restrictions and our responses to them have significantly impacted how our customers use our products and services, how they interact with us, and how our employees work and provide services to our customers. In addition, governments have imposed a wide variety of consumer protection measures that limit how certain businesses, including telecommunications companies, can operate their businesses and interact with their customers. The pandemic and governmental responses to the pandemic have also resulted in a slowdown of global economic activity, which has significantly impacted our customers. As a result, prior trends in our business may not be applicable to our operations during the pendency of the pandemic. 
The impact of COVID-19 in the future will depend on the duration and severity of the pandemic and the related public policy actions, additional initiatives we may undertake in response to employee, market or regulatory needs or demands, the length and severity of the global economic slowdown, and whether and how our customers change their behaviors over the longer term. 
In response to the pandemic beginning in the first quarter 2020, we began executing our business continuity plans and evolving our operations to protect the safety of our employees and customers and to continue to provide critical infrastructure and connectivity to our customers as they changed their ways of working and living. Some of the initiatives we took include:
