MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Level 3 – includes investments valued using unobservable inputs that reflect the plans’ assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets, based on the best information available. 
Fair value estimates for pooled funds are calculated by the investment advisor when reliable quotations or pricing services are not readily available for certain underlying securities. The estimated value is based on either cost or last sale price for most of the securities valued in this fashion. 
Fair value estimates for private equity investments are calculated by the general partners using the market approach to estimate the fair value of private investments. The market approach utilizes prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions, type of security, degree of liquidity, restrictions on the disposition, latest round of financing data, company financial statements, relevant valuation multiples and discounted cash flow analyses.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The value we assign to customer relationships is amortized to earnings using methods that closely resemble the pattern in which the estimated economic benefits will be consumed (i.e., the manner in which the intangible asset is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows). For example, the amortization period for a basin-specific customer relationship asset is limited by the estimated finite economic life of the associated hydrocarbon resource basin.
Contract-based intangible assets represent specific commercial rights we own arising from discrete contractual agreements. A contract-based intangible asset with a finite life is amortized over its estimated economic life, which is the period over which the contract is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows. Our estimates of the economic life of contract-based intangible assets are based on a number of factors, including (i) the expected useful life of the related tangible assets (e.g., a marine terminal, pipeline or other asset), (ii) any legal or regulatory developments that would impact such contractual rights and (iii) any contractual provisions that enable us to renew or extend such arrangements.
If our assumptions regarding the estimated economic life of an intangible asset were to change, then the amortization period for such asset would be adjusted accordingly. Changes in the estimated useful life of an intangible asset would impact operating costs and expenses prospectively from the date of change.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. Operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets are included in "Other noncurrent assets" and operating lease liabilities are included in “Accrued liabilities” and “Other noncurrent liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease ROU assets are included in "Property and equipment, net" and finance lease liabilities are included in “Accrued liabilities” and “Other noncurrent liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheets. 
A rate implicit in the lease when readily determinable is used in arriving at the present value of lease payments. As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on information available at lease commencement date for most of its leases. The incremental borrowing rate is based on the Company's U.S. dollar denominated senior unsecured borrowing curves using public credit ratings adjusted down to a collateralized basis using a combination of recovery rate and credit notching approaches and translated into major contract currencies as applicable. 
The Company's lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise that option. The Company does not separate lease components from non-lease components across all lease categories. Instead, each separate lease component and non-lease component are accounted for as a single lease component. In addition, variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate are included in measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities at lease inception. All other variable lease payments are expensed as incurred and are not included in measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis. For finance leases, the Company recognizes interest expense on lease liabilities using the effective interest method and amortization of ROU assets on a straight-line basis.
