ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Management analyzes the adequacy of ending rebate accrual balances each quarter. In the domestic nutritional business, management uses both internal and external data available to estimate the accruals. In the WIC business, estimates are required for the amount of WIC sales within each state where Abbott holds the WIC contract. The state where the sale is made, which is the determining factor for the applicable rebated price, is reliably determinable. Rebated prices are based on contractually obligated agreements generally lasting a period of two to four years. Except for a change in contract price or a transition period before or after a change in the supplier for the WIC business in a state, accruals are based on historical redemption rates and data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the states submitting rebate claims. The USDA, which administers the WIC program, has been making its data available for many years. Management also estimates the states' processing lag time based on sales and claims data. Inventory in the retail distribution channel does not vary substantially. Management has access to several large customers' inventory management data, which allows management to make reliable estimates of inventory in the retail distribution channel. At December 31, 2018, Abbott had WIC business in 27 states. 
Historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income. Abbott employs various techniques to verify the accuracy of claims submitted to it, and where possible, works with the organizations submitting claims to gain insight into changes that might affect the rebate amounts. For government agency programs, the calculation of a rebate involves interpretations of relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change in interpretation. 
Income Taxes — Abbott operates in numerous countries where its income tax returns are subject to audits and adjustments. Because Abbott operates globally, the nature of the audit items is often very complex, and the objectives of the government auditors can result in a tax on the same income in more than one country. Abbott employs internal and external tax professionals to minimize audit adjustment amounts where possible. In accordance with the accounting rules relating to the measurement of tax contingencies, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must be more likely than not of sustaining the position, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. Application of these rules requires a significant amount of judgment. In the U.S., Abbott's federal income tax returns through 2016 are settled except for the federal income tax returns of the former Alere consolidated group which are settled through 2014 and the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group which are settled through 2013. Undistributed foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
(1)   Number of tanks and storage capacity excludes three tanks that are used in the operation of our Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline System and two tanks owned by Seaway. 
The EHT crude oil terminal is one of the largest such facilities on the Gulf Coast and part of our EHT complex, which is located on the Houston Ship Channel and features extensive waterfront access consisting of seven deep-water ship docks and a barge dock. As noted previously, the terminal can accommodate vessels with up to a 45-foot draft, including Suezmax tankers, which are the largest tankers that can navigate the Houston Ship Channel. 
The ECHO terminal is located in Houston, Texas and provides storage customers with access to major refineries located in the Houston, Texas City and Beaumont/Port Arthur areas. ECHO also has connections to marine terminals, including EHT, that provide access to any refinery on the U.S. Gulf Coast and international markets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue recognized over time as delivered includes professional services billed on a time and material basis, fixed fee professional services and training classes that are primarily billed, delivered and recognized within the same reporting period. 
Revenue recognized at a point in time substantially includes the portion of software subscriptions allocated to the on-premise software element, which either resulted in smaller unearned revenue or a contract asset. 
Topic 606 also introduced the concept of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations, referred to by the Company as remaining performance obligation, which is different than unbilled deferred revenue under previous accounting guidance. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms and foreign currency exchange rates. Unbilled portions of
