ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our ethylene system serves as an open market storage and trading hub for the ethylene industry by incorporating storage capacity, connections to multiple ethylene pipelines, and high-volume export capabilities. In support of our ethylene business, our Mont Belvieu storage operations include a high-capacity underground ethylene storage well having a storage capacity of 600 million pounds of ethylene. The storage well is connected to our Morgan’s Point ethylene export terminal and further to Bayport, Texas by a 27-mile pipeline.
In May 2019, we announced plans to further expand our ethylene pipeline and logistics system by constructing the Baymark ethylene pipeline in South Texas, which is a leading growth area for new ethylene crackers and related facilities. The Baymark pipeline will originate in Bayport and extend approximately 90 miles to Markham, Texas. The Baymark pipeline is supported by long-term customer commitments and is expected to begin service in mid-2021. We own a 70% consolidated interest in the Baymark pipeline through our majority owned subsidiary, Baymark Pipeline LLC. Customers using the Baymark pipeline will have pipeline access to our high-capacity ethylene storage well in Mont Belvieu and our export terminal at Morgan’s Point.
Our marine transportation business consists of 65 tow boats and 160 tank barges used to transport refined products, crude oil, asphalt, condensate, heavy fuel oil, LPG and other petroleum products on key U.S. inland and intracoastal waterway systems. The marine transportation industry uses tow boats as power sources and tank barges for freight capacity. Our marine transportation assets serve refinery and storage terminal customers along the Mississippi River, the intracoastal waterway between Texas and Florida, and the Tennessee-Tombigbee waterway system. We own and operate shipyard and repair facilities located in Houma and Morgan City, Louisiana and marine fleeting facilities located in Bourg, Louisiana and Channelview, Texas.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our aviation segment has benefited from growth in our fuel and related services offerings, as well as our enhanced logistics capabilities and the geographic expansion of our aviation fueling operations into additional international airport locations. As part of our growth strategy, we have also increased the level of inventory that we hold in order to meet the needs of our customers. While we generally enter into financial derivative contracts to mitigate price risk exposure associated with our inventory, depending on market pricing dynamics, we may experience negative impacts on our results, particularly in a market pricing environment experiencing severe backwardation, such as in the first half of 2022, where oil futures forward prices traded at significantly lower levels than the current market price. Our results of operations in our aviation segment have also been significantly affected in recent years by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the withdrawal of the troops from Afghanistan by the U.S. and NATO that concluded in the third quarter of 2021. However, the relaxation of global travel restrictions has contributed to a substantial recovery in global aviation volumes as compared to pre-pandemic levels. 
We believe our land segment is well-positioned to continue growing market share, both organically and through leveraging the capabilities of our acquisitions, including Flyers which we acquired in January 2022, serving to further enhance our business to deliver value-added solutions to our land fuel customers. See Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
We have also expanded our product and service offerings to include energy advisory services, sustainability solutions, as well as supply fulfillment for natural gas and power. We continue to focus on supporting the energy transition through various initiatives and expanding our sustainability offerings, including renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On February 13, 2019, we issued $ 600 million of 3.625 % U.S. dollar-denominated notes that are scheduled to mature February 13, 2026. We received $ 595 million of net proceeds that were used to repay outstanding commercial paper borrowings and other debt. We recorded approximately $ 5 million of discounts and deferred financing costs, which will be amortized into interest expense over the life of the notes. 
On July 18, 2018, £ 76 million (or $ 99 million ) of our 7.25 % pound sterling notes matured. The notes and accrued interest to date were paid with the issuance of commercial paper and cash on hand. 
 On May 7, 2018, we received net proceeds of $ 2.48 billion that were used to repay amounts outstanding under our revolving credit agreement facility and for other general corporate purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper borrowings and other debt. We recorded approximately $ 22 million of discounts and deferred financing costs net of various fees associated for the bond transaction and underwriter fee reimbursement, which will be amortized into interest expense over the life of the notes.
