WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As described in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s consolidated goodwill balance was $13.1 billion as of December 31, 2020, and the goodwill associated with the Europe reporting unit was $1.9 billion. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 or earlier if an event or other circumstance indicates that they may not recover the carrying value of the asset. Management concluded that the continued impacts of COVID-19 on the operating results of the Europe reporting unit represented a triggering event in the second quarter of 2020. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill recorded for that reporting unit. Management performed quantitative goodwill impairment analyses during the second and fourth quarters of 2020 for the Europe reporting unit using a discounted cash flow (“DCF”) model. Significant judgments and assumptions by management in the DCF model specific to the Europe reporting unit included the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, including revenue growth rates, long-term growth rates and discount rates. 
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill quantitative impairment assessments for the Europe reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurements of the reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s assumptions related to revenue growth rates, long-term growth rates, and discount rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s goodwill quantitative impairment assessments, including controls over the valuation of the Company’s reporting units. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for developing the fair value measurements of the Europe reporting unit, evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model, testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the model and evaluating the significant assumptions used by management related to revenue growth rates, long-term growth rates, and discount rates. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to revenue growth rates and long-term growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the discount rates and long-term growth rates.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Hobbs NGL fractionator serves NGL producers in West Texas, New Mexico, Colorado and Wyoming. This fractionator receives mixed NGLs from several major supply basins, including the Mid-Continent, Permian Basin, San Juan Basin and Rocky Mountains. The facility is located at the interconnect of our Mid-America Pipeline System and Seminole NGL Pipeline, thus providing customers access to the Conway hub and Chambers County, Texas.
 • The Norco NGL fractionator receives mixed NGLs from refineries and natural gas processing facilities located in southern Louisiana and along the Mississippi and Alabama Gulf Coast, including our Pascagoula and Venice facilities.
We also own and operate a 60 MBPD natural gasoline hydrotreater facility at our Chambers County complex along with related storage and pipeline infrastructure, which is designed to lower the sulfur content of natural gasoline.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is a defendant in a class action alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 for failing to provide seating to member service assistants who act as greeters in the Company’s California warehouses. Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.  ( Case No. 5:13-CV-03598, N.D. Cal. filed July 1, 2013).   The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. The action has been stayed pending review by the Ninth Circuit of the order certifying a class. In January 2019, an employee brought similar claims for relief concerning Costco employees engaged at member services counters in California.   Rodriguez v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. RG19001310, Alameda Superior Court filed Jan. 4, 2019). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In December 2018, a depot employee raised similar claims, alleging that depot employees in California did not receive suitable seating or appropriate workplace temperature conditions. Lane v. Costco Wholesale Corp.   (Dec. 6, 2018 Notice to California Labor and Workforce Development Agency). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. 
In January 2019, a former seasonal employee filed a class action, alleging failure to provide California seasonal employees meal and rest breaks, proper wage statements, and appropriate wages. Jadan v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-CV-340438 Santa Clara Superior Court filed Jan. 3, 2019). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. 
In March 2019, employees filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide meal periods and itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees.   Nevarez, et ano., v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.  (Case No. 2:19-cv-03454 C.D. Cal. Filed Mar. 25, 2019). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In May 2019, employees filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp . (Case No. 2:19-cv-01340 E.D. Cal. filed May 28, 2019). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. In June 2019, employees filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide meal and rest periods, itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Martinez v. Costco Wholesale Corp ., (Case No. 3:19-cv-05624 (N.D. Cal. filed June 11, 2019). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In August 2019, Rough filed a companion case in state court seeking penalties under the California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act. Rough v. Costco  (Case No. FCS053454, Sonoma County Superior Court, filed August 23, 2019). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. In September 2019, an employee re-filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay wages, to provide meal and rest periods and itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Mosley v. Costco Wholesale Corp.  (Case No. 2:19-cv-07935, C.D. Cal. filed Sept. 12, 2019). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees.
