MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. We have discussed the selection and disclosure of our critical accounting policies and estimates with our Audit Committee. The following is a review of our most significant assumptions and estimates. 
We test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on July 1. We assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill reporting units. We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as significant changes in the organization occur. Annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. In our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit’s estimated fair value with its carrying value. We estimate a reporting unit’s fair value using a discounted cash flow method which incorporates planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. This year, for our Europe and North America reporting units, we used a market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 5.9% to discount the projected cash flows of those operations. For our Latin America and AMEA reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 8.9% . Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans and industry and economic conditions, and our actual results and conditions may differ over time. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s net assets exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit fair value. 
In 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , there were no impairments of goodwill. In connection with our 2019 annual impairment testing, each of our reporting units had sufficient fair value in excess of carrying value. While all reporting units passed our annual impairment testing, if planned business performance expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then the estimated fair values of a reporting unit or reporting units might decline and lead to a goodwill impairment in the future.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Discovery and its majority-owned subsidiaries in which a controlling interest is maintained, including variable interest entities ("VIE") for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. For each non-wholly owned subsidiary, the Company evaluates its ownership and other interests to determine whether it should consolidate the entity or account for its ownership interest as an unconsolidated investment. As part of its evaluation, the Company makes judgments in determining whether the entity is a VIE and, if so, whether it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE and is thus required to consolidate the entity. (See Note 4.) If it is concluded that an entity is not a VIE, then the Company considers its proportional voting interests in the entity. The Company consolidates majority-owned subsidiaries in which a controlling financial interest is maintained. A controlling financial interest is determined by majority ownership and the absence of significant third-party participating rights. Ownership interests in entities for which the Company has significant influence that are not consolidated are accounted for as equity method investments. 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
Significant estimates and judgments inherent in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements include accounting for asset impairments, revenue recognition, estimated credit losses, content rights, leases, depreciation and amortization, business combinations, share-based compensation, income taxes, other financial instruments, contingencies, and the determination of whether the Company should consolidate certain entities.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
a $223 million impairment was recorded related to the goodwill associated with CDM. In January 2018, the Partnership announced the contribution of CDM to USAC. Based on the Partnership’s anticipated proceeds in the contribution transaction, the implied fair value of the CDM reporting unit was less than the Partnership’s carrying value. As the Partnership believes that the contribution consideration also represented an appropriate estimate of fair value as of the 2017 annual impairment test date, the Partnership recorded an impairment for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the reporting unit. 
a $262 million impairment was recorded related to the goodwill associated with the Partnership’s interstate transportation and storage reporting units, and a $229 million impairment was recorded related to the goodwill associated with the general partner of Panhandle in the all other segment. These impairments were due to a reduction in management’s forecasted future cash flows from the related reporting units, which reduction reflected the impacts discussed in “Results of Operations” above, along with the impacts of re-contracting assumptions related to future periods. 
a $79 million impairment was recorded related to the goodwill associated the Partnership’s refined products transportation and services reporting unit. Subsequent to the Sunoco Logistics Merger, the Partnership restructured the internal reporting of legacy Sunoco Logistics’ business to be consistent with the internal reporting of legacy ETO. Subsequent to this reallocation the carrying value of certain refined products reporting units was less than the estimated fair value due to a reduction in management’s forecasted future cash flows from the related reporting units, and the goodwill associated with those reporting units was fully impaired. No goodwill remained in the respective reporting units subsequent to the impairment.
