MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We use a combination of primarily currency forward contracts, futures, options and swaps; commodity forward contracts, futures and options; and interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the value of our debt. See Note 9, Financial Instruments , for more information on the types of derivative instruments we use. 
We record derivative financial instruments on a gross basis and at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets within other current assets or other current liabilities due to their relatively short-term duration. Cash flows from derivative instruments are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows based on the nature of the derivative instrument. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a cash flow hedge, to the extent that the hedge is effective, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) and reclassified to earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Changes in fair value of economic hedges and the ineffective portion of all hedges are recognized in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a fair value hedge, along with the changes in the fair value of the related hedged asset or liability, are recorded in earnings in the same period. We use non-U.S. dollar denominated debt to hedge a portion of our net investment in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. Currency movements related to our non-U.S. debt and our net investments in non-U.S. operations, as well as the related deferred taxes, are recorded within currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses). 
In order to qualify for hedge accounting, a specified level of hedging effectiveness between the derivative instrument and the item being hedged must exist at inception and throughout the hedged period. We must also formally document the nature of and relationship between the derivative and the hedged item, as well as our risk management objectives, strategies for undertaking the hedge transaction and method of assessing hedge effectiveness. Additionally, for a hedge of a forecasted transaction, the significant characteristics and expected term of the forecasted transaction must be specifically identified, and it must be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur. If it is no longer probable that the hedged forecasted transaction will occur, we would recognize the gain or loss related to the derivative in earnings.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Before we apply the acquisition method, we determine whether a transaction meets the definition of a business combination. For a transaction to meet the definition of a business combination, the entity or net assets acquired must meet the definition of a business in ASC 805. If the assets acquired are not a business, we account for the transaction or other event as an asset acquisition. We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, under which the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to all identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest at the fair value as of the acquisition date. We generally calculate the fair value using the income approach. The estimated future cash flows are based on the best information available to us at the time, acquisition-related costs incurred in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred. 
Goodwill arises because the purchase price paid reflects numerous factors, including the strategic fit and expected synergies these acquisitions bring to our existing operations. Goodwill is recorded at fair value and is reviewed at least annually at year-end (or more frequently under certain circumstances) for impairment. 
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level and is initially based on an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any individual reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Such events or circumstances could include limited market volatility, which adversely impacts our supply and trading activities, or material and sustained adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or in the industries and markets where we operate, overall financial performance, and our market capitalization, among others. There was significant volatility in the stock market during the fourth quarter 2018 including a significant decline in the Company’s market capitalization which was below book value at December 31, 2018. Management conducts an impairment test as of December 31 of each year, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired, as further described below. Based on the quantitative impairment test as of December 31, 2018, there were no impairments recorded for any of our reporting units.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In November 2018, we announced a project to optimize our Shoup NGL fractionator by expanding and repurposing a portion of our South Texas pipeline infrastructure. The project entailed the construction of approximately 20 miles of new pipeline along with the conversion of approximately 60 miles of existing natural gas pipelines to NGL service. The expansion project, which allows us to supply Shoup with an additional 25 MBPD of NGL volumes, was completed in the second quarter of 2019.
 • The Hobbs NGL fractionator serves NGL producers in West Texas, New Mexico and Colorado. This fractionator receives mixed NGLs from several major supply basins, including the Mid-Continent, Permian Basin, San Juan Basin and Rocky Mountains. The facility is located at the interconnect of our Mid-America Pipeline System and Seminole NGL Pipeline, thus providing customers access to both the Mont Belvieu and Conway hubs.
 • The Norco NGL fractionator receives mixed NGLs from refineries and natural gas processing facilities located in southern Louisiana and along the Mississippi and Alabama Gulf Coast, including our Pascagoula and Venice facilities.
