COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company provides for the daily replenishment of major bank accounts as payments are presented. Included in accounts payable at the end of 2021 and 2020, are $ 999 and $ 810 , respectively, representing the excess of outstanding payments over cash on deposit at the banks on which the payments were drawn. 
Short-term investments generally consist of debt securities (U.S. Government and Agency Notes), with maturities at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. These available-for-sale investments have a low level of inherent credit risk given they are issued by the U.S. Government and Agencies. Changes in their fair value are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis. 
The Company periodically evaluates unrealized losses in its investment securities for credit impairment, using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. In the event a security is deemed to be impaired as the result of a credit loss, the Company recognizes the loss in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income.

BOEING CO report:
We inquired of the Company’s management, including individuals responsible for sales and pricing, to evaluate the status of current sales campaigns, short and long-term market demand, and overall program status. 
We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and assumptions used in developing its estimates related to the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units. 
We tested the effectiveness of controls including those over the data used in developing the estimates, the mathematical extrapolation of such data, and management’s judgment regarding the range of possible outcomes relating to the specific estimates.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company receives cash collateral for securities loaned in an amount generally equal to 102 % and 105 % of the fair value of domestic and foreign securities, respectively, and records the related obligations to return the collateral in other liabilities and accrued expenses. The carrying value of these obligations approximates fair value because of their relatively short-term nature. The Company monitors the market value of securities loaned on a daily basis and obtains additional collateral as necessary under the terms of the agreements to mitigate counterparty credit risk. The Company maintains the right and ability to repossess the securities loaned on short notice. 
Revenues related to protection plans, other contracts (primarily finance and insurance products) and roadside assistance are deferred and earned over the term of the contract in a manner that recognizes revenue as obligations under the contracts are performed. Revenues from these products are classified as premiums as the products are backed by insurance. Protection plans and finance and insurance premiums are recognized using a cost-based incurrence method over the term of the contracts, which is generally one to five years . Roadside assistance premiums are recognized evenly over the term of the contract as performance obligations are fulfilled. 
Protection Services For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized $ 1.28 billion of property and casualty insurance premiums for Protection Services that were included in the unearned premium balance as of December 31, 2020.
