BOEING CO report:
The global outbreak of COVID-19, 787 production issues and associated rework, and the residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding continue to have significant adverse impacts on our business and are expected to continue to negatively impact revenue, earnings and operating cash flow in future quarters. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented shock to demand for air travel, creating a tremendous challenge for our customers, our business and the entire commercial aerospace manufacturing and services sector. We continue to expect commercial air travel to return to 2019 levels in 2023 to 2024. We expect it will take a few years beyond that for the industry to return to long-term trend growth. There is significant uncertainty with respect to when commercial air traffic levels will recover, and whether, and at what point capacity will return to and/or exceed pre-COVID-19 levels. 
During 2021, net cash used by operating activities was $ 3.4 billion. Our operating cash flows continue to be impacted by lower commercial airplane deliveries and concessions paid to 737 MAX customers. We expect negative operating cash flows until commercial deliveries ramp up. In 2021, we issued $ 9.8 billion of fixed rate senior notes that mature between 2023 and 2026. We used the net proceeds of these note issuances to repay the $ 13.8 billion outstanding under our two-year delayed draw term loan credit agreement. In 2021, we also repaid $ 1.5 billion of term notes. As a result, our cash and short-term investment balance was $ 16.2 billion and our debt balance was $ 58.1 billion at December 31, 2021. In addition, we have term notes of $ 1.2 billion maturing in 2022. 
As of December 31, 2021, our unused borrowing capacity on revolving credit agreements is $ 14.7 billion. We anticipate that these revolving credit lines will remain undrawn and primarily serve as backup liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs. Our borrowing capacity includes a $ 3.1 billion 364-day revolving credit facility, which is set to expire in October 2022. See Note 15.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company capitalizes incremental costs of obtaining revenue contracts related to non-cancelable Cloud Services subscription, ongoing Cloud Services support and license support and updates. For contracts with on-premises software licenses where revenue is recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer, costs allocable to those licenses are expensed as they are incurred. Capitalized amounts consist primarily of sales commissions paid to the Company’s direct sales force. Capitalized amounts also include (1) amounts paid to employees other than the direct sales force who earn incentive payouts under annual compensation plans that are tied to the value of contracts acquired, (2) commissions paid to employees upon renewals of subscription and support contracts, (3) the associated payroll taxes and fringe benefit costs associated with the payments to the Company’s employees and (4) to a lesser extent, success fees paid to partners in emerging markets where the Company has a limited presence. 
Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years , which is longer than the typical initial contract period, but reflects the estimated average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit, the Company evaluated both qualitative and quantitative factors which 
The capitalized amounts are recoverable through future revenue streams under all non-cancelable customer contracts. The Company periodically evaluates whether there have been any changes in its business, the market conditions in which it operates or other events which would indicate that its amortization period should be changed or if there are potential indicators of impairment.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
• Security services . We offer a suite of management and data security services that help our customers protect, detect and respond to security threats to their networks, data, applications and infrastructure. 
• Core services . We provide a portfolio of domestic and global voice and data solutions utilizing traditional telecommunications technology, including voice calling, messaging services, conferencing, contact center solutions and private line and data access networks. Core services also include the provision of customer premises equipment, and installation, maintenance and site services. 
• IoT services . We provide the network access required to deliver various IoT products and services. We work with companies that purchase network access from us to connect their devices, bundled together with their own solutions, which they sell to end users. We are building IoT capabilities by leveraging business models that monetize usage on our networks at the connectivity, platform and solution layers.
