WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company records all unsettled derivative contracts at their gross fair values on the consolidated balance sheets. (See Note 5.) The portion of the fair value that represents cash flows occurring within one year are classified as current, and the portion related to cash flows occurring beyond one year are classified as noncurrent. The cash flows from the designated derivative instruments used as hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the same section as the cash flows of the hedged item. 
The cash flows from the effective portion of derivative instruments used as hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the same section as the cash flows from the hedged item. For example, the cash paid or received to settle the effective portion of foreign exchange derivatives intended to hedge distribution revenue earned during the year ended December 31, 2018  is reported as an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows consistent with the classification of cash received from customers. Also, the cash flows related to our interest rate contracts used to hedge the pricing for certain senior notes are reported as a financing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows consistent with the cash proceeds from our debt offerings. The cash flows from the ineffective portion of derivative instruments used as hedges, periodic settlement of interest on cross-currency swaps, and derivative contracts not designated as hedges are reported as investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
When stock is acquired for purposes other than formal or constructive retirement, the purchase price of the acquired stock is recorded in a separate treasury stock account, which is separately reported as a reduction of equity.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin at our South Texas NGL fractionators decreased $ 7.4 million year-to-year primarily due to major maintenance activities completed at our Shoup fractionator during the third quarter of 2019. NGL fractionation volumes at our South Texas NGL fractionators increased 7 MBPD year-to-year. 
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Crude Oil Pipelines & Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):
Gross operating margin from our Midland-to-ECHO System increased $246.7 million year-to-year. Gross operating margin from our Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline and related business activities increased $146.8 million year-to-year primarily due to a $133.0 million increase in non-cash mark-to-market earnings, higher transportation volumes, which accounted for a $30.1 million increase, and lower expenses, which accounted for a $27.8 million increase, partially offset by lower average transportation fees, which accounted for a $91.5 million decrease. Expenses in 2018 for the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline included a $33.9 million charge attributable to the allocation of pipeline earnings to WES upon closing of their acquisition of a 20% ownership interest in Whitethorn Pipeline Company LLC (which owns the majority of the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline) in June 2018. Net to our interest, transportation volumes for the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline increased 43 MBPD year-to-year. Gross operating margin from our Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline, which commenced operations in February 2019, was $99.9 million on transportation volumes of 197 MBPD.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
In 2020 and 2021, while the COVID-19 pandemic significantly affected economies, marketplaces, communities and businesses around the world, including ours, we prioritized our employees, customers and communities and largely continued to execute against our strategic priorities. In this way, we positioned ourselves to emerge stronger. Please refer to our COVID-19 discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information. 
We sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries, including 131 manufacturing and processing facilities across 45 countries. The portion of our net revenues generated outside the United States was 75.1% in 2021, 73.2% in 2020 and 74.4% in 2019. For more information on our U.S. and non-U.S. operations, refer to Note 18, Segment Reporting; on our manufacturing and other facilities, refer to Item 2, Properties ; and risks related to our operations outside the United States, see Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
• Our emerging markets include our Latin America region in its entirety; the Asia, Middle East and Africa (“AMEA”) region, excluding Australia, New Zealand and Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia, Ukraine, Türkiye, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries.
