ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Drug product development. • Phase I bioequivalence studies to compare a future Established Pharmaceutical's brand with an already marketed compound with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient (API). • Phase II studies to test the efficacy of benefits in a small group of patients. • Phase III studies to broaden the testing to a wider population that reflects the actual medical use. • Phase IV and other post-marketing studies to obtain new clinical use data on existing products within approved indications. The specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. The process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as China. 
• Discovery which focuses on identification of a product that will address a specific therapeutic area, platform, or unmet clinical need. • Concept/Feasibility during which the materials and manufacturing processes are evaluated, testing may include product characterization and analysis is performed to confirm clinical utility. • Development during which extensive testing is performed to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design specifications conform to user needs and intended uses. The regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. In the U.S., the FDA classifies diagnostic products into classes (I, II, or III) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. While the Diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as Class I or Class II. Submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for Class I products. Class II devices typically require pre-market notification to the FDA through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. Most Class III products are subject to the FDA's Pre-Marketing Approval (PMA) requirements. Other Class III products, such as those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a Biological License Application (BLA). 
In the European Union (EU), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which is governed by the European In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Directive, depends upon the category. Certain product categories require review and approval by an independent

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
The following table outlines our participation in multiemployer pension plans for 2020, 2019 and 2018, and sets forth our calendar year contributions and accruals for each plan. The “EIN/Pension Plan Number” column provides the Employer Identification Number (“EIN”) and the three-digit plan number. The most recent Pension Protection Act zone status available in 2020 and 2019 relates to the plans’ two most recent fiscal year ends. The zone status is based on information that we received from the plans’ administrators and is certified by each plan’s actuary. Plans certified in the red zone are generally less than 65 % funded; plans certified in the orange zone are both less than 80 % funded and have an accumulated funding deficiency, or are expected to have a deficiency in any of the next six plan years; plans certified in the yellow zone are less than 80 % funded; and plans certified in the green zone are at least 80 % funded. The “FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented” column indicates whether a financial improvement plan (“FIP”) for yellow/orange zone plans, or a rehabilitation plan (“RP”) for red zone plans, is either pending or has been implemented. As of December 31, 2020, all plans that have either a FIP or RP requirement have had the respective plan implemented. 
Our collectively-bargained contributions satisfy the requirements of all implemented FIPs and RPs and do not currently require the payment of any surcharges. In addition, minimum contributions outside of the agreed upon contractual rates are not required. For the plans detailed in the following table, the expiration date of the associated collective bargaining agreements is July 31, 2023, with the exception of the IAM National Pension Fund / National Pension Plan, which has a July 31, 2024 expiration date. For all plans detailed in the following table, we provided more than 5 % of the total plan contributions from all employers for 2020, 2019 and 2018 (as disclosed in the annual filing with the Department of Labor for each respective plan). 
In 2012, we reached an agreement with the New England Teamsters and Trucking Industry Pension Fund ("NETTI Fund"), a multiemployer pension plan in which UPS is a participant, to restructure the pension liabilities for approximately 10,200 UPS employees represented by the Teamsters. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, we had $ 837 and $ 845 million, respectively, recognized in "Other Non-Current Liabilities" as well as $ 7 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 recorded in "Other current liabilities" in our consolidated balance sheets, representing the remaining balance of the NETTI Fund withdrawal liability. This liability is payable in equal monthly installments over a remaining term of approximately 42 years. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to us for long-term financing of a similar maturity, the fair value of the NETTI Fund withdrawal liability as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 was $ 1.0 billion and $ 929 million, respectively. We utilized Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy of valuation techniques to determine the fair value of this liability.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. In July 2021, we acquired Slack, a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We plan to integrate Slack with most Salesforce offerings.
