BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We use derivative instruments for the purpose of managing the exposures associated with commodity prices, transportation costs, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, energy costs, and for positioning our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements in accordance with established policies and procedures. We enter into derivative instruments primarily with commodity exchanges in the case of commodity futures and options, major financial institutions, or approved exchange cleared shipping companies in the case of ocean freight. While these derivative instruments are subject to fluctuations in value, for hedged exposures those fluctuations are generally offset by the changes in the fair value of the underlying exposures. The derivative instruments that we use for hedging purposes are intended to reduce the volatility of our results of operations. However, they can occasionally result in earnings volatility, which may be material. See Note 15- Fair 
Value Measurements and Note 16- Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more detailed discussion of our use of derivative instruments. 
Through our normal business activities, we are subject to significant credit and counterparty risks that arise through commercial sales and purchases, including forward commitments to buy or sell, and through various OTC derivative instruments that we use to manage risks inherent in our business activities. We define credit and counterparty risk as a potential financial loss due to the failure of a counterparty to honor its obligations. The exposure is measured based upon several factors, including unpaid accounts receivable from counterparties, as well as unrealized gains from forward purchase or sale contracts and OTC derivative instruments. Credit and counterparty risk also includes sovereign credit risk. We actively monitor credit and counterparty risk through a regular review of exposures and credit analysis by regional credit teams, as well as a review by global and corporate committees that monitor counterparty performance. We record provisions for counterparty losses from time to time as a result of our credit and counterparty analysis.

SALESFORCE INC report:
For more information regarding legal proceedings, such as the Tableau shareholder derivative action, see Note 14 “Legal Proceedings and Claims” to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason. 
The following section generally discusses fiscal 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2021 and 2020, as well as certain fiscal 2019 items. Discussions of fiscal 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020.

BOEING CO report:
The following table provides details of the accounting quantities and firm orders by program as of December 31. Cumulative firm orders represent the cumulative number of commercial jet aircraft deliveries plus undelivered firm orders. 
747 Program We are currently producing at a rate of 0.5 aircraft per month. We believe that ending production of the 747 at the end of the current accounting quantity would not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
777 Program The accounting quantity for the 777 program increased by 10 units during 2019 due to the program’s normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. In 2013, we launched the 777X, which features a new composite wing, new engines and folding wing-tips. We have experienced issues in engine design and development on the 777X. The first flight of the 777X was completed on January 25, 2020, and first delivery is targeted for 2021. The 777 and 777X programs have a combined production rate of 5 per month. We plan to produce more 777 models and fewer 777X models in the near term than previously planned. We expect to deliver at an average rate of 3 per month in 2020. The 777X will have a separate program accounting quantity, which will be determined in the year of first airplane delivery.
