ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• gastroenterology products, including Creon™, for the treatment of pancreatic exocrine insufficiency associated with several underlying conditions, including cystic fibrosis and chronic pancreatitis; Duspatal™ and Dicetel®, for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome or biliary spasm; Heptral™, Transmetil®, and Samyr®, for the treatment of intrahepatic cholestasis (associated with liver disease) or depressive symptoms; and Duphalac™, for regulation of the physiological rhythm of the colon; • women's health products, including Duphaston™, for the treatment of many different gynecological disorders; and Femoston™, a hormone replacement therapy for postmenopausal women; • cardiovascular and metabolic products, including Lipanthyl™ and TriCor®, for the treatment of dyslipidemia; Teveten™ and Teveten™ Plus, for the treatment of essential hypertension, and Physiotens™, for the treatment of hypertension; and Synthroid™, for the treatment of hypothyroidism; • pain and central nervous system products, including Serc™, for the treatment of Ménière's disease and vestibular vertigo; Brufen™, for the treatment of pain, fever, and inflammation, and Sevedol®, for the treatment of severe migraines; and • respiratory drugs and vaccines, including the anti-infective clarithromycin (sold under the trademarks Biaxin®, Klacid™, and Klaricid™); and Influvac™, an influenza vaccine. 
* As used throughout the text of this report on Form 10-K, the term "Abbott" refers to Abbott Laboratories, an Illinois corporation, or Abbott Laboratories and its consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires. 1 
The Established Pharmaceutical Products segment directs its primary marketing efforts toward building a strong brand with key stakeholders, including consumers, pharmacists, physicians, and other healthcare providers. Government agencies are also important customers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
To address these factors, we will need to, among other things, continue to add substantial numbers of paying subscriptions, upgrade our customers to fully featured versions or arrangements such as an Enterprise License Agreement, provide high quality technical support to our customers, encourage the development of third-party applications on our platforms, realize the benefits from our strategic partnerships and continue to focus on retaining customers at the time of renewal. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, whether internally or through the use of third parties, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales, other customer-related areas and research and development, the expansion of domestic and international selling and marketing activities, 
specifically in our top markets, the continued development of our brands, the addition of distribution channels, the upgrade of our service offerings, the continued development of services including Community Cloud and Industry Clouds, the integration of new and acquired technologies such as Commerce Cloud, artificial intelligence technologies and Salesforce Quip, the expansion of our Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Platform core service offerings, Integration Cloud through our May 2018 MuleSoft, Inc. ("MuleSoft") acquisition and the additions to our global infrastructure to support our growth. 
We also regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and we plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, e-commerce, artificial intelligence, IoT and collaborative productivity tools. We drive innovation organically and to a lesser extent through acquisitions, such as our acquisition of MuleSoft and in August 2018 our acquisition of Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama"). We have a disciplined and thoughtful acquisition process where we routinely survey the industry landscape across a wide range of companies. As a result of our aggressive growth plans and integration of our previously acquired businesses, we have incurred significant expenses from equity awards and amortization of purchased intangibles, which have reduced our operating income. We remain focused on improving operating margins.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company markets and distributes fresh, frozen and dry food and non-food products to foodservice customers throughout the U.S. The Company uses a centralized management structure, and its strategies and initiatives are implemented and executed consistently across the organization to maximize value to the organization as a whole. The Company uses shared resources for sales, procurement, and general and administrative activities across each of its distribution facilities and operations. The Company’s distribution facilities form a single network to reach its customers; it is common for a single customer to make purchases from several different distribution facilities. Capital projects, whether for cost savings or generating incremental revenue, are evaluated based on estimated economic returns to the organization as a whole. 
No single customer accounted for more than 3% of the Company’s consolidated net sales for fiscal years 2019 , 2018 and 2017 . However, customers who are members of one group purchasing organization accounted, in the aggregate, for approximately 13 % of the Company's consolidated net sales in fiscal years 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 .Legal Proceedings —The Company is subject to a number of legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. These legal proceedings, whether pending, threatened or unasserted, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, may result in liabilities material to its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company has recognized provisions with respect to the proceedings, where appropriate, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. It is possible that the Company could be required to make expenditures, in excess of the established provisions, in amounts that cannot be reasonably estimated. However, the Company believes that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
These condensed parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under terms of the agreements governing its indebtedness, the net assets of USF are restricted from being transferred to US Foods in the form of loans, advances or dividends with the exception of income tax payments, share-based compensation settlements and minor administrative costs. USF had $ 1.3 billion of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $ 2.4 billion of its net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation, as of December 28, 2019 . See Note 16, Share-Based Compensation, Common Stock Issuances and Common Stock, for a discussion of the Company’s equity-related transactions. In the condensed parent company financial statements below, the investment in the operating subsidiary, USF, is accounted for using the equity method. 
The Company’s consolidated results represent the results of its one business segment based on how the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief Executive Officer, views the business for purposes of evaluating performance and making operating decisions.
