SALESFORCE INC report:
Ethical and Humane Use . We recognize the transformative power of technologies and the importance of ensuring their ethical and humane use. Core to this effort is our Office of Ethical and Humane Use of Technology, which works across product, law, policy and ethics to develop and implement strategic frameworks across the company for the responsible design, development and use of Salesforce technologies. We regularly engage with stakeholders and experts in the field to further this effort. We also rely on our Ethical Use Advisory Council, composed of diverse frontline and executive employees, as well as external academics, industry experts and society leaders, to navigate how we mitigate risk and avoid harmful unintended consequences. 
Civic Engagement . We work with policymakers and elected officials around the globe on issues that matter to our stakeholders, including our employees, our customers, our stockholders, our communities and the environment. Salesforce is nonpartisan in our work, and we support candidates and eligible organizations of any party who share our priorities, align with our core values, represent and engage with significant numbers of our employees and demonstrate leadership. We are 
committed to complying with all laws, rules and regulations relevant to our political activity and we publicly disclose all contributions in the U.S. in reports filed with the Federal Election Commission and with various state campaign finance commissions. Our Governance Committee provides independent oversight and annually reviews our political contributions. Management prepares a detailed annual report of our corporate political spending, which is publicly accessible at https://www.salesforce.com/company/public-policy/.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. These products are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, these products are generally marketed and sold directly to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, and physicians' offices from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. 
• rhythm management products, including Assurity MRI® and Endurity MRI® pacemaker systems; Ellipse® and Fortify Assura® implantable cardioverter defibrillators and Quadra Assura MP® implantable cardioverter defibrillator with cardiac resynchronization therapy and MultiPoint® Pacing technology; • electrophysiology products, including the TactiCath® family of ablation catheters and FlexAbility® irrigated ablation catheters; Ampere® RF ablation generator; and EnSite Precision® cardiac 3 
• heart failure related products, including the HeartMate™ left ventricular device family and the CardioMEMS® HF System pulmonary artery sensor, a heart failure monitoring system; • vascular products, including the XIENCE™ family of drug-eluting coronary stent systems developed on the Multi-Link Vision® platform; StarClose SE® and Perclose ProGlide® vessel closure devices, TREK® coronary balloon dilatation products, Hi-Torque Balance Middleweight Universal II® guidewires, Supera® Peripheral Stent System, a peripheral vascular stent system; Acculink®/Accunet® and Xact®/Emboshield NAV6®, carotid stent systems; and the OPTIS® integrated system with the Dragonfly OPTIS® imaging catheter and PressureWire® fractional flow reserve measurement systems; • structural heart products, including MitraClip®, a percutaneous mitral valve repair system; Trifecta® Valve with Glide™ Technology, a surgical tissue heart valve; Portico® transcatheter aortic heart valve, Regent™ mechanical heart valve, and AMPLATZER® PFO occluders; and • neuromodulation products, including spinal cord stimulators Proclaim™ Elite Recharge-free IPG and Prodigy MRI® IPG, both with BurstDR® stimulation, and Proclaim® DRG IPG, a neurostimulation device designed for dorsal root ganglion therapy, for the treatment of chronic pain disorders; and the Infinity® Deep Brain Stimulation System with directional lead technology for the treatment of movement disorders. The Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment's products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, product performance, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component of income tax expense. Interest and penalties recognized during 2019  and 2018  and accrued at the end of each respective period were not material. 
The Company is currently under audit by several jurisdictions in the United States and in several foreign countries. Some audits may conclude in the next 12 months and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement amounts. It is not practical to estimate the effect, if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions in connection with the audits. The Company does not anticipate that there will be a material increase or decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
The Company files income tax returns in the United States, various state and local jurisdictions, in Canada, and in several other foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examination for years before fiscal 2014.
