BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1- Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
In the normal course of its operations we routinely enter into transactions resulting in the recognition of assets and liabilities stemming from unconditional obligations, for example trade receivables and trade payables, or conditional obligations, for example unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts at fair value, with the same counterparty. We generally record all such assets and liabilities on a gross basis, even when they are subject to master netting agreements. 
However, we also engage in various trade structured finance activities to leverage the value of our global trade flows. These activities include programs under which we generally obtain U.S. dollar-denominated letters of credit ("LCs") from financial institutions, each based on an underlying commodity trade flow, time deposits denominated in either the local currency of the financial institutions' counterparties or in U.S. dollars, as well as foreign exchange forward contracts. Trade related payables are set-off against receivables under such arrangements when all related assets and liabilities are subject to legally enforceable set-off agreements and the criteria of ASC 210-20, Offsetting , has been met. Cash inflows are offset by the related cash outflows resulting from placement of the time deposits and repayment of the LCs. All cash flows related to the programs are included in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

BOEING CO report:
747 Program We completed production of the 747 in the fourth quarter of 2022 and delivery of the last aircraft is expected to occur in early 2023. Ending production of the 747 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
767 Program The accounting quantity for the 767 program increased by 24 units during 2022 due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. The 767 assembly line includes the commercial program and a derivative to support the KC-46A Tanker program. The commercial program has near break-even gross margins. We are currently producing at a combined rate of 3 aircraft per month. 
777 and 777X Programs The accounting quantity for the 777 program increased by 40 units during 2022 due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. We are currently producing at a combined production rate of 3 per month for the 777/777X programs. The accounting quantity for the 777X program increased by 50 units during 2022 reflecting the launch of the 777X-8 freighter during the first quarter of 2022. First delivery of the 777X-8 freighter is expected in 2027.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Kentucky Earthquake Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract is a three -year contract that reinsures personal lines property losses in Kentucky caused by earthquakes and fire following earthquakes. The contract expires May 31, 2020 and provides three limits of $ 28 million in excess of a $ 2 million retention, with two limits available in any one contract year, and is 95 % placed. The reinsurance premium and retention are not subject to redetermination for exposure changes. 
Florida and Southeast Auto Aggregate Excess Catastrophe Contract is a one -year term contract effective June 1, 2019 to May 31, 2020. This contract provides a single reinsurance limit at 80 % of $ 250 million , subject to a $ 250 million aggregate retention, for catastrophe losses to personal lines and commercial lines automobile business (physical damage only) arising out of multiple perils and provided such losses arise out of a company declared catastrophe and result in a qualifying loss in the State of Florida. For these qualifying catastrophe events, coverage is also provided for losses to personal lines and commercial lines automobile business (physical damage only) in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, and/or South Carolina. The contract does not include a reinstatement of limits. 
Excess & Surplus (E&S) Earthquake Contract is a three -year contract that reinsures personal lines property catastrophe losses in California caused by the peril of earthquakes and is insured by the Company’s excess and surplus lines insurer. The contract reinsures only shake damage resulting from the earthquake peril. The contract is effective July 1, 2018 and expires June 30, 2021, both days inclusive, and provides reinsurance on a 100 % quota share basis with
