VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our available external financing arrangements include an active commercial paper program, credit available under credit facilities and other bank lines of credit, vendor financing arrangements, issuances of registered debt or equity securities, U.S. retail medium-term notes and other capital market securities that are privately-placed or offered overseas. In addition, we monetize our device payment plan agreement receivables through asset-backed debt transactions. 
Our primary source of funds continues to be cash generated from operations. Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $6.0 billion during 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to improvements in working capital, which includes the receipt of the $2.2 billion cash tax benefit related to preferred shares in a foreign affiliate sold during the fourth quarter 2019 and lower wireless volumes, as well as the receipt of $764 million relating to the settlement of interest rate swaps during 2020. In addition, an employee benefits contribution as well as severance payments as a result of the Voluntary Separation Program in 2019 did not repeat in 2020. These comparative increases were partially offset by lower earnings in 2020. We made a $300 million discretionary employee benefits contribution during the first quarter 2019 to our defined benefit pension plan. As a result of the 2019 discretionary pension contribution and higher actual asset returns than expected returns in both 2019 and 2020, we expect that there will be no required pension funding through 2030, subject to changes in market conditions. The 2019 contribution also improved the funded status of our qualified pension plan. 
Capital expenditures continue to relate primarily to the use of capital resources to increase the operating efficiency and productivity of our networks, maintain our existing infrastructure, facilitate the introduction of new products and services and enhance responsiveness to competitive challenges.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $7.9 billion at January 31, 2020. This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectation due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as “available for sale,” no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary. 
An immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points at January 31, 2020 could result in a $38 million market value reduction or increase of the same amount. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in other comprehensive income, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2021, approximately 1,570 of our pending claims have been reported to the MCCA, of which approximately 70% represents claims that occurred more than 5 years ago. There are 59 Allstate brand claims with reserves in excess of $15 million as of December 31, 2021, which comprise approximately 21% of the gross ending reserves in the table above. As a result, significant developments with a single claimant can result in volatility in prior year incurred claims. 
Intercompany reinsurance We enter into certain intercompany insurance and reinsurance transactions in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. These reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
Catastrophe reinsurance Our catastrophe reinsurance program is designed to address our exposure to catastrophes nationwide, utilizing our risk management methodology. Our program is designed to provide reinsurance protection for catastrophes resulting from multiple perils including hurricanes, windstorms, hail, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, and fires following earthquakes. These reinsurance agreements are part of our catastrophe management strategy, which is intended to provide our shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business, while providing protection to our customers.
