SALESFORCE INC report:
• Cultivating a community of Trailblazers who embrace our Company values and evangelize our service offerings. A Trailblazer can be anyone who leverages new technologies to transform their companies, careers and communities; 
We invest in early- to late-stage technology and professional cloud service companies across the globe to support our business initiatives, which include, among other things, extending the capabilities of our platform and service offerings, increasing the ecosystem of enterprise cloud companies and partners, accelerating the adoption of cloud technologies and creating the next-generation of AI, mobile applications and connected products. Our minority investments in over 240 companies as of January 31, 2019 also help us stay connected with the rapid pace of innovation that is currently occurring within the technology industry. In some cases, we have acquired companies in which we have previously invested. Due to the inherent risk in investing, our individual investments are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of investment capital. While historically our investment portfolio has had a positive impact on our financial results, that may not be true for future periods, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations that affect the market price of publicly traded companies within our strategic investment portfolio. 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. We believe our continuing research and product development are not materially dependent on any single license or other agreement with a third party relating to the development of our products.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product's safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications. 
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process. 
In the EU, cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which is governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the Directive. Some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to CE marking of the device. For other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the CE mark to the product. Outside the U.S. and the EU, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We proportionately consolidate a 66.7% undivided interest in three of the propylene splitters, which have an aggregate 38 MBPD of total plant capacity. The remaining three propylene fractionation units are wholly owned.
We produce PGP at our Chambers County facilities and CGP at our BRPC facility. On a weighted-average basis, the overall utilization rate of our propylene production facilities was approximately 90.0%, 88.7% and 79.4% during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Global demand for propylene is increasing; however, the use of lighter crude oil feedstocks by U.S. refiners and increased use of ethane by steam crackers has reduced propylene production from these traditional sources. This has led to the development of more “on purpose” propylene production facilities such as our PDH 1 facility located in Chambers County, Texas. This facility has the capacity to produce up to 1.65 billion pounds per year, or approximately 25 MBPD, of PGP. At this nameplate production rate, the facility upgrades approximately 35 MBPD of propane as feedstock. The PDH 1 facility is integrated with our legacy Chambers County propylene fractionation units, which provides us with operational reliability and flexibility for both the PDH facility and the fractionation units. The construction of PDH 1 was underwritten by long-term, fee-based contracts that feature minimum volume commitments.
