ALLSTATE CORP report:
The unrealized gains and losses from the translation of the net assets are recorded as unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments and included in AOCI. Changes in unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments are included in other comprehensive income (“OCI”). Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are reported in operating costs and expenses and have not been material. 
Basic earnings per common share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, including vested unissued participating restricted stock units. Diluted earnings per common share is computed using the weighted average number of common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding. 
For the Company, dilutive potential common shares consist of outstanding stock options and unvested non-participating restricted stock units and contingently issuable performance stock awards. The effect of dilutive potential common shares does not include options with an anti-dilutive effect on earnings per common share because their exercise prices exceed the average market price of Allstate common shares during the period or for which the unrecognized compensation cost would have an anti-dilutive effect.

BOEING CO report:
We inquired of the Company’s management, including individuals responsible for sales and pricing, to evaluate the status of current sales campaigns, short and long-term market demand, and overall program status. 
We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and assumptions used in developing its estimates related to the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units. 
We tested the effectiveness of controls including those over the data used in developing the estimates, the mathematical extrapolation of such data, and management’s judgment regarding the range of possible outcomes relating to the specific estimates.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. Both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. On a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the U.S. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. As a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. Subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
Additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. These amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange gains (losses). 
We primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. Intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. In contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange gains (losses).
