BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Through the "Investors: Governance" section of our website (www.bunge.com), it is also possible to access copies of the charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Finance and Risk Policy Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee and Strategic Review Committee. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Conduct are also available on our website. Each of these documents is also made available free of charge through our website. 
The foregoing information regarding our website and its content is for your convenience only. The information contained in or connected to our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this report or filed with the SEC. 
In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers where you may obtain a copy of all of the materials we file publicly with SEC. The SEC website address is www.sec.gov.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding and strengthening our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers wherever they are in their digital transformation journeys, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. Partners extend the power of our solutions to businesses of all size and industries. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries, offer a variety of solutions natively and through the AppExchange and address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
Promoting strong customer adoption and reducing customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation, as well as customer success programs including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and 
accelerate digital transformation. With these resources and our customer success programs, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions prior to the end of their contractual terms.

BOEING CO report:
The subjectivity of the liability associated with providing consideration to customers resulting from the 737 MAX Grounding and the complexity of assessing the outcome of the ongoing litigation and investigations related to the 737 MAX required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort. 
We inquired of management to understand developments with the 737 MAX Grounding, including the status of regulatory approval for return to service in various jurisdictions and the status of consideration discussions with individual customers. 
We evaluated the significant assumptions used by management to estimate the liability for customer consideration, including the timing and conditions of 737 MAX return to service, and, where possible, we corroborated the assumptions with management outside of the accounting and finance organizations.
