SALESFORCE INC report:
(2) Operating leases do not include sublease income. The Company has entered into various sublease agreements with third parties. Under these agreements, the Company expects to receive sublease income of approximately $146 million  in the next five years and $79 million  thereafter. 
(3) Total Financing Obligation - Leased Facility noted above represents the total obligation on the lease agreement including amounts allocated to interest and the implied lease for the land. As of January 31, 2019 , $215 million  of the total $279 million  above was recorded to Financing obligation leased facility, of which the current portion is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities and the noncurrent portion is included in other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated  balance sheet. 
The table above excludes renewal terms for facilities and certain services that provide the Company with the option to renew. The Company's future contractual obligations would change if the Company exercised these options.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Volumes.   For the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the prior year, transported volumes reflected increases of 1,919  BBtu/d as a result of the initiation of service on the Rover pipeline; increases of 572  BBtu/d and 439  BBtu/d on the Panhandle and Trunkline pipelines, respectively, due to higher demand resulting from colder weather and increased utilization by the Rover pipeline; 375  BBtu/d on the Tiger pipeline as a result of production increases in the Haynesville Shale, and 145  BBtu/d on the Transwestern pipeline resulting from favorable market opportunities in the West, midcontinent and Waha areas from the Permian supply basin. 
Segment Adjusted EBITDA.   For the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our interstate transportation and storage segment increased  due to the net impacts of the following: 
an increase of $359 million  associated with the Rover pipeline with increases of $485 million  in revenues, $105 million  in net operating expenses and $21 million  in selling, general and administrative expenses and other; and

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
After approval and commercial launch of some medical devices, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority.
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
