ALLSTATE CORP report:
The process employed to estimate MCCA covered losses involves a number of activities including the comprehensive review and interpretation of MCCA actuarial reports, other MCCA members’ reports and our personal injury protection loss trends which have increased in severity over time. A significant portion of incurred claim reserves can be attributed to a small number of catastrophic claims and thus a large portion of the recoverable is similarly concentrated. We conduct comprehensive claim file reviews to develop case reserve type estimates of specific claims, which inform our view of future claim development and longevity of claimants. Each year, we update the actuarial estimate of our ultimate reserves and recoverables. We report our paid and unpaid claims based on MCCA requirements. The MCCA develops its own reserving estimates based on its own reserve methodologies, which may not align with our estimations. The MCCA does not provide member companies with its estimate of a company’s claim costs. We continue to update each comprehensive claim file case reserve estimate when there is a significant change in the status of the claimant, or once every three years if there have been no significant changes. 
We provide similar personal injury protection coverage in New Jersey for auto policies issued or renewed in New Jersey prior to 1991 that is administered by PLIGA. We use similar actuarial estimating techniques as for the MCCA exposures to estimate loss reserves for unlimited personal injury protection coverage for policies covered by PLIGA. We continue to update our estimates for these claims as the status of claimant’s changes. However, unlimited coverage was no longer offered after 1991; therefore, no new claimants are being added. 
Reserve estimates are confidential and proprietary and by their nature are very complex to determine and subject to significant judgments. Reserve estimates do not represent an exact determination for each outstanding claim. Claims may be subject to litigation. As actual claims, paid losses and/or case reserve results emerge, our estimate of the ultimate cost to settle may be materially greater or less than previously estimated amounts.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Secured Advances to Suppliers —Secured advances to suppliers are stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. Secured advances to suppliers are expected to be settled through delivery of non-cash assets and as such, allowances are established when collection is not probable. We establish an allowance for secured advances to suppliers, generally farmers and resellers of grain, based on historical experience, farming economics and other market conditions as well as specific customer collection issues. Uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount below the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection is unlikely. 
Secured advances to suppliers bear interest at contractual rates that reflect current market interest rates at the time of the transaction. There are no deferred fees or costs associated with these receivables. As a result, there are no imputed interest amounts to be amortized under the interest method. Interest income is calculated based on the terms of the individual agreements and is recognized on an accrual basis. 
We follow accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses, which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels, defined as portfolio segments and classes. Under this guidance, secured advances to suppliers are considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we

BOEING CO report:
The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering, and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. We expect the market to grow by around 3.5% annually. 
As the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet continues to grow, so does demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of airplanes. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. Airlines continue to look for opportunities to reduce the size and cost of their spare parts inventory, frequently outsourcing spares management to third parties. 
Government services market segments are growing on pace with related fleets, but vary based on the utilization and age of the aircraft. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Over the next decade, we expect U.S. growth to remain flat and non-U.S. fleets, led by Middle East and Asia Pacific customers, to add rotorcraft and commercial derivative aircraft at the fastest rates. We expect less than 20 percent of the worldwide fleet of military aircraft to be retired and replaced over the next ten years, driving increased demand for services to maintain aging aircraft and enhance aircraft capability.
