ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Diagnostic Products segment’s products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
These products include a broad line of pediatric and adult nutritional products manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to consumers and to institutions, wholesalers, retailers, health care facilities, government agencies, and third-party distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers or third-party distributors.
Primary marketing efforts for nutritional products are directed toward consumers or to securing the recommendation of Abbott’s brand of products by physicians or other health care professionals. In addition, nutritional products are also promoted directly to the public by consumer marketing efforts in markets where permitted.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component of income tax expense. Interest and penalties recognized during 2019  and 2018  and accrued at the end of each respective period were not material. 
The Company is currently under audit by several jurisdictions in the United States and in several foreign countries. Some audits may conclude in the next 12 months and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement amounts. It is not practical to estimate the effect, if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions in connection with the audits. The Company does not anticipate that there will be a material increase or decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
The Company files income tax returns in the United States, various state and local jurisdictions, in Canada, and in several other foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examination for years before fiscal 2014.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
International Package operations include delivery to more than 220 countries and territories worldwide, including shipments wholly outside the United States, as well as shipments with either origin or destination outside the United States. Our International Package reporting segment includes our operations in Europe, Asia, Americas and ISMEA. 
Supply Chain Solutions includes our Forwarding, Logistics, Coyote, Marken, UPS Mail Innovations and other businesses. Our Forwarding, Logistics and UPS Mail Innovations units provide services in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide and include international air and ocean freight forwarding, customs brokerage, distribution and post-sales services, mail and consulting services. Coyote offers truckload brokerage services primarily in the United States. Marken is a global provider of supply chain solutions to the healthcare and life sciences industry, specializing in clinical trials logistics. Other businesses within this segment include The UPS Store, UPS Capital and Roadie. This segment also included UPS Freight prior to its divestiture, details of which are set out in note 4. 
In evaluating financial performance, we focus on operating profit as a segment’s measure of profit or loss. Operating profit is before investment income (expense) and other, interest expense and income tax expense. Certain expenses are allocated between the segments using activity-based costing methods as described in Part I, "Item 7. Supplemental Information - Items Affecting Comparability" section of Management's Discussion and Analysis. As we operate an integrated, global multimodal network, we evaluate many of our capital expenditure decisions at a network level. Accordingly, expenditures on property, plant and equipment by segment are not presented. Unallocated assets are comprised primarily of cash and marketable securities.
