ALLSTATE CORP report:
In addition to its insolvency protection responsibilities, PLIGA reimburses insurers for unlimited excess medical benefits (“EMBs”) paid in connection with personal injury protection claims in excess of $ 75,000 for policies issued or renewed prior to January 1, 1991, and limited EMB claims in excess of $ 75,000 and capped at $ 250,000 for policies issued or renewed on or after January 1, 1991, to December 31, 2003. 
A significant portion of the incurred claim reserves and the recoverables can be attributed to a small number of catastrophic claims. Assessments paid to PLIGA for the EMB program totaled $ 8.1 million in 2019 . The amounts of paid and unpaid recoverables as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 were $ 446 million and $ 461 million , respectively. 
PLIGA annually assesses all admitted property and casualty insurers writing covered lines in New Jersey for PLIGA indemnification and expenses. PLIGA assessments may be recouped as a surcharge on premiums collected. PLIGA does not ultimately retain underwriting risk as it assesses member companies for their expected qualifying losses to provide funding for payment of its indemnification obligation to member companies for their actual losses. As a pass through, PLIGA facilitates these transactions of receipt of assessments paid by member companies and payment to member companies for covered claims presented by them for indemnification. As of December 31, 2018, the date of its most rece nt annual financial report, PLIGA had a fund balance of $ 250 million .

SALESFORCE INC report:
We periodically make changes to our sales organization to position us for long-term growth, which has in the past and could again in the future result in temporary disruptions to our sales productivity. In addition, we have experienced, and may at times in the future experience, more variation from our forecasted expectations of new business activity due to longer and less predictable sales cycles and increasing complexity of our business, which includes an expanded mix of products and various revenue models resulting from acquisitions. While we do not expect any of these changes to have a material adverse effect on our business or our ability to meet our near-term or long-term revenue targets, slower growth in new business in a given period could negatively affect our revenues in future periods, as well as remaining performance obligation in current or future periods, particularly if experienced on a sustained basis. 
In December 2019, a novel strain of Coronavirus was reported in Wuhan, China. The World Health Organization has declared the outbreak to constitute a "Public Health Emergency of International Concern." The extent of the impact of the Coronavirus on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, impact on our customers and our sales cycles, impact on our customer, employee or industry events, and effect on our vendors, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. For example, in response to the Coronavirus epidemic, we have shifted certain of our customer events to virtual-only experiences and we may deem it advisable to similarly alter, postpone or cancel entirely additional customer, employee or industry events in the future. At this point, the extent to which the Coronavirus may impact our financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. Due to our subscription based business model, the effect of the Coronavirus may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods, if at all. 
The expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted our revenue results for fiscal 2020 and had a minimal impact on our remaining performance obligation as of January 31, 2020. We expect these fluctuations to continue in the future.

BOEING CO report:
Common/collective/pooled funds are typically common or collective trusts valued at their NAVs that are calculated by the investment manager or sponsor of the fund and have daily or monthly liquidity. Derivatives included in the table above are over-the-counter and are primarily valued using an income approach with inputs that include benchmark yields, swap curves, cash flow analysis, rating agency data and interdealer broker rates. Exchange-traded derivative positions are reported in accordance with changes in daily variation margin which is settled daily and therefore reflected in the payables and receivables portion of the table. 
Cash equivalents and other short-term investments (which are used to pay benefits) are held in a separate account which consists of a commingled fund (with daily liquidity) and separately held short-term securities and cash equivalents. All of the investments in this cash vehicle are valued daily using a market approach with inputs that include quoted market prices for similar instruments. In the event a market price is not available for instruments with an original maturity of one year or less, amortized cost is used as a proxy for fair value. Common and preferred stock equity securities are primarily valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices of identical instruments. 
Private equity and private debt NAV valuations are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows and market based comparable data. For those investments reported on a one-quarter lagged basis (primarily LPs) we use NAVs, adjusted for subsequent cash flows and significant events.
