BOEING CO report:
In February 2021, 2020 and 2019, we granted to our executives 980,077 , 325,108 and 233,582 restricted stock units (RSUs) as part of our long-term incentive program with grant date fair values of $ 215.70 , $ 319.04 and $ 428.22 per unit, respectively. During 2021, we also granted 47,430 RSUs as part of this long-term incentive program. The RSUs granted under this program will generally vest and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an executive terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability or death, the employee (or beneficiary) may receive a proration of stock units based on active employment during the three-year service period or all of their stock units depending on certain age and service conditions. In all other cases, the RSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. These RSUs are labeled executive long-term incentive program in the table below. 
In December 2020, we granted to our employees (excluding executives and certain union-represented employees), a one-time grant of 5,163,425 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $ 233.00 per unit. The RSUs granted under this program will vest and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an employee terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability or death, the employee (or beneficiary) may receive a proration of stock units based on active employment during the three-year service period. In all other cases, the RSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. These RSUs are labeled employee long-term incentive program in the table below. 
In addition to RSUs awarded under our long-term incentive programs, we grant RSUs to certain executives and employees to encourage retention or to reward various achievements. These RSUs are labeled other RSUs in the table below.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. Intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. In contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses). 
As a Bermuda exempted company, we are not subject to income taxes on income in our jurisdiction of incorporation. However, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 35%. The jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are Brazil, the United States, Argentina and Bermuda. Determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction where we operate and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events. 
For the year ended December 31, 2018, net income attributable to Bunge increased by $107 million  to $267 million  from $160 million  in 2017 . This increase resulted primarily from higher total segment EBIT of $301 million , particularly in Agribusiness, as described below, and was partially offset by higher interest and income tax expenses.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested options and restricted stock with a fair value of $ 824 million. Of the total consideration, $ 387 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 437 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
In April 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of CloudCraze LLC ("CloudCraze"), for consideration consisting of cash and equity awards assumed. CloudCraze is a commerce platform that allows businesses to generate online revenue and scale for growth. CloudCraze delivers interactions across commerce, sales, marketing and service. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for CloudCraze was approximately $ 190 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 58 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one to seven years . The Company recorded approximately $ 134 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating CloudCraze's technology with the Company's other offerings. The goodwill balance is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
