BOEING CO report:
Inventoried costs on commercial aircraft programs and long-term contracts include direct engineering, production and tooling and other non-recurring costs, and applicable overhead, which includes fringe benefits, production related indirect and plant management salaries and plant services, not in excess of estimated net realizable value. To the extent a material amount of such costs are related to an abnormal event or are fixed costs not appropriately attributable to our programs or contracts, they are expensed in the current period rather than inventoried. Inventoried costs include amounts relating to programs and contracts with long-term production cycles, a portion of which is not expected to be realized within one 
Commercial aircraft programs inventory includes deferred production costs and supplier advances. Deferred production costs represent actual costs incurred for production of early units that exceed the estimated average cost of all units in the program accounting quantity. Higher production costs are experienced at the beginning of a new or derivative airplane program. Units produced early in a program require substantially more effort (labor and other resources) than units produced later in a program because of volume efficiencies and the effects of learning. We expect that these deferred costs will be fully recovered when all units included in the accounting quantity are delivered as the expected unit cost for later deliveries is below the estimated average cost of all units in the program. Supplier advances represent payments for parts we have contracted to receive from suppliers in the future. As parts are received, supplier advances are amortized to work in process. 
The determination of net realizable value of long-term contract costs is based upon quarterly reviews that estimate costs to be incurred to complete all contract requirements. When actual contract costs and the estimate to complete exceed total estimated contract revenues, a loss provision is recorded. The determination of net realizable value of commercial aircraft program costs is based upon quarterly program reviews that estimate revenue and cost to be incurred to complete the program accounting quantity. When estimated costs to complete exceed estimated program revenues to go, a program loss provision is recorded in the current period for the estimated loss on all undelivered units in the accounting quantity.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Beginning balance $ ( 60 ) Decrease in the provision for credit losses 1   Write-offs —   Ending balance $ ( 59 ) Allstate Annuities, Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits Beginning balance $ ( 3 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ( 11 ) Increase in the provision for credit losses ( 1 ) Write-offs —   Ending Balance $ ( 15 ) 
Property and casualty reinsurance is in place for the Allstate Protection, Discontinued Lines and Coverages and Protection Services segments. The Company purchases reinsurance after evaluating the financial condition of the reinsurer as well as the terms and price of coverage. 
The Company participates in state-based industry pools or facilities mandating participation by insurers offering certain coverage in their state, including the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association (“MCCA”), the New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association (“PLIGA”), the North Carolina Reinsurance Facility (“NCRF”) and the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (“FHCF”). When the Company pays qualifying claims under the coverage indemnified by a state’s pool or facility, the Company is reimbursed for the qualifying claim losses or expenses. Each state pool or facility may assess participating companies to collect sufficient amounts to meet its total indemnification requirements. The enabling legislation for each state’s pool or facility compels the pool or facility only to indemnify participating companies for qualifying claim losses or expenses; the state pool or facility does not underwrite the coverage or take on the ultimate risk of the indemnified business. As a pass through, these pools or facilities manage the receipt of assessments paid by participating companies and payment of indemnified amounts for covered claims presented by participating companies. The Company has not had any credit losses related to these indemnification programs.
