ALLSTATE CORP report:
U.S. government and agencies, municipal, corporate - public and foreign government:   The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields and credit spreads. 
Corporate - privately placed: Privately placed are valued using a discounted cash flow model that is widely accepted in the financial services industry and uses market observable inputs and inputs derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. The primary inputs to the discounted cash flow model include an interest rate yield curve, as well as published credit spreads for similar assets in markets that are not active that incorporate the credit quality and industry sector of the issuer. 
Corporate - privately placed also includes redeemable preferred stock that are valued using quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields, underlying stock prices and credit spreads.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
( 759 ) ( 940 ) Device payment plan agreement receivables, net $ 20,186   $ 16,566   Classified in our consolidated balance sheets: Accounts receivable, net $ 12,783   $ 11,601   Other assets 7,403   4,965   Device payment plan agreement receivables, net $ 20,186   $ 16,566   
Included in our device payment plan agreement receivables, net at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, are net device payment plan agreement receivables of $ 16.0 billion and $ 12.1 billion, respectively, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 7 for additional information. We believe the carrying value of these receivables approximate their fair value using a Level 3 expected cash flow model. 
For indirect channel wireless contracts with customers, we impute risk adjusted interest on the device payment plan agreement receivables. We record the imputed interest as a reduction to the related accounts receivable. Interest income, which is included within Service revenues and other in our consolidated statements of income, is recognized over the financed device payment term.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In general, the resolution of a legal matter could prevent us from offering our service to others, could be material to our financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results. 
We make a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of our legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. As a result, we may not be able to reasonably estimate the amount or range of possible losses in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of non-monetary remedies, with respect to any contingencies, and our estimates may not prove to be accurate. 
In our opinion, resolution of all current matters is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our consolidated  results of operations, cash flows or financial position. However, depending on the nature and timing of a given dispute or other contingency, an unfavorable resolution could materially affect our current or future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter.
