BOEING CO report:
We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. They offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. The grounding of the 737 MAX and the associated suspension of 737 MAX deliveries have significantly reduced our market share with respect to deliveries of single aisle aircraft in 2019 and may provide competitors with an opportunity to obtain more orders and increase market share. We are continuing to monitor the impact of the 737 MAX grounding on our suppliers and working to ensure that our supply chain can support our production plans once production resumes. With government support, Airbus has historically invested heavily to create a family of products to compete with ours. After the acquisition of a majority share of Bombardier’s C Series (now A220) in 2018, Airbus continues to expand in the 100-150 seat transcontinental market. Additionally, other competitors from Russia, China and Japan are developing commercial jet aircraft. Some of these competitors have historically enjoyed access to government-provided financial support, including “launch aid,” which greatly reduces the cost and commercial risks associated with airplane development activities. This has enabled the development of airplanes without commercial viability; others to be brought to market more quickly than otherwise possible; and many offered for sale below market-based prices. Many competitors have continued to make improvements in efficiency, which may result in funding product development, gaining market share and improving earnings. This market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years. 
We are focused on safely returning the 737 MAX to service, improving our products and services and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. We are also focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors. 
BCA revenues decreased by $25,244 million in 2019 compared with 2018 driven by lower 737 MAX deliveries and a revenue reduction of $8,259 million that was recorded in 2019 for estimated potential concessions and other considerations to customers for disruptions and associated delivery delays related to the 737 MAX grounding, net of $500 million of insurance recoveries. BCA revenues increased by $2,887 million in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to higher 737 and 787 deliveries and favorable 737 and 787 model mix, which more than offset lower 777 and 747 deliveries . The 737 MAX grounding will continue to have a significant impact on revenues until deliveries resume.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation, referred to by the Company as remaining performance obligation, represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of delivery of software licenses, average contract terms and foreign currency exchange rates. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation are subject to future economic risks including bankruptcies, regulatory changes and other market factors. 
The Company excludes amounts related to performance obligation that are billed and recognized as they are delivered. This primarily consists of professional services contracts that are on a time-and-materials basis. 
(1) Includes approximately $ 450 million and $ 650 million of remaining performance obligation related to the Salesforce.org business combination in June 2019 and the Tableau acquisition in August 2019, respectively.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Products —Our Milling Products segment activities include the production and sale of a variety of wheat flours and bakery mixes in Brazil and Mexico, as well as corn-based products derived from both the dry and wet corn milling processes in the United States and Mexico. 
Our brands in Brazil include Suprema, Soberana, Primor and Predileta wheat flours, and Gradina and Pre-Mescla bakery premixes. Our wheat flour and bakery mix brands in Mexico include Espiga, Esponja, Francesera, Chulita, Galletera and Pastelera. Our corn milling products primarily consist of dry-milled corn meals and flours, wet-milled masa and flours, flaking and brewers' grits, as well as soy-fortified corn meal, corn-soy blends, and other similar products. As part of our corn portfolio, we also sell whole grain and fiber ingredients. In the United States, we offer ancient grains, such as quinoa and millet, in our portfolio. We also produce a range of extruded products including die-cut pellets for the snack food industry. Additionally, we offer non-GMO products in the United States, including corn varieties. 
Customers —The primary customers for our wheat milling products are food processing, bakery and food service companies. The primary customers for our corn milling products are companies in the food-processing sector, such as cereal, snack, bakery and brewing companies, as well as the U.S. Government under its humanitarian assistance programs.
