VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In those circumstances where the Company is the lessee, we account for non-lease components associated with our leases (e.g., common area maintenance costs) and lease components as a single lease component for substantially all of our asset classes. Additionally, in arrangements where we are the lessor, we have customer premise equipment for which we account for non-lease components (e.g., service revenue) and lease components as combined components under the revenue recognition guidance in Topic 606 as the service revenues are the predominant components in the arrangements. 
Rent expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and is included in either Cost of services or Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income, based on the use of the facility or equipment on which rent is being paid. Variable rent payments related to both operating and finance leases are expensed in the period incurred. Our variable lease payments consist of payments dependent on various external indicators, including real estate taxes, common area maintenance charges and utility usage. 
We recognize the amortization of the right-of-use asset for our finance leases on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the right-of-use asset in Depreciation and amortization expense in our consolidated statements of income. The interest expense related to finance leases is recognized using the effective interest method based on the discount rate determined at lease commencement and is included within Interest expense in our consolidated statements of income.

SALESFORCE INC report:
estimated fair values, the Company recorded $851 million  of intangible assets and $3.4 billion  of goodwill. The majority of the goodwill balance associated with these business combinations is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations reflects the fair value of future billings of amounts that are contractually committed by acquired companies' existing customers as of the acquisition date. Customer contract assets are amortized over the corresponding contract terms. Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations at January 31, 2019  and January 31, 2018  were $121 million  and $159 million , respectively, which is included in “Other assets” on the consolidated  balance sheets. 
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets   acquired. Goodwill amounts are not amortized, but rather tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into U.S. dollars. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also, certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local 
currency denominated assets. Local currency loans in U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the U.S. are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange (losses) gains - net. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we recorded a foreign currency loss on net debt of $78 million versus a foreign currency gain on net debt for the year ended December 31, 2020 of $206 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile Net income to Cash used for operating activities in the line item "Foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. This adjustment is required as the gains and losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations. 
Investing: Cash provided by investing activities was $5,113 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to $1,813 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of $3,300 million. The increase was primarily due to higher net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables as well as proceeds from the sales of our United States interior grain elevators and oils facilities in Rotterdam and in Mexico, partially offset by increased net payments for investments for the year ended December 31, 2021.
