BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In Brazil, our retail edible oil brands include Soya , the leading consumer packaged vegetable oil brand, as well as Primor  and Salada . We are also a leading producer in the Brazilian margarine market with our brands Delicia  and Primor , as well as in mayonnaise with our Soya , Primor  and Salada  brands. We are also a leading supplier of shortenings to the food processor market. We also produce processed tomato and other staple food products, including sauces, condiments and seasonings in Brazil under several brand names. 
In the United States and Canada, we offer food manufacturers, bakeries and foodservice operators high quality solutions to fit their goals, such as delivering desired tastes and textures, or reducing trans-fats or saturated fats in their products. Our products include trans-fat free high oleic canola oil that is low in saturated fats and high oleic soybean oil that is highly stable and trans-fat free. We have also developed proprietary fiber addition processes that allow bakery and food processor customers to achieve significant reductions in saturated fats in shortenings. We also offer expeller pressed and physically refined oils to food service customers under the brand Whole Harvest  and produce margarines and buttery spreads, including our leading brand Country Premium , for food service, food processor and retail private label customers. The Bunge Loders Croklaan product line also includes a variety of products for bakery and confectionary customers. 
In Europe, we are a leader in consumer packaged vegetable oils, which are sold in various geographies under brand names including Venusz , Floriol , Kujawski , Olek , Unisol , Ideal , Oleina , Maslenitsa , Oliwier , Salat   Rozumnitsa  and Komili , and a leader in margarines, including our brand names Smakowita , Maslo   Rosline , Masmix , Optima , Deli   Reform , Keiju , Evesol , Linco , Gottgott , Suvela  and Finuu . We are also a significant B2B oils supplier in the Western European foodservice channel. In addition, the Bunge Loders Croklaan product line also includes a variety of products for the confectionary and bakery industries.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue Recognition - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations. We enter into contracts with our customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, we have generally concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct. 
We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The SSP is the price at which we would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We determine SSP by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and volume of our transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, our go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. In instances where we do not sell or price a product or service separately, we determine the estimated standalone selling price using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2019, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $ 68 million of tax expense resulting from tax legislation enacted in the fourth quarter of 2019 in India. In 2018, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $ 98 million of net tax expense related to the settlement of Abbott’s 2014-2016 federal income tax audit in the U.S., partial settlement of the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group’s 2014 and 2015 federal income tax returns in the U.S. and audit settlements in various countries. In 2017, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $ 435 million of tax expense related to the gain on the sale of the AMO business.
Undistributed foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable. In the U.S., Abbott’s federal income tax returns through 2016 are settled except for the federal income tax returns of the former Alere consolidated group which are settled through 2015 and the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group which are settled through 2013. There are numerous other income tax jurisdictions for which tax returns are not yet settled, none of which are individually significant. Reserves for interest and penalties are not significant.
The following table summarizes the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits without regard to reduction in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such unrecognized tax benefits were settled:
