ALLSTATE CORP report:
In connection with the issuance of the Debentures, the Company entered into a replacement capital covenant (“RCC”). This covenant was not intended for the benefit of the holders of the Debentures and could not be enforced by them. Rather, it was for the benefit of holders of one or more other designated series of the Company’s indebtedness (“covered debt”), currently the 5.75%  Subordinated Debentures due 2053. Pursuant to the RCC, the Company has agreed that it will not repay, redeem, or purchase the Debentures on or before May 15, 2067 (or such earlier date on which the RCC terminates by its terms) unless, subject to certain limitations, the Company has received net cash proceeds in specified amounts from the sale of common stock or certain other qualifying securities. The promises and covenants contained in the RCC will not apply if (i) S&P upgrades the Company’s issuer credit rating to A or above, (ii) the Company redeems the Debentures due to a tax event, (iii) after notice of redemption has been given by the Company and a market disruption event occurs preventing the Company from raising proceeds in accordance with the RCC, or (iv) the Company repurchases or redeems up to 10%  of the outstanding principal of the Debentures in any one -year period, provided that no more than 25%  will be so repurchased, redeemed or purchased in any ten -year period. 
The RCC terminates in 2067. The RCC will terminate prior to its scheduled termination date if (i) the Debentures are no longer outstanding and the Company has fulfilled its obligations under the RCC or it is no longer applicable, (ii) the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding principal amount of the then-effective series of covered debt consent to agree to the termination of the RCC, (iii) the Company does not have any series of outstanding debt that is eligible to be treated as covered debt under the RCC, (iv) the Debentures are accelerated as a result of an event of default, (v) certain rating agency or change in control events occur, (vi) S&P, or any successor thereto, no longer assigns a solicited rating on senior debt issued or guaranteed by the Company, or (vii) the termination of the RCC would have no effect on the equity credit provided by S&P with respect to the Debentures. An event of default, as defined by the supplemental 
To manage short-term liquidity, the Company maintains a commercial paper program and a credit facility as a potential source of funds. These include a $1.00 billion  unsecured revolving credit facility and a commercial paper program with a borrowing limit of $1.00 billion . In April 2016, the Company extended the maturity date of the facility to April 2021. This facility contains an increase provision that would allow up to an additional $500 million  of borrowing. This facility has a financial covenant requiring the Company not to exceed a 37.5%  debt to capitalization ratio as defined in the agreement. Although the right to borrow under the facility is not subject to a minimum rating requirement, the costs of maintaining the facility and borrowing under it are based on the ratings of the Company’s senior unsecured, unguaranteed long-term debt. The total amount outstanding at any point in time under the combination of the commercial paper program and the credit facility cannot exceed the amount that can be borrowed under the credit facility. No  amounts were outstanding under the credit facility as of December 31, 2018  or 2017 . The Company had no  commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2018  or 2017 .

SALESFORCE INC report:
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers. The Salesforce Customer Data Platform connects customer data so any team can access insights into how a customer interacts across various platforms. 
Commerce. Our Commerce offering empowers brands to unify the customer experience across many points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. Through personalized shopping experiences and a robust partner ecosystem, our Commerce offering helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, loyalty and revenue from their customers. Our Commerce offering also delivers click-to-code tools that provide customers with the ability to choose how they build and deploy our solutions quickly around their customers as markets, industries and customers change. 
Analytics . Our Analytics offering, including Tableau, provides customers an advanced, end-to-end analytics solution serving a broad range of enterprise use cases. Analytics offers customers intelligent analytics capabilities to better understand their business data. By providing self-service data preparation and analytical technology to customers, Analytics is designed to improve our customers' decision-making and allow customers to take action from any device.

BOEING CO report:
Global Trade We continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements or sanctions that may impact the Company. 
The current state of U.S.-China relations remains an ongoing watch item. Since 2018, the U.S. and China have imposed tariffs on each other’s imports. Certain aircraft parts and components that Boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. We are mitigating import costs through Duty Drawback Customs procedures. China is a significant market for commercial aircraft. Boeing has long-standing relationships with our Chinese customers, who represent a key component of our commercial aircraft backlog. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship remains stalled as economic and national security concerns continue to be a challenge. 
Beginning in June 2018, the U.S. Government imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. In response to these tariffs, several major U.S. trading partners have imposed, or announced their intention to impose, tariffs on U.S. goods. The U.S. has subsequently reached agreements with Mexico, Canada, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and Japan to ease or remove tariffs on steel and/or aluminum. We continue to monitor the potential for any extra costs that may result from the remaining global tariffs.
