ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the EU, medical devices are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which had been governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) which replaced the existing directives in the EU for medical devices and imposes additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. The MDR applies to manufacturers as of May 26, 2021 after a four-year transition period. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the MDR.
Some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to CE marking of the device. For other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the CE mark to the product. Outside the U.S. and the EU, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions.
After approval and commercial launch of some medical devices, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Brexit . On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom began the withdrawal process from the European Union under a E.U. and U.K. Parliament approved Withdrawal Agreement. During a transition period scheduled to end on December 31, 2020, the U.K. effectively remained in the E.U.’s customs union and single market while a new trade deal with the E.U. was negotiated. On December 24, 2020, both sides reached an agreement on a new trade arrangement that became effective on January 1, 2021. Main trade provisions include the continuation of no tariffs or quotas on trade between the U.K. and E.U. so long as we meet prescribed trade terms. We will also need to meet product and labeling standards for both the U.K. and E.U. and we have already begun to introduce these changes gradually. The U.K. may also set its own trade policies with countries such as the United States, Australia and New Zealand that currently do not have free trade agreements with the E.U. Cross-border trade between the U.K. and E.U. will be subject to new customs regulations, documentation and reviews. We have been taking protective measures to limit disruptions to our supply chain and sales to limit potential negative impacts on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We continue to increase our resources in customer service & logistics as well as in our factories and on our customs support teams. We are adapting our systems and processes for new and increased customs transactions. We continue to enhance resilience plans to aid in dealing with anticipated border delays. We are working to address new regulatory requirements such as packaging changes. Also, we continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the U.K. Any disagreements on trade terms or supply chain or distribution delays or other disruptions could negatively affect our U.K. business. In 2020, we generated 9.0 % of our net revenues in the U.K. 
Other Countries . Since we sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries, we monitor economic and currency-related risks and seek to take protective measures in response to these exposures. Some of the countries in which we do business have recently experienced periods of significant economic uncertainty and exchange rate volatility, including Brazil, China, Mexico, Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Egypt, Nigeria, South Africa and Pakistan. We continue to monitor operations, currencies and net monetary exposures in these countries. At this time, we do not anticipate that these countries are at risk of becoming highly inflationary economies. 
Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits with banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. We also had restricted cash within other current assets of $ 31 million as of December 31, 2020 and $ 37 million as of December 31, 2019. Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash was $ 3,650 million as of December 31, 2020 and $ 1,328 million as of December 31, 2019.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We provide EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income available to common shareholders and Free cash flow as supplemental measures to GAAP financial measures regarding our operating performance and liquidity. These non-GAAP financial measures, as defined above, exclude the impact of certain items and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
We believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide meaningful supplemental information about our operating performance because they exclude amounts that we do not consider part of our core operating results when assessing our performance. 
We believe that Adjusted net income available to common shareholders is a useful measure of operating performance for both management and investors because it excludes items that are not reflective of our core operating performance and provides an additional view of our operating performance including depreciation, interest expense, income taxes and Series A convertible preferred stock dividends on a consistent basis from period to period. We believe that Adjusted net income available to common shareholders may be used by investors, analysts and other interested parties to facilitate period-over-period comparisons and provides additional clarity as to how factors and trends impact our operating performance.
