SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts with financial institutions to reduce foreign exchange risk. The Company uses forward currency derivative contracts to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar. The Company’s foreign currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as hedging instruments, are used to reduce the exchange rate risk associated primarily with intercompany receivables and payables. The Company’s derivative financial instruments program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes. As of January 31, 2019  and January 31, 2018 , the outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts were recorded at fair value on the consolidated  balance sheets. 
Foreign currency derivative contracts are marked-to-market at the end of each reporting period with gains and losses recognized as other expense to offset the gains or losses resulting from the settlement or remeasurement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the obligations of the Company to the counterparties. 
The Company measures its cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts at fair value. In addition, the Company measures its strategic investments, including its publicly held equity securities, privately held debt securities and privately held equity securities for which there has been an observable price change in a same or similar security, at fair value. The additional disclosures regarding the Company’s fair value measurements are included in Note 5 “Fair Value Measurement.”

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Residential Fixed Services . We provide residential fixed connectivity solutions to customers over our 100% fiber-optic network under the Fios brand, and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. During 2018, we commercially launched fifth-generation (5G) wireless technology for the home (5G Home) on proprietary standards in four U.S. markets and on global standards in a fifth market in 2019. 
We offer residential fixed services tailored to the needs of our customers. Depending on those needs at a particular time, our services may include features related to, among other things: Internet access at different speed tiers using fiber-optic, copper or wireless technology; video services that may feature a variety of channel options, video on demand products, cloud-based services and digital video recording capabilities; over-the-top video services; and voice services. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, our Business segment provides communications products and enhanced services, including video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT products and services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
the EU. Consistent with the U.S.-EU Covered Agreement (the “Agreement”) signed in 2017, Treasury and the USTR also issued a policy statement regarding implementation of the Agreement affirming the role that state insurance regulators play as the primary supervisors of the U.S. insurance industry. The Agreement will become effective once U.S. and UK governments exchange written notifications that they have completed all domestic internal requirements and procedures. This is anticipated to occur when the UK is no longer covered by the Agreement following the UK withdrawal from the EU. 
Division Statute. On November 27, 2018, the Illinois General Assembly passed legislation authorizing a statute that makes available a process by which a domestic insurance company may divide into two or more domestic insurance companies. The statute, which became effective January 1, 2019, can be used to divide continuing blocks of insurance business from insurance business no longer marketed, or otherwise has been discontinued, into separate companies with separate capital. The statute can also be used for sale to a third party or to manage risks associated with indemnification programs. Before a plan of division can be effected it must be approved according to the organizational documents of the dividing insurer and submitted for approval by the Illinois Department of Insurance. 
Privacy Regulation and Data Security. Federal law and the laws of many states require financial institutions to protect the security and confidentiality of consumer information and to notify consumers about their policies and practices relating to collection, use, and disclosure of consumer information and their policies relating to protecting the security and confidentiality of that information. Federal law and the laws of many states also regulate disclosures and disposal of consumer information. Congress, state legislatures, and regulatory authorities are expected to consider additional regulation relating to privacy and other aspects of consumer information.
