WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As described in Note 2, we generate advertising revenues primarily from advertising sold on our television networks and websites and distribution revenues from fees charged to distributors of its network content, which include cable, direct-to-home satellite, telecommunications and digital service providers and bundled long-term content arrangements, as well as through DTC subscription services. 
Revenue contracts with our advertising customers may include multiple distinct performance obligations. For example, linear and digital advertising contracts may include the airing of spots and/or the satisfaction of an audience guarantee. For such contracts, judgment is required in allocating the contract value to the individual performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices. Various factors such as prior transactions, rate cards and other market indicators are used to determine the standalone selling price of each performance obligation and accordingly, how much revenue is allocated to each performance obligation. For these contracts, revenue recorded when each performance obligation has been satisfied and value has been transferred to the customer. 
A substantial portion of the advertising contracts in the U.S. and certain international markets guarantee the advertiser a minimum audience level that either the program in which their advertisements are aired or the advertisement will reach. These advertising campaigns are considered to represent a single, distinct performance obligation. For such contracts, judgement is required in measuring progress across the Company’s single performance obligation. Various factors such as pricing specific to the channel, daypart and targeted demographic, as well as estimated audience guarantees, are considered in determining how to appropriately measure progress across the campaigns. Revenues are ultimately recognized based on the audience level delivered multiplied by the average price per impression.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Rover Pipeline is a large diameter pipeline which transports natural gas from processing plants in West Virginia, Eastern Ohio and Western Pennsylvania for delivery to other pipeline interconnects in Ohio and Michigan, where the gas is delivered for distribution to markets across the United States, as well as to Ontario, Canada. 
• Midcontinent Express Pipeline originates near Bennington, Oklahoma and traverses northern Louisiana and central Mississippi to an interconnect with the Transcontinental Gas Pipeline system in Butler, Alabama. The Midcontinent Express Pipeline is owned by a 50/50 joint venture with Kinder Morgan, Inc., the operator of the system. 
• EGT provides natural gas transportation and storage services to customers in Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri and Kansas. EGT has two underground storage facilities in Oklahoma and one underground natural gas storage facility in Louisiana. Through numerous pipeline interconnections along the system and at the Perryville Hub, EGT customers have access to the Midwest and Northeast markets, as well as most of the major natural gas consuming markets east of the Mississippi River.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
(1) Represents scheduled future maturities of our current and long-term debt principal obligations. For information regarding our consolidated debt obligations, see Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
(2) Es timated cash payments for interest are based on the principal amount of our consolidated debt obligations outstanding at December 31, 2018, the contractually scheduled maturities of such balances, and the applicable interest rates. Our estimated cash payments for interest are significantly influenced by the long-term maturities of our $2.67 billion in junior subordinated notes (due June 2067 through February 2078). Our estimated cash payments for interest assume that these subordinated notes are not repaid prior to their respective maturity dates. Our estimated cash payments for interest with respect to each junior subordinated note are based on either the current fixed interest rate charged or the weighted-average variable rate paid in 2018, as applicable, for each note applied to the remaining term through the respective maturity date. 
(3) Primarily represents land held pursuant to property leases, leases of underground salt dome caverns for the storage of natural gas and NGLs, the lease of transportation equipment used in our operations and office space with affiliates of EPCO.
