ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Our NGL operations transport, store and execute acquisition and marketing activities utilizing a complementary network of pipelines, storage and blending facilities, and strategic off-take locations that provide access to multiple NGL markets. 
other NGL storage assets, located at our Cedar Bayou and Hattiesburg storage facilities, and our Nederland, Marcus Hook and Inkster NGL terminals with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 13 MMBbls . 
 We are currently constructing a seventh fractionator, which went into operation in the first quarter of 2020, and an eighth fractionator, which we expect to be operational in the second quarter of 2021, at our Mont Belvieu facility. In addition, we are constructing an expansion to the Lone Star Express pipeline, which is expected to be in service early in the fourth quarter of 2020. The NGL pipelines primarily transport NGLs from the Permian and Delaware basins and the Barnett and Eagle Ford Shales to Mont Belvieu.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The restricted stock, which upon vesting entitles the holder to one share of common stock for each share of restricted stock, has an exercise price of $0.001  per share, which is equal to the par value of the Company’s common stock, and generally vests over four years . The total fair value of shares vested during fiscal 2019 , 2018  and 2017 was $1.1 billion , $953 million  and $640 million  respectively. 
During fiscal years 2019 , 2018  and 2017 , certain board members received stock grants totaling 39,350 , 57,832  and 62,632  shares of common stock, respectively for board services pursuant to the terms described in the 2013 Plan and previously, the 2004 Outside Directors Stock Plan. The expense related to these awards, which was expensed immediately at the time of the issuance, totaled $5 million  for each year in fiscal 2019 , 2018  and 2017 , respectively. 
The Company’s board of directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000  shares of preferred stock in one or more series. The Company’s board of directors may designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms, and number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on the Company’s common stock, diluting the voting power of its common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of its common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. As of January 31, 2019  and 2018 , no  shares of preferred stock were outstanding.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company has agreements to receive funds from vendors for discounts and a variety of other programs. These programs are evidenced by signed agreements that are reflected in the carrying value of the inventory when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning the rebate or discount, and as a component of merchandise costs as the merchandise is sold. Other vendor consideration is generally recorded as a reduction of merchandise costs upon completion of contractual milestones, terms of the related agreement, or by another systematic approach. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and workers’ compensation costs for warehouse employees (other than fresh foods departments and certain ancillary businesses which are reflected in merchandise costs) as well as all regional and home office employees, including buying personnel. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include substantially all building and equipment depreciation, stock compensation expense, credit and debit card processing fees, utilities, as well as other operating costs incurred to support warehouse and e-commerce website operations. 
The Company's 401(k) retirement plan is available to all U.S. employees over the age of 18 who have completed 90 days of employment. The plan allows participants to make wage deferral contributions, a portion of which the Company matches. In addition, the Company provides each eligible participant an annual discretionary contribution. The Company also has a defined contribution plan for Canadian employees and contributes a percentage of each employee's wages. Certain subsidiaries in the Company's Other International operations have defined benefit and defined contribution plans that are not material. Amounts expensed under all plans were $ 676 , $ 614 , and $ 578 for 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively, and are predominantly included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income.
