US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We purchase from approximately 6,000 individual suppliers, none of which accounted for more than 5% of our aggregate purchases in fiscal year 2022. Our suppliers generally are large corporations selling national brand name and private brand products. Additionally, regional and local suppliers support targeted geographic initiatives and private label programs requiring regional and local distribution. 
As a manufacturer, processor, marketer, distributor and seller of food and non-food products, we are subject to various laws and regulations. A summary of some of these laws and regulations is provided below. 
We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the manufacturing, processing, handling, storage, transportation, sale, advertising and labeling of food products, including the applicable provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, Bioterrorism Act, Food Safety Modernization Act, Federal Meat Inspection Act, Poultry Products Inspection Act, Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, Country of Origin Labeling Act, regulations issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (“USDA”), and other federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to our operations and products that could restrict the sale of certain products or result in enforcement actions by federal, state and local government agencies under applicable standards.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.
The carrying values and fair values of certain financial instruments as of December 31 are shown in the table below. The carrying values of all other financial instruments approximate their estimated fair values. The counterparties to financial instruments consist of select major international financial institutions. Abbott does not expect any losses from nonperformance by these counterparties.
The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts is determined using a market approach, which utilizes values for comparable derivative instruments. The fair value of the debt was determined based on the face value of the debt adjusted for the fair value of the interest rate swaps, which is based on a discounted cash flow analysis using significant other observable inputs.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We record derivative financial instruments on a gross basis and at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets within other current assets or other current liabilities due to their relatively short-term duration. Cash flows related to the settlement of derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges of foreign operations are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows within investing activities. All other cash flows related to derivative instruments that are designated, and those that are economic hedges, are classified in the same line item as the cash flows of the related hedged item, which is generally within operating activities. Cash flows related to the settlement of all other free-standing derivative instruments are classified within investing activities. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a cash flow hedge, to the extent that the hedge is effective, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) and reclassified to earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Changes in fair value of economic hedges and the ineffective portion of all hedges are recognized in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a fair value hedge, along with the changes in the fair value of the related hedged asset or liability, are recorded in earnings in the same period. We use non-U.S. dollar denominated debt to hedge a portion of our net investment in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. Currency movements related to our non-U.S. debt and our net investments in non-U.S. operations, as well as the related deferred taxes, are recorded within currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses). 
In order to qualify for hedge accounting, a specified level of hedging effectiveness between the derivative instrument and the item being hedged must exist at inception and throughout the hedged period. We must also formally document the nature of and relationship between the derivative and the hedged item, as well as our risk management objectives, strategies for undertaking the hedge transaction and method of assessing hedge effectiveness. Additionally, for a hedge of a forecasted transaction, the significant characteristics and expected term of the forecasted transaction must be specifically identified, and it must be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur. If it is no longer probable that the hedged forecasted transaction will occur, we would recognize the gain or loss related to the derivative in earnings. 
When we use derivatives, we are exposed to credit and market risks. Credit risk exists when a counterparty to a derivative contract might fail to fulfill its performance obligations under the contract. We reduce our credit risk by entering into transactions with counterparties with high quality, investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure with each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition of our counterparties. We also maintain a policy of requiring that all significant, non-exchange traded derivative contracts with a duration of one year or longer are governed by an International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreement. Market risk exists when the value of a derivative or other financial instrument might be adversely affected by changes in market conditions and commodity prices, currency exchange rates or interest rates. We manage derivative market risk by limiting the types of derivative instruments and derivative strategies we use and the degree of market risk that we plan to hedge through the use of derivative instruments.
