MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We continue to observe significant market uncertainty, increasing inflationary pressures, supply constraints, exchange rate volatility as well as ongoing effects from the COVID-19 pandemic. Throughout the pandemic, we experienced an overall increase in demand and revenue growth as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption in some markets, while parts of our business were negatively affected by related lockdowns and restrictions. Additionally, global supply chain, transportation and labor issues escalated and we experienced significantly higher operating costs, including higher overall raw material, transportation, labor and energy costs that have continued to rise. 
Our overall outlook for future snacks revenue growth remains strong; however, we anticipate ongoing volatility in response to COVID-related risks and supply chain issues, including labor and transportation constraints. We will continue to proactively manage our business in response to the evolving global economic environment and related uncertainty and business risks while also prioritizing and supporting our employees and customers. We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology and assets. 
In February 2022, Russia began a military invasion of Ukraine. For the safety of our employees, we stopped production and closed our facilities in Ukraine; since then we have been gradually restoring operations, continuing to take steps to protect the safety of our employees and partially re-opening our two plants. We are providing all of our employees with compensation and with help in securing shelter in neighboring countries, where required and needed. We have also made cash and in-kind donations to several humanitarian aid organizations in the region.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We had entered into $268 million of letters of credit, primarily in favor of certain commercial insurers to secure obligations with respect to our insurance programs, under the ABL Facility as of January 1, 2022. 
Except as disclosed above, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that currently have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
Except as otherwise set forth, we have prepared the financial information in this Annual Report in accordance with GAAP. Preparing these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during these reporting periods. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our most critical accounting policies and estimates pertain to the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, vendor consideration and income taxes.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Taxes on earnings from continuing operations reflect the annual effective rates, including charges for interest and penalties. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax consequences on future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) was enacted in the U.S. on December 22, 2017. The TCJA reduces the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax 
on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. As of December 31, 2018, Abbott has completed its accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the TCJA. If additional regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury after December 31, 2018 result in a change in judgment, the effect of such regulations will be accounted for in the period in which the regulations are finalized.
