SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings. Contract assets were $ 648 million as of January 31, 2023 as compared to $ 587 million as of January 31, 2022, and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and deferred tax assets and other assets, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The unearned revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. The unearned revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter. 
The change in unearned revenue was as follows (in millions):

BOEING CO report:
Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost, including applicable construction-period interest, less accumulated depreciation and are depreciated principally over the following estimated useful lives: new buildings and land improvements, from 10 to 40 years; and new machinery and equipment, from 4 to 20 years. The principal methods of depreciation are as follows: buildings and land improvements, 150% declining balance; and machinery and equipment, sum-of-the-years’ digits. Capitalized internal use software is included in Other assets and amortized using the straight line method over 5 years. Capitalized software as a service is included in Other assets and amortized using the straight line method over the term of the hosting arrangement which is typically no greater than 10 years. We periodically evaluate the appropriateness of remaining depreciable lives assigned to long-lived assets, including assets that may be subject to a management plan for disposition. 
Long-lived assets held for sale are stated at the lower of cost or fair value less cost to sell. Long-lived assets held for use are subject to an impairment assessment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the carrying value is no longer recoverable based upon the undiscounted future cash flows of the asset, the amount of the impairment is the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset. 
Leases We determine if an arrangement is, or contains, a lease at the inception date. Operating leases are included in Other assets, with the related liabilities included in Accrued liabilities and Other long-term liabilities. Assets under finance leases, which primarily represent computer equipment, are included in Property, plant and equipment, net, with the related liabilities included in Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
– Comparing the Company’s prior year assumptions of expected development and ultimate loss to actual losses incurred during the year to assess the reasonableness of those assumptions, including consideration of potential bias, in the determination of the reserve for property and casualty claims and claims expense. 
– With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we developed independent estimates for the reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense, particularly related to those with payout requirements over a longer period of time, utilizing loss data and industry claim development factors, and compared our estimates to management’s estimates. 
The Company completed the acquisition of National General Holdings Corp. (“National General”) on January 4, 2021 for approximately $4 billion in cash. The Company accounted for the acquisition of National General under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including distribution and customer relationship intangible assets of $795 million. Management estimated the fair value of such intangible assets using an income approach that considered cash flows expected to be generated by the acquired relationships, a weighted-average cost of capital discount rate reflecting the relative risk of achieving the anticipated cash flows, profits, the time value of money and other relevant inputs, which required management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in the assumptions could impact the amount allocated to acquired intangible assets and ultimately the amount recorded as goodwill.
