ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of segment gross operating margin for us. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold.
Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to certain risks. For information regarding such risks, see “ Risk Factors ” included under Part I, Item 1A of this annual report. In addition, our business activities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing a wide variety of topics, including commercial, operational, environmental, safety and other matters. For a discussion of the principal effects of such laws and regulations on our business activities, see “ Regulatory Matters ” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion.
For detailed financial information regarding our business segments, including major customer information, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Margin improvement continued to be a key focus for the Diagnostics business in 2018 and 2017. While operating margins of 24.9 percent of sales in 2018 have remained relatively unchanged from the 24.8 percent of sales reported in 2016, this reflects dilution to the operating margin profit from the 
In Abbott's worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by demographics such as an aging population and an increasing rate of chronic disease in developed markets and the rise of a middle class in many emerging markets, as well as by numerous new product introductions that leveraged Abbott's strong brands. In 2018, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, the nutritional business experienced above-market growth in the worldwide pediatric business driven by market leading brands Similac® and Pedialyte® in the U.S. as well as growth across several markets in Asia. Worldwide, adult nutrition sales increased in 2018 led by the growth of Ensure®, Abbott's market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna®, Abbott's market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand. 
In 2017, the nutritionals business experienced growth in the U.S. driven by above-market performance in Abbott's infant and toddler brands. Internationally, 2017 sales growth in China and India was partially offset by challenging market conditions in the infant formula market in various emerging markets. With respect to the profitability of the nutritional products business, manufacturing and distribution process changes, as well as other cost reductions, drove margin improvements across the business over the last three years although such improvements were offset by inflation on commodity costs. The decrease in operating margins for this business from 24.1 percent of sales in 2016 to 22.9 percent in 2018 was primarily due to negative impact of foreign exchange.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our typical subscription contract term is 12 to 36 months, although terms range from one to 60 months, so during any fiscal reporting period only a subset of active subscription contracts is eligible for renewal. We calculate our attrition rate as of the end of each month. Our attrition rate, including the Marketing Cloud service offering but excluding our Commerce Cloud service offering and integration service offering, was less than ten percent as of January 31, 2019 . While it is difficult to predict, we expect our attrition rate to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. 
We expect marketing and sales costs, which were 46 percent , 44 percent  and 45 percent  of total revenues for fiscal 2019 , 2018 and 2017, respectively, to continue to represent a substantial portion of total revenues in the future as we seek to grow our customer base, sell more products to existing customers, and continue to build greater brand awareness. 
During the year, we acquired MuleSoft, an industry-leading integration platform, to provide our customers the ability to integrate data across platforms. The financial results of MuleSoft are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The total purchase price for MuleSoft was approximately $6.4 billion .
