WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
(a) Amount relates to the Company's MTG joint venture. The joint venture was effected via DCL's contribution of the Velocity network to a newly formed entity, MTG, which is a non-guarantor subsidiary of the Company and is reflected as a non-cash contribution in the condensed consolidating financial statements. (See Note 26.) 
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into transactions with related parties. Related parties include entities that share common directorship, such as Liberty Global plc (“Liberty Global”), Liberty Broadband Corporation ("Liberty Broadband") and their subsidiaries and equity method investees (together the “Liberty Group”). Discovery’s Board of Directors includes Mr. Malone, who is Chairman of the Board of Liberty Global and beneficially owns approximately 30 % of the aggregate voting power with respect to the election of directors of Liberty Global. Mr. Malone is also Chairman of the Board of Liberty Broadband and beneficially owns approximately 48 % of the aggregate voting power with respect to the election of directors of Liberty Broadband. The majority of the revenue earned from the Liberty Group relates to multi-year network distribution arrangements. Related party transactions also include revenues and expenses for content and services provided to or acquired from equity method investees or minority partners of consolidated subsidiaries. 
(a) Amount relates to a note receivable with UKTV, an equity method investee acquired in conjunction with the acquisition of Scripps Networks. In June 2019, the Company and BBC dissolved their 50/50 joint venture in UKTV. (See Note 3.)

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
With respect to commodity prices, natural gas prices have remained comparatively low in recent months as associated gas from shale oil resources has provided additional supply to the market, increasing domestic supply to highs above 100 Bcf/d. Global oil and natural gas demand growth is likely to continue into the foreseeable future and will support U.S. production increases and, in turn U.S. natural gas export projects to Mexico as well as LNG exports. 
For crude oil, new pipelines that came online during 2019 have resulted in Permian barrels now pricing closer to other regional hubs, which is a departure from the substantial discounts seen a year ago. These pipelines have enabled Permian producers to realize higher crude oil revenues, supporting continued growth in the region. Crude oil exports from the U.S. are continuing to increase as a result, providing additional opportunity for U.S. midstream sector growth. 
We report Segment Adjusted EBITDA and consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as measures of segment performance. We define Segment Adjusted EBITDA and consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as total Partnership earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization and other non-cash items, such as non-cash compensation expense, gains and losses on disposals of assets, the allowance for equity funds used during construction, unrealized gains and losses on commodity risk management activities, inventory valuation adjustments, non-cash impairment charges, losses on extinguishments of debt and other non-operating income or expense items. Segment Adjusted EBITDA and consolidated Adjusted EBITDA reflect amounts for unconsolidated affiliates based on the same recognition and measurement methods used to record equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates excludes the same items with respect to the unconsolidated affiliate as those excluded from the calculation of Segment Adjusted EBITDA and consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, such as interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization and other non-cash items. Although these amounts are excluded from Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates, such exclusion should not be understood to imply that we have control over the operations and resulting revenues and expenses of such affiliates. We do not control our unconsolidated affiliates; therefore, we do not control the earnings or cash flows of such affiliates. The use of Segment Adjusted EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates as an analytical tool should be limited accordingly.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our natural gas marketing activities decreased $51.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins (including the impact of hedging activities), which accounted for a $37.0 million decrease, and lower sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $14.1 million decrease.
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):
Gross operating margin from our propylene production facilities increased a combined $14.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower operating costs, which accounted for an $18.9 million increase, and higher exchange and storage fee revenues, which accounted for an additional $15.6 million increase, partially offset by lower propylene and associated by-product sales volumes, which accounted for a $23.6 million decrease. Propylene production volumes at these facilities decreased a combined 6 MBPD year-to-year (net to our interest). As refiners reduced their utilization rates in response to lower demand for refined products caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a decrease in the availability of refinery grade propylene feedstock used by our facilities to create polymer grade propylene. As a result, our propylene production volumes were reduced, with the largest impacts occurring in the second quarter of 2020.
