US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We have registered the trademarks US Foods ® , Food Fanatics ® , Chef’Store ® and Smart Foodservice ® as part of our overall brand strategy and our retail outlets. We have also registered or applied for trademark protection in the U.S. for our private brands. These trademarks and our private brands are widely recognized within the U.S. foodservice industry. Our U.S. trademarks are effective as long as they are in use and their registrations are properly maintained. We do not have any patents or licenses that are material to our business. 
We purchase from approximately 6,000 individual suppliers, none of which accounted for more than 5% of our aggregate purchases in fiscal year 2020. Our suppliers generally are large corporations selling national brand name and private brand products. Additionally, regional and local suppliers support targeted geographic initiatives and private label programs requiring regional and local distribution. 
We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the manufacturing, handling, storage, transportation, sale and labeling of food products, including the applicable provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, Bioterrorism Act, Food Safety Modernization Act, Federal Meat Inspection Act, Poultry Products Inspection Act, Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, Country of Origin Labeling Act, and regulations issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (“USDA”).

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. We have discussed the selection and disclosure of our critical accounting policies and estimates with our Audit Committee. The following is a review of our most significant assumptions and estimates. 
We test goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on July 1. We assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill reporting units. We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as significant changes in the organization occur. Annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. In our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit’s estimated fair value with its carrying value. We estimate a reporting unit’s fair value using a discounted cash flow method which incorporates planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. This year, for our Europe and North America reporting units, we used a market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 6.1% to discount the projected cash flows of those operations. For our Latin America and AMEA reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 9.1%. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans and industry and economic conditions based on available information. Given the uncertainty of the global economic environment and the impact of COVID-19, those estimates could be significantly different than future performance. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s net assets exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit fair value. 
In 2020, 2019 and 2018, there were no impairments of goodwill. In connection with our 2020 annual impairment testing, each of our reporting units had sufficient fair value in excess of carrying value. While all reporting units passed our annual impairment testing, if planned business performance expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then the estimated fair values of a reporting unit or reporting units might decline and lead to a goodwill impairment in the future.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Medical Devices — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Medical Devices segment.
Abbott’s underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment’s assets.
The following segment information has been prepared in accordance with the internal accounting policies of Abbott, as described above, and are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied to the consolidated financial statements.
