BOEING CO report:
The liabilities recorded represent our best estimate or the low end of a range of reasonably possible costs expected to be incurred to remediate sites, including operation and maintenance over periods of up to 30 years. It is reasonably possible that we may incur charges that exceed these recorded amounts because of regulatory agency orders and directives, changes in laws and/or regulations, higher than expected costs and/or the discovery of new or additional contamination. As part of our estimating process, we develop a range of reasonably possible alternate scenarios that includes the high end of a range of reasonably possible cost estimates for all remediation sites for which we have sufficient information based on our experience and existing laws and regulations. There are some potential remediation obligations where the costs of remediation cannot be reasonably estimated. At December 31, 2018 and 2017 , the high end of the estimated range of reasonably possible remediation costs exceeded our recorded liabilities by $ 796 and $ 868 . 
In conjunction with signing definitive agreements for the sale of new aircraft (Sale Aircraft), we have entered into trade-in commitments with certain customers that give them the right to trade in used aircraft at a specified price upon the purchase of Sale Aircraft. The probability that trade-in commitments will be exercised is determined by using both quantitative information from valuation sources and qualitative information from other sources. The probability of exercise is assessed quarterly, or as events trigger a change, and takes into consideration the current economic and airline industry environments. Trade-in commitments, which can be terminated by mutual consent with the customer, may be exercised only during the period specified in the agreement, and require advance notice by the customer. 
Trade-in commitment agreements at December 31, 2018 have expiration dates from 2019 through 2026 . At December 31, 2018 and 2017 , total contractual trade-in commitments were $ 1,519 and $ 1,462 . As of December 31, 2018 and 2017 , we estimated that it was probable we would be obligated to perform on certain of these commitments with net amounts payable to customers totaling $ 522 and $ 155 and the fair value of the related trade-in aircraft was $ 485 and $ 155 .

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. Property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of these assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. If it appears that the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss as a charge against results of operations. Our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. As we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets, changes in these factors could cause us to 
realize material impairment charges. We recorded impairment charges of $180 million for property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2019 , primarily related to portfolio rationalization initiatives. 
We are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in Brazil and non-income tax claims in Argentina, and have accrued our estimates of the probable costs to resolve these claims. These estimates have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. For more information on tax and labor claims in Brazil, see "Item 3. Legal Proceedings "

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Basic earnings per common share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, including vested unissued participating restricted stock units. Diluted earnings per common share is computed using the weighted average number of common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding. 
For the Company, dilutive potential common shares consist of outstanding stock options and unvested non-participating restricted stock units and contingently issuable performance stock awards. The effect of dilutive potential common shares does not include options with an anti-dilutive effect on earnings per common share because their exercise prices exceed the average market price of Allstate common shares during the period or for which the unrecognized compensation cost would have an anti-dilutive effect. 
Accounting for Leases Effective January 1, 2019 the Company adopted new Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance related to accounting for leases. Upon adoption of the guidance under the optional transition method that allows application of the transition provisions at the adoption date instead of the earliest period presented, the Company recorded a $ 585 million lease liability equal to the present value of lease payments and a $ 488 million ROU asset, which is the corresponding lease liability adjusted for qualifying accrued lease payments. The lease liability and ROU asset were reported as part of other liabilities and other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The impact of these changes at adoption had no impact on net income or shareholders’ equity. Prior periods were not restated under the new standard. The Company utilized the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance which, among other things, did not require reassessment of existing contracts for the existence of a lease or reassessment of existing lease classifications.
