BOEING CO report:
During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded a loss of $3.5 billion on the program primarily due to the additional rework, as well as other actions required to resume 787 deliveries, taking longer than 
The timing of the resumption of deliveries and future production rates will depend upon rework, ongoing customer and supplier engagement, production stability and our activities with the FAA. China is a significant market for the 787 program, and if the program is unable to obtain additional orders from China in future quarters, we may be required to further adjust production rate assumptions. If we are required to further reduce the accounting quantity and/or production rates, experience further delivery delays or experience other factors that result in lower margins, the program could record additional losses and higher abnormal production costs in future periods. 
Fleet Support We provide the operators of our commercial airplanes with assistance and services to facilitate efficient and safe airplane operation. Collectively known as fleet support services, these activities and services begin prior to airplane delivery and continue throughout the operational life of the airplane. They include flight and maintenance training, field service support, engineering services, information services and systems and technical data and documents. The costs for fleet support are expensed as incurred and have historically been approximately 1% of total consolidated costs of products and services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2021, approximately 1,570 of our pending claims have been reported to the MCCA, of which approximately 70% represents claims that occurred more than 5 years ago. There are 59 Allstate brand claims with reserves in excess of $15 million as of December 31, 2021, which comprise approximately 21% of the gross ending reserves in the table above. As a result, significant developments with a single claimant can result in volatility in prior year incurred claims. 
Intercompany reinsurance We enter into certain intercompany insurance and reinsurance transactions in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. These reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
Catastrophe reinsurance Our catastrophe reinsurance program is designed to address our exposure to catastrophes nationwide, utilizing our risk management methodology. Our program is designed to provide reinsurance protection for catastrophes resulting from multiple perils including hurricanes, windstorms, hail, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, and fires following earthquakes. These reinsurance agreements are part of our catastrophe management strategy, which is intended to provide our shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business, while providing protection to our customers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
