ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The primary federal law for crude oil spill liability is the OPA, which addresses three principal areas of crude oil pollution: prevention, containment and clean-up, and liability. The OPA applies to vessels, deepwater ports, offshore production platforms and onshore facilities, including terminals, pipelines and transfer facilities. In order to handle, store or transport crude oil above certain thresholds, onshore facilities are required to file oil spill response plans with the USCG, the DOT’s Office of Pipeline Safety (“OPS”) or the EPA, as appropriate. Numerous states have enacted laws similar to the OPA. Under the OPA and similar state laws, responsible parties for a regulated facility from which crude oil is discharged may be liable for remediation costs, including damage to surrounding natural resources. Any unpermitted release of petroleum or other pollutants from our pipelines or facilities could result in fines or penalties as well as significant remediation costs.
Contamination resulting from spills or releases of petroleum products is an inherent risk within the pipeline industry. To the extent that groundwater contamination requiring remediation exists along our pipeline systems or other facilities as a result of historical operations, we believe any such contamination could be controlled or remedied; however, such costs are site specific and there is no assurance that the impact will not be material in the aggregate.
Environmental groups have instituted lawsuits regarding certain nationwide permits issued by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. These permits allow for streamlined permitting of pipeline projects. If these lawsuits are successful, timelines for future pipeline construction projects could be adversely impacted.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our strategy is to provide our members with a broad range of high-quality merchandise at prices we believe are consistently lower than elsewhere. We seek to limit most items to fast-selling models, sizes, and colors. We carry less than 4,000 active stock keeping units (SKUs) per warehouse in our core warehouse business, significantly less than other broadline retailers. We average anywhere from 10,000 to 11,000 SKUs online, some of which are also available in our warehouses. Many consumable products are offered for sale in case, carton, or multiple-pack quantities only. 
In keeping with our policy of member satisfaction, we generally accept returns of merchandise. On certain electronic items, we typically have a 90-day return policy and provide, free of charge, technical support services, as well as an extended warranty. Additional third-party warranty coverage is sold on certain electronic items. 
• Non-Foods (including major appliances, electronics, health and beauty aids, hardware, garden and patio, sporting goods, tires, toys and seasonal, office supplies, automotive care, postage, tickets, apparel, small appliances, furniture, domestics, housewares, special order kiosk, and jewelry)

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In February 2018 , the FASB issued ASU 2018-02, which permits entities to reclassify tax effects stranded in accumulated other comprehensive income as a result of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA") to retained earnings for each period in which the effect of the change is recorded. The update also requires entities to disclose their accounting policy for releasing income tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income. The Company adopted ASU 2018-02 effective January 1, 2019 , which resulted in a reclassification of $ 30 million between accumulated other comprehensive loss and retained earnings on the consolidated balance sheet and the consolidated statement of equity. Tax effects unrelated to the TCJA are released from accumulated other comprehensive loss using either the specific identification approach or the portfolio approach based on the nature of the underlying item. 
In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12, which includes significant amendments that expand the eligibility for hedge accounting to more financial and nonfinancial hedging strategies. The guidance is intended to align hedge accounting with companies’ risk management strategies, simplify the application of hedge accounting, and increase transparency as to the scope and results of hedging programs. In addition, the guidance amends the presentation and disclosure requirements and changes how companies assess effectiveness. The Company early adopted the pronouncement on July 1, 2018. As a result, the Company changed the method by which it assesses effectiveness for net investment hedges from the forward-method to the spot-method. 
The Company believes the spot method better matches the spot rate changes of the net investment. Previous net losses of $ 87 million incurred under the forward method related to net investment hedges will remain in other comprehensive loss under the currency translation adjustments component and will be reclassified to earnings when the net investment is sold or liquidated. The adoption of ASU 2017-12 did not result in a material impact to our consolidated results of operations; however, the Company has expanded its disclosures of its derivative activities in Note 10.
