ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising, formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers’ products may increase competitive pressure. 
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes care products for people with diabetes, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. Medical devices are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, depending upon the product, medical devices are generally marketed and sold directly to wholesalers, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, physicians’ offices, and distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. 
• rhythm management products, including Assurity MRI ® and Endurity MRI ® pacemaker systems, and Aveir ® VR single-chamber VR leadless pacemaker system; Ellipse ® , Fortify Assura ® , and Gallant ® implantable cardioverter defibrillators and Gallant and Quadra Assura MP ® implantable cardioverter defibrillator with cardiac resynchronization therapy and MultiPoint™ Pacing technology; and Confirm Rx ® and Jot Dx ® implantable cardiac monitors;

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. Additionally, actions in various countries, particularly China and the United States, have affected the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. Higher tariffs could adversely impact our results. 
We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our warehouse operations. E-commerce sales growth slowed in 2022 compared to 2021 and 2020. 
The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our Executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our paid membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
statements of cash flows within investing activities. Cash flows related to derivative instruments that are designated or settled economic hedges are classified in the same line item as the cash flows of the related hedged item. Cash flows related to the settlement of all other free-standing derivative instruments are classified within investing activities. 
Commodity derivatives . We are exposed to price risk related to forecasted purchases of certain commodities that we primarily use as raw materials. We enter into commodity forward, futures and option contracts. Commodity forward contracts generally are not subject to the accounting requirements for derivative instruments and hedging activities under the normal purchases exception. We sell commodity futures to hedge future purchase commitments. We occasionally use related futures to cross-hedge a commodity exposure. We are not a party to leveraged derivatives and, by policy, do not use financial instruments for speculative purposes. Any mark-to-market gains or losses are recorded in earnings (see Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information). 
Currency exchange derivatives . We enter into currency exchange forward contracts, futures, options and swaps.to mitigate our exposure to changes in exchange rates from third-party and intercompany current and forecasted transactions. Any mark-to-market gains or losses are recorded in earnings (see Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information).
