ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Texas Gulf Coast Offshore Oil Terminal. We are in the planning stage of developing a crude oil export terminal located offshore along the Texas Gulf Coast. The terminal would be capable of fully loading VLCC marine tankers, which have capacities of approximately 2 MMBbls and provide the most efficient and cost-effective solution to export crude oil to the largest international markets in Asia and Europe. We started front-end engineering and design work for the terminal in 2018 and filed our application for regulatory permitting with the Maritime Administration (“MARAD”) in January 2019. Based on initial designs, the project would include onshore and offshore facilities capable of exporting crude oil at approximately 85,000 barrels per hour. A final investment decision for the project will be subject to the execution of long-term customer contracts and receiving state and federal permits. 
Corpus Christi Marine Terminal . We are joint owners of a marine crude oil terminal being constructed in Corpus Christi, Texas that will be capable of loading ocean-going vessels with either crude oil or condensate. Initial storage capacity of the terminal will be approximately 1.2 MMBbls. The facility will have access to production from both the Eagle Ford Shale and the Permian Basin through a connection with our Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System. The Corpus Christi marine terminal is expected to be placed into commercial service in the second quarter of 2019. Our 50% ownership interest in the terminal is held indirectly through our equity method investment in EF Terminals Corpus Christi LLC. 
Our crude oil marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of crude oil and condensate purchased either directly from producers or from others on the open market. The results of operations from our crude oil marketing activities are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between crude oil and condensate sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our assets. In general, sales prices referenced in the underlying contracts are market-based and include pricing differentials for factors such as delivery location or crude oil quality. We use derivative instruments to mitigate our exposure to commodity price risks associated with our crude oil marketing activities. For a discussion of our commodity hedging program, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value are classified in the following three categories:    Level 1 
Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. 
Equity securities include money market funds, investments in mutual funds held in separate trusts, which are owned as part of the Company’s supplemental retirement plans, and company-owned life insurance contracts. (See Note 16.) The fair value of Level 1 equity securities was determined by reference to the quoted market price per share in active markets multiplied by the number of shares held without consideration of transaction costs. The fair value of the deferred compensation plan liability was determined based on the fair value of the related investments elected by employees. Changes in the fair value of the investments are offset by changes in the fair value of the deferred compensation obligation. (See Note 16.) Company-owned life insurance contracts are recorded at their cash surrender value, which approximates fair value (Level 2).

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• The White Cliffs NGL pipeline, in which we have 51% ownership interest, transports mixed NGLs produced in the DJ Basin to Cushing, Oklahoma where it interconnects with the Southern Hills Pipeline to move NGLs to Mont Belvieu, Texas and has a throughput capacity of approximately 90 MBbls/d. 
• Our Mont Belvieu storage facility is an integrated liquids storage facility with approximately 58 MMBbls of salt dome capacity providing 100% fee-based cash flows. The Mont Belvieu storage facility has access to multiple NGL and refined products pipelines, the Houston Ship Channel trading hub, and numerous chemical plants, refineries and fractionators. We have an additional 8 MMBbls of salt dome capacity at our Spindletop facility which we acquired in March 2022, and is located in Beaumont, Texas. 
• ET Geismar Olefins consists of a refinery off-gas processing unit and an O-grade NGL fractionation / Refinery-Grade Propylene (“RGP”) splitting complex located along the Mississippi River refinery corridor in southern Louisiana. The off-gas processing unit cryogenically processes refinery off-gas, and the fractionation / RGP splitting complex fractionates the streams into higher value components. The O-grade fractionator and RGP splitting complex, located in Geismar, Louisiana, is connected by approximately 100 miles of pipeline to the Chalmette processing plant, which has a processing capacity of 54 MMcf/d.
