SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2022, we had 73,541 employees, of which approximately 55 percent were located in the United States and 45 percent were located internationally and approximately 36 percent identified as women, 64 percent identified as men and less than 1 percent identified as non-binary. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. 
Our ability to attract and retain the best talent is even more important as our employees adapt to a new normal with how and where we work. Maintaining a strong company culture, in a remote environment, and at a time of rapid growth in our workforce remains a priority throughout our human capital management programs. We have relied on our Success From Anywhere approach to help us effectively manage our workforce during this time and have continued to invest in equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives, development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 
Success from Anywhere provides employees three new ways of working: Office-Flexible, Home-Based, and Office-Based. We leverage Flex Team Agreements to empower teams to decide how, when, and where they work, including how many days a week they come into the office and what kind of work they will continue to do at home. Flex Team Agreements help us think through and provide clarity on what’s most important in how and where we show up, work, stay connected, and nurture our culture. As we return to the office, health and safety remain a top priority and we have leveraged our own tools, such as work.com and Dreampass, to allow our employees to come together safely.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Adjusted EBITDA Related to Unconsolidated Affiliates and Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Affiliates. See additional information in “Supplemental Information on Unconsolidated Affiliates” and “Segment Operation Results” below. 
Income Tax Expense. For the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the prior year, income tax expense increased due to an increase in income at our corporate subsidiaries and the recognition of a favorable state tax rate change in the prior period. 
(1) These amounts represent our proportionate share of the Adjusted EBITDA of our unconsolidated affiliates and are based on our equity in earnings or losses of our unconsolidated affiliates adjusted for our proportionate share of the unconsolidated affiliates’ interest, depreciation, depletion, amortization, non-cash items and taxes.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The preceding table shows the number of new common units issued to participants in the DRIP and EUPP during the two years ended December 31, 2019. A total of 2,801,196 additional common units were purchased on the open market in 2019 and delivered to participants in connection with the DRIP and EUPP. Other than amounts attributable to the plan discount available to all participants in the EUPP, the funds used to effect the open market purchases were sourced entirely from the DRIP and EUPP participants. No other partnership funds were used to satisfy these delivery obligations. We used open market purchases to fully satisfy DRIP and EUPP investments in connection with the distribution paid on February 12, 2020. After taking into account the number of common units delivered to participants under the DRIP and EUPP through December 31, 2019, we have the capacity to deliver an additional 56,320,229 and 4,596,585 common units, respectively, under these plans.
We have a registration statement on file with the SEC covering the issuance of up to $2.54 billion of our common units in amounts, at prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions and other factors at the time of such offerings in connection with our ATM program. Pursuant to this program, we may sell common units from time-to-time under an equity distribution agreement between EPD and certain broker-dealers by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions through the NYSE at market prices, in block transactions or as otherwise agreed to with the broker-dealer parties to the agreement. A fter taking into account the aggregate sales price of common units sold under the ATM program through December 31, 2019 , we have the capacity to issue additional common units under the ATM program up to an aggregate sales price of $2.54 billion. We did not issue any common units under the ATM program during the years ended December 31, 2019 or 2018. 
The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years indicated (dollars in millions). For additional information regarding our cash flow amounts, please refer to the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
