ALLSTATE CORP report:
Net costs for our defined benefit plans are recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and consist of two elements: 1) costs comprised of service and interest costs, expected return of plan assets and amortization of prior service credit which are reported in property and casualty claims and claims expense, operating costs and expenses, net investment income and, if applicable, restructuring charges and 2) remeasurement gains and losses comprised of changes in actuarial assumptions and the difference between actual and expected returns on plan assets which are recognized immediately in earnings as part of pension and other postretirement remeasurement gains and losses. 
We recognize expected returns on plan assets using an unadjusted fair value method. Our policy is to remeasure our pension and postretirement plans on a quarterly basis. We immediately recognize remeasurement of projected benefit obligation and plan assets in earnings as it provides greater transparency of our economic obligations in accounting results and better aligns the recognition of the effects of economic and interest rate changes on pension and other postretirement plan assets and liabilities in the year in which the gains and losses are incurred. 
D ifferences in actual experience or changes in assumptions affect our pension and other postretirement obligations, plan assets and expenses. The primary factors contributing to pension and postretirement remeasurement gains and losses are 1) changes in the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement obligations as of the measurement date, 2) differences between the expected and the actual return on plan assets, 3) changes in demographic assumptions, including mortality and participant experience.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Contracts for wireless services, with or without promotional credits that require maintenance of service, are generally either month-to-month and cancellable at any time, or considered to contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to thirty-six months (typically under a device payment plan), or contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to twenty-four months (typically under a fixed-term plan). Additionally, customers may incur charges based on usage or additional optional services purchased in conjunction with entering into a contract that can be cancelled at any time and therefore are not included in the transaction price. The transaction price allocated to service performance obligations, which are not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period, are generally related to contracts that are not accounted for as month-to-month contracts. 
Our Consumer group customers also include traditional wholesale resellers that purchase and resell wireless service under their own brands to their respective customers. Reseller arrangements generally include a stated contract term, which typically 
Consumer customer contracts for wireline services are generally month-to-month; however, they may have a service term of two years or shorter than twelve months . Certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services extend into future periods, contain fixed monthly fees and usage-based fees, and can include annual commitments in each year of the contract or commitments over the entire specified contract term; however, a significant number of contracts for wireline services with our Business customers have a contract term that is twelve months or less.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are recorded as a separate component on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income in the consolidated statement of operations for the period. All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. 
The Company’s enterprise cloud computing services are typically warranted to perform in a manner consistent with general industry standards that are reasonably applicable and materially in accordance with the Company’s online help documentation under normal use and circumstances.
