SALESFORCE INC report:
No single customer accounted for more than five percent of accounts receivable at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. No single customer accounted for five percent or more of total revenue during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, assets located outside the Americas were 15 percent and 13 percent of total assets, respectively. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, assets located in the United States were 83 percent and 86 percent of total assets, respectively. 
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio, including within specific industries, as the Company primarily invests in enterprise cloud companies, technology st artups and system integrators. As of January 31, 2023, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments portfolio and represented 16 percent of the portfolio in aggregate. As of January 31, 2022, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its strategic investment portfolio and represented 21 percent of the portfolio in aggregate. 
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: subscription and support revenues and professional services and other revenues. Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software license revenues from the sales of term and perpetual licenses and support revenues from the sales of support and updates beyond the basic subscription fees or related to the sales of software licenses. Professional services and other revenues include professional and advisory services for process mapping, project management and implementation services and training services.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. Our Business segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups targeted by these offerings: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale. 
Corporate and other includes the results of our media business, Verizon Media, and other businesses, investments in unconsolidated businesses, unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in segment results as these items are included in the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance. 
The reconciliation of segment operating revenues and expenses to consolidated operating revenues and expenses below includes the effects of special items that the chief operating decision maker does not consider in assessing segment performance, primarily because of their nature.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Long-term debt includes senior notes, senior debentures, subordinated debentures and junior subordinated debentures issued by the Corporation. Unamortized debt issuance costs and fair value adjustments are reported in long-term debt and are amortized over the expected period the debt will remain outstanding. 
The Company has equity incentive plans under which it grants nonqualified stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock awards (“equity awards”) to certain employees and directors of the Company. The Company measures the fair value of equity awards at the grant date and recognizes the expense over the shorter of the period in which the requisite service is rendered or retirement eligibility is attained. The expense for performance stock awards with no market condition is adjusted each period to reflect the performance factor most likely to be achieved at the end of the performance period. The expense for performance stock awards with a market condition is based on the fair value of the awards at the grant date which incorporates the probability of achieving the market condition. In the event the market condition is not met, any previously recognized expense is not reversed. The Company uses a binomial lattice model to determine the fair value of employee stock options. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of performance stock awards with market condition. 
The Company carries an allowance for expected credit losses for all financial assets measured at amortized cost on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The Company considers past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating an allowance for credit losses. The Company also carries a credit loss allowance for fixed income securities where applicable and, when amortized cost is reported, it is net of credit loss allowances. For additional information, refer to the Investments, Reinsurance, Indemnification or Recognition of premium revenues and contract charges, topics of this section.
