ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The EIA forecasts a reversal of this trend with a prediction that global crude oil and other liquids production will outpace consumption in 2022 and 2023, leading to a rise in global liquid fuels inventories. Their forecast shows global crude oil and other liquids consumption growing by a cumulative 5.4 MMBPD through 2023, while production is expected to grow by a cumulative 8.0 MMBPD through 2023. This is expected to cause a rise in global liquid fuels inventories by an average of 0.8 MMBPD in 2022 and 1.0 MMBPD in 2023, which is forecast to put downward pressure on crude oil prices. According to the EIA, Brent crude oil prices are forecasted to average $83 per barrel in 2022 before decreasing to $68 per barrel in 2023.
We acknowledge some uncertainties exist with respect to the forecasted increases in liquid fuels consumption levels due to the potential for continued supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, inflationary pressures and the potential for additional restrictions associated with COVID-19 containment measures should more contagious variants emerge. However, we are optimistic that these risks remain outweighed by the strength in the global economy, a seemingly widespread fatigue from COVID-19 related mobility and activity restrictions and the desire by the entire global population to improve their living conditions through the use of hydrocarbons for energy and materials.
We believe that these additional production and consumption trends, along with the associated increases in inventory levels, will create additional opportunities to provide midstream services to our customers while leveraging the strengths of our portfolio, which include:

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
100 35 — Hattiesburg Storage Facilities — — 5,200 Cedar Bayou — — 1,600 NGL Terminals: Nederland — — 1,900 Orbit Gulf Coast 70 — 1,200 Marcus Hook Terminal — 132 6,000 Inkster — — 860 Refined Products Pipelines: Eastern region pipelines 1,580 — — Midcontinent region pipelines 440 — — Southwest region pipelines 495 — — Inland Pipeline 580 — — JC Nolan Pipeline 500 — — Refined Products Terminals: Eagle Point — — 6,700 Marcus Hook Terminal — — 930 Marcus Hook Tank Farm — — 1,900 Marketing Terminals — — 7,700 JC Nolan Terminal — — 130 
• The Lone Star Express System is an interstate NGL pipeline consisting of 24-inch and 30-inch long-haul transportation pipeline, with throughput capacity of approximately 900 MBbls/d, that delivers mixed NGLs from processing plants in the Permian Basin, the Barnett Shale, and from East Texas to the Mont Belvieu NGL storage facility. 
• The West Texas Gateway Pipeline transports NGLs produced in the Permian and Delaware Basins and the Eagle Ford Shale to Mont Belvieu, Texas and has a throughput capacity of approximately 240 MBbls/d.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company has ownership and other interests in and contractual arrangements with various entities, including corporations, partnerships, and limited liability companies. For each such entity, the Company evaluates its ownership, other interests and contractual arrangements to determine whether it should consolidate the entity or account for its interest as an investment at inception and upon reconsideration events. As part of its evaluation, the Company initially determines whether the entity is a variable interest entity ("VIE"). Management evaluates key considerations through a qualitative and quantitative analysis in determining whether an entity is a VIE including whether (i) the entity has sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional financial support from other parties, (ii) the ability or inability to make significant decisions about the entity’s operations, and (iii) the proportionality of voting rights of investors relative to their obligations to absorb the expected losses (or receive the expected returns) of the entity. If the entity is a VIE and if the Company has a variable interest in the entity, the Company uses judgment in determining if it is the primary beneficiary and is thus required to consolidate the entity. In making this determination, the Company evaluates whether it or another party involved with the VIE (1) has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses of or receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. 
If it is concluded that an entity is not a VIE, the Company considers its proportional voting interests in the entity and consolidates majority-owned subsidiaries in which a controlling financial interest is maintained. A controlling financial interest is determined by majority ownership and the absence of substantive third-party participation rights. Key factors considered by the Company in determining the presence of substantive third-party participation rights include, but are not limited to, control of the board of directors, budget approval or veto rights, or operational rights that significantly impact the economic performance of the business such as programming, creative development, marketing, and selection of key personnel. Ownership interests in unconsolidated entities for which the Company has significant influence are accounted for as equity method. 
During 2018, we updated our revenue recognition policies in conjunction with our adoption of the new revenue recognition guidance as further described in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As described in Note 2, the Company generates advertising revenues primarily from advertising sold on its television networks and websites and distribution revenues from fees charged to distributors of its network content, which include cable, direct-to-home satellite, telecommunications and digital service providers and bundled long-term content arrangements, as well as through DTC subscription services..
