ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Subsequent to the Energy Transfer Merger in October 2018, substantially all of the Partnership’s cash flows are derived from distributions related to its investment in ETO, whose cash flows are derived from its subsidiaries, including ETO’s investments in Sunoco LP and USAC. 
The Parent Company’s primary cash requirements are for general and administrative expenses, debt service requirements and distributions to its partners. The Parent Company currently expects to fund its short-term needs for such items with cash flows from its direct and indirect investments in ETO. The Parent Company distributes its available cash remaining after satisfaction of the aforementioned cash requirements to its Unitholders on a quarterly basis. 
The Parent Company expects ETO and its respective subsidiaries and investments in Sunoco LP and USAC to utilize their resources, along with cash from their operations, to fund their announced growth capital expenditures and working capital needs; however, the Parent Company may issue debt or equity securities from time to time as it deems prudent to provide liquidity for new capital projects of its subsidiaries or for other partnership purposes.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for information regarding our quarterly cash distributions declared with respect to the years indicated.
Cash retained by the Partnership may be used for capital investments, debt service, working capital, operating expenses, common unit repurchases, commitments and contingencies and other amounts. The retention of cash reduces our reliance on the capital markets.
 • our Texas Western Products System, created by repurposing a portion of our Mid-America Pipeline System’s Rocky Mountain segment and adding westbound service to our Chaparral Pipeline business to transport refined products from the U.S. Gulf Coast to markets in West Texas, New Mexico, Colorado and Utah (fourth quarter of 2023);

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which requires lessees to recognize almost all of their leases on the balance sheet by recording a right-of-use asset and lease liability. The guidance also requires improved disclosures to help users of the financial statements better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The Company adopted ASU 2016-02 effective January 1, 2019 and elected to apply the guidance at the effective date without recasting the comparative periods presented. Additionally, the Company elected to apply practical expedients allowing it to not reassess: 1) whether any expired or existing contracts previously assessed as not containing leases are, or contain, leases; 2) the lease classification for any expired or existing leases; and 3) initial direct costs for any existing leases. The Company also elected to not separate lease components from non-lease components across all lease categories. Instead, each separate lease component and non-lease component are accounted for as a single lease component. The Company did not elect to apply the practical expedient to use hindsight in determining the lease term and in assessing the right-of-use assets for impairment. Additionally, the Company did not elect to apply the short-term lease scope exemption. 
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("Topic 606"), which updates numerous requirements in U.S. GAAP, eliminates industry-specific guidance, and provides companies with a single model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of Topic 606 is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also addresses the accounting for costs incurred as part of obtaining or fulfilling a contract with a customer by adding ASC Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs: Contracts with Customers, and requiring that costs of obtaining a contract be recognized as an asset and amortized as goods and services are transferred to the customer, as long as the costs are expected to be recovered. 
On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted Topic 606 using the modified retrospective method applied to contracts not completed as of January 1, 2018. Revenues do not include taxes collected from customers on behalf of taxing authorities such as sales tax and value-added tax. However, certain revenues include taxes that customers pay to taxing authorities on the Company’s behalf, such as foreign withholding tax.
