ALLSTATE CORP report:
and updates to mortality assumptions. The Company expects the most significant impacts will occur in the run-off annuity segment. The revised accounting for DAC will be applied prospectively using the new model and any DAC effects existing in AOCI as a result of applying existing GAAP at the date of adoption will be reversed. 
In December 2019, the FASB issued amendments to simplify the accounting for income taxes. The amendments eliminate certain exceptions in the existing guidance including those related to intraperiod tax allocation and deferred tax liability recognition when changes in control of equity method and foreign subsidiary investments occur. The amendments require recognition of the effect of an enacted change in tax laws or rates in the interim period that includes the enactment date, provide an option to not allocate taxes to a legal entity that is not subject to tax as well as other minor changes. The amendments are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020. The new guidance specifies which amendments should be applied prospectively, retrospective to all periods presented or on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained income as of the beginning of the year of adoption. The impact of adoption is not expected to be material to the Company’s results of operations or financial position. 
The Company changed its accounting principle for recognizing actuarial gains and losses and expected return on plan assets for its pension and other postretirement plans to a more preferable policy under U.S. GAAP. Under the new principle, remeasurement of

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested options and restricted stock with a fair value of $ 824 million. Of the total consideration, $ 387 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 437 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
In April 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of CloudCraze LLC ("CloudCraze"), for consideration consisting of cash and equity awards assumed. CloudCraze is a commerce platform that allows businesses to generate online revenue and scale for growth. CloudCraze delivers interactions across commerce, sales, marketing and service. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for CloudCraze was approximately $ 190 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 58 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one to seven years . The Company recorded approximately $ 134 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating CloudCraze's technology with the Company's other offerings. The goodwill balance is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Public Sector and Other also includes solutions that support fleet tracking management, compliance management, field service management, asset tracking and other types of mobile resource management in the U.S. and around the world. 
Wholesale offers wireline communications services including data, voice, local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers. In 2022, Wholesale revenues were $2.6 billion, representing approximately 8% of Business’s total revenues. A portion of Wholesale revenues are generated by a few large telecommunications companies, most of which compete directly with us. Wholesale's services include: 
• Voice services . We provide switched access services that allow carriers to complete their end-user calls that originate or terminate within our territory. In addition, we provide originating and terminating voice services throughout the U.S. and globally utilizing our time-division multiplexing and Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) networks.
