BOEING CO report:
for accounting purposes. The quantities of aluminum in these agreements offset and are priced at prevailing market prices. We also hold certain foreign currency forward contracts and commodity swaps which do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. 
Other assets Accrued liabilities 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts $ 2,630   $ 2,594   $ 30   $ 81   ($ 52 ) ($ 24 ) Commodity contracts 500   404   88   4   ( 18 ) ( 43 ) Derivatives not receiving hedge accounting treatment: 
Foreign exchange contracts 361   769   2   22   ( 3 ) ( 16 ) Commodity contracts 760   904   8 ( 7 ) ( 17 ) Total derivatives $ 4,251   $ 4,671   128   107   ( 80 ) ( 100 ) Netting arrangements ( 30 ) ( 31 ) 30   31   Net recorded balance $ 98   $ 76   ($ 50 ) ($ 69 )

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our “pricing authority” – consistently providing the most competitive values. Merchandise costs in 2023 continued to be impacted by inflation, however at a lower rate than what we experienced in 2022. The impact to our net sales and gross margin is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. Those strategies can include, but are not limited to, working with our suppliers to share in absorbing cost increases, earlier-than-usual purchasing and in greater volumes, as well as passing cost increases on to our members. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). 
We believe our gasoline business enhances traffic in our warehouses, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage and lower SG&A expense, relative to our non-gasoline businesses. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. 
Government actions in various countries relating to tariffs, particularly China and the United States, have affected the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. Higher tariffs could adversely impact our results.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Wildfires   Actions taken related to managing our risk of loss from wildfires include purchasing nationwide occurrence reinsurance, new and renewal inspection programs to identify and remediate wildfire risk as well as leveraging contemporary underwriting tools in select areas. While these programs are designed to mitigate risk, the exposure to wildfires still exists. We continue to manage our exposure and seek appropriate returns for the risks we write. 
To manage the exposure, we may implement further actions, similar to those already taken, in geographies where we are not achieving appropriate returns. However, we may maintain or opportunistically increase our presence in areas where adequate risk adjusted returns can be achieved. 
Reinsurance The total cost of our property catastrophe reinsurance programs, excluding reinstatement premiums, during 2021 was $556 million compared to $425 million during 2020. Catastrophe placement premiums are a reduction of premium with approximately 74% related to homeowners. The increases were driven by higher Nationwide and Florida program costs due to program expansion for growth in policies, including National General exposures. In the third quarter of 2021, our catastrophe reinsurance program risk tolerance framework that targets less than a 1% likelihood of annual aggregate catastrophe losses from hurricanes, earthquakes and wildfires, excluding other catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, increased from $2 billion to $2.5 billion, reflecting the addition of wildfires to the target. A description of our current catastrophe reinsurance program appears in Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements.
