SALESFORCE INC report:
The terms of the lease agreements provide for rental payments on a graduated basis. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease period and has accrued for rent expense incurred but not paid. Of the total operating lease commitment balance of $4.2 billion , approximately $3.5 billion  is related to facilities space. The remaining commitment amount is related to computer equipment and furniture and fixtures. 
The Company has entered into various contractual commitments with infrastructure service providers for a total commitment of $2.0 billion . The Company paid $156 million  in connection with these agreements during fiscal 2019. As of January 31, 2019  the total remaining commitment is approximately $1.8 billion  and $264 million  is due in the next fiscal year. 
The Company has a 401(k) plan covering all eligible employees in the United States and a Registered Retirement Savings plan covering all eligible employees in Canada. Since January 1, 2006, the Company has been contributing to the plans. Total Company contributions during fiscal 2019 , 2018  and 2017 , were $106 million , $93 million  and $56 million , respectively.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
In assessing goodwill for impairment, we initially evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. We consider several factors, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance of the reporting unit, changes in management, strategy or customers and relevant reporting unit-specific events such as a change in the carrying amount of net assets, a more likely than not expectation of selling or disposing of all, or a portion of, a reporting unit, and the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit. If this qualitative assessment results in a conclusion that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, then no further testing is performed for that reporting unit. 
If the qualitative assessment is not conclusive and it is necessary to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit, then we utilize a two-step process to test goodwill for impairment. First, a comparison of the fair value of the applicable reporting unit with the aggregate carrying value, including goodwill, is performed. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its calculated fair value, then the second step is performed, and an impairment charge is recognized for the amount, if any, by which the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. We primarily determine the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow model and supplement this with observable valuation multiples for comparable companies, as appropriate. 
A trade name with a carrying value of $ 200 million and licenses with a carrying value of $ 4 million as of December 31, 2019 are considered to be indefinite-lived intangibles, and therefore are not amortized. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually. We determined that the income approach, specifically the relief from royalty method, is the most appropriate valuation method to estimate the fair value of the trade name. The estimated fair value of the trade name is compared to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the trade name exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
After approval and commercial launch of some medical devices, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority.
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
