BOEING CO report:
The accounting quantity for each program may include units that have been delivered, undelivered units under contract and units anticipated to be under contract in the reasonable future (anticipated orders). In developing total program estimates, all of these items within the accounting quantity must be considered. 
The following table provides details of the accounting quantities and firm orders by program as of December 31. Cumulative firm orders represent the cumulative number of commercial jet aircraft deliveries plus undelivered firm orders. Firm orders include military derivative aircraft that are not included in program accounting quantities. All revenues and costs associated with military derivative aircraft production are reported in the BDS segment. 
 Program 737   747   767   777   777X 787   † 2022 Program accounting quantities 10,800 1,574 1,267 1,790 400   1,600 Undelivered units under firm orders 3,653 1 106 69 244 505 (8) Cumulative firm orders 11,785 1,573 1,377 1,770 244 1,542 2021

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Additionally, our business could be affected in the future by the regulation or taxation of greenhouse gas emissions or policies related to national emission reduction plans. A number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions including, but not limited to, the Unites States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. For example, the Biden Administration has issued a series of executive orders and regulatory initiatives focused on climate change, including rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement, pursuant to which the Administration has announced a goal of reducing U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by one-half by 2030. Our operations located in countries with effective and applicable carbon pricing and regulatory programs currently meet related existing obligations with, at this time, no significant impact on our results of operations and competitive position. We regularly assess the potential impacts to our business resulting from regulation or policies aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Potential consequences could include increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes. Although, at this time, it is not possible to estimate the likelihood of passage or predict the potential impact of any additional legislation, regulations or agreements, the effects of additional climate change regulatory initiatives could have a materially adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The scope of physical effects of climate change, including shifts in agricultural production areas and climatic volatility, is uncertain, but could in the long-term result in increased adverse incidents of weather-related events that cause disruptions to our operations and may ultimately result in stranded physical assets. We currently believe the breadth and diversification of our global asset network, as well as our participation in the global trade of agricultural commodities, will help to mitigate these risks. 
Bunge believes sustainability is critical to our business. This means we incorporate sustainability and environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors into many areas of our business, from how we plan and develop our strategic goals, compensate our employees and operate our facilities, to how we engage with our customers, suppliers, employees, communities, shareholders and other stakeholders. We encourage Bunge leadership around the globe to embrace sustainable decision-making across our value chains built on a foundation of ethical leadership, accountability and environmental stewardship. 
A key component of Bunge’s sustainability strategy is to be a leader in our industry, urging sustainability and responsibility throughout the supply chain from the farm to the table. Bunge has been a founder and active member of leading industry associations and platforms to find practical solutions to certain sustainability challenges. In order to align with the aspirations of the Paris Climate Agreement, we are committed to mitigating native vegetation conversion associated with agricultural commodity production and trade and we intend to build on our shared efforts, working with governments, farmers, and other key stakeholders in our supply chains, to identify opportunities for public-private collaboration focused on eliminating commodity-driven deforestation.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Assets held for sale: Comprise U.S. government and agencies, municipal, corporate, foreign government and ABS fixed income securities, equity securities, short-term investments and other investments. The valuation is based on the respective asset type as described above. 
• Liabilities held for sale: Comprise other liabilities, mainly free-standing exchange listed derivatives, that are not actively traded and are valued based on quoted prices for identical instruments in markets that are not active. 
Municipal: Comprise municipal bonds that are not rated by third-party credit rating agencies. The primary inputs to the valuation of these municipal bonds include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that exhibit less liquidity relative to those markets supporting Level 2 fair value measurements, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields and credit spreads. Also included are municipal bonds valued based on non-binding broker quotes where the inputs have not been corroborated to be market observable and municipal bonds in default valued based on the present value of expected cash flows.
