ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Long-lived assets on a geographic basis primarily include property and equipment. It excludes goodwill, intangible assets, deferred tax assets, and financial instruments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, long-lived assets totaled $ 14.2 billion and $ 13.1 billion, respectively, and in the United States such assets totaled $ 7.7 billion and $ 6.8 billion, respectively. Long-lived asset balances associated with other countries were not material on an individual country basis in either of the two years. 
On February 8, 2023, Abbott entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSI). CSI sells an atherectomy system used in treating peripheral and coronary artery disease. The acquisition, which is expected to add complementary technologies to Abbott’s portfolio of vascular device offerings, is subject to the approval of CSI shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including applicable regulatory approvals. Under the terms of the agreement, Abbott will pay $ 20 per common share at a total expected equity value of approximately $ 890 million. The acquisition is expected to be funded with cash on hand. 
The management of Abbott Laboratories is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Abbott’s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company’s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company’s cash requirements within the next twelve months include the current portion of long-term debt, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, other current liabilities, and purchase commitments and other obligations. We expect the cash required to meet these obligations to be primarily generated through a combination of cash from operations and access to capital from financial markets. Our long-term cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include: 
• Debt, including financing lease obligations – See Note 11, Debt, in our consolidated financial statements for further detail of our debt and the timing of expected future principal payments. 
• Pension plans and other postretirement benefit contributions – We sponsor a defined benefit plan that pays benefits to eligible employees at retirement. In addition, we provide certain postretirement health and welfare benefits to eligible retirees and their dependents. See Note 18, Retirement Plans, in our consolidated financial statements for further detail of our obligations and the timing of expected future payments.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The following table sets forth selected balance sheet and other metrics data for each of the periods indicated (in millions, other than remaining performance obligation, which is presented in billions): 
Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. 
The increase  in subscription and support revenues was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new business, which includes new customers, upgrades and additional subscriptions from existing customers. Our acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2018 contributed $431 million  to total revenues in fiscal 2019 . The increase was also driven by approximately $227 million  of revenue recognized at a point in time, which includes the portion of software subscriptions allocated to the on-premise software element.
