VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In June 2015, we completed our acquisition of AOL Inc. (AOL), a leader in digital content and advertising. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing was approximately $3.8 billion . 
In April 2016, we completed the sale (Access Line Sale) of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas, including Fios Internet and video customers, switched and special access lines and high-speed Internet service and long distance voice accounts in these three states to Frontier Communications Corporation (Frontier) for approximately $10.5 billion (approximately $7.3 billion net of income taxes), subject to certain adjustments and including the assumption of $612 million of indebtedness from Verizon by Frontier. The transaction included the acquisition by Frontier of the equity interests of Verizon’s incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) in California, Florida and Texas. 
The transaction resulted in Frontier acquiring approximately 3.3 million voice connections, 1.6 million Fios Internet subscribers, 1.2 million Fios video subscribers and the related ILEC businesses from Verizon. Approximately 9,300 Verizon employees who served customers in California, Florida and Texas continued employment with Frontier.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“Tax Legislation”) became effective, permanently reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning January 1, 2018. As a result, the corporate tax rate is not comparable between periods. 
Allstate is engaged, principally in the United States, in the property and casualty insurance and life insurance businesses. Allstate is one of the country’s largest personal property and casualty insurers and is organized into seven reportable segments: Allstate Protection, Discontinued Lines and Coverages, Service Businesses, Allstate Life, Allstate Benefits, Allstate Annuities, and Corporate and Other.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Effective at the start of fiscal 2019, the Company adopted the provisions and expanded disclosure requirements described in ASU 2014-09 also referred to as Topic 606. The Company adopted the standard using the full retrospective method. Accordingly, the results for the prior comparable periods were adjusted to conform to the current period measurement and recognition of results. 
Removal of the limitation on contingent revenue, which can result in the subscription and support revenue for certain multi-year customer contracts being recognized earlier in the duration of the contract term; 
Inclusion of an estimate of variable consideration, such as overage fees, in the total transaction price, which results in the estimated fees being recognized ratably over the contract term, further resulting in the recognition of subscription and support revenues before the actual variable consideration occurs.
