ALLSTATE CORP report:
the methodology used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging instrument in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value attributable to the hedged risk. For a cash flow hedge, this documentation includes the exposure to changes in the variability in cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. The Company does not exclude any component of the change in fair value of the hedging instrument from the effectiveness assessment. At each reporting date, the Company confirms that the hedging instrument continues to be highly effective in offsetting the hedged risk. Ineffectiveness in fair value hedges and cash flow hedges, if any, is reported in realized capital gains and losses. 
Fair value hedges The change in fair value of hedging instruments used in fair value hedges of investment assets or a portion thereof is reported in net investment income, together with the change in fair value of the hedged items. The change in fair value of hedging instruments used in fair value hedges of contractholder funds liabilities or a portion thereof is reported in interest credited to contractholder funds, together with the change in fair value of the hedged items. Accrued periodic settlements on swaps are reported together with the changes in fair value of the related swaps in net investment income or interest credited to contractholder funds. The amortized cost for fixed income securities, the carrying value for mortgage loans or the carrying value of a designated hedged liability is adjusted for the change in fair value of the hedged risk. 
Cash flow hedges For hedging instruments used in cash flow hedges, the changes in fair value of the derivatives representing the effective portion of the hedge are reported in AOCI. Amounts are reclassified to net investment income, realized capital gains and losses or interest expense as the hedged or forecasted transaction affects income. Accrued periodic settlements on derivatives used in cash flow hedges are reported in net investment income. The amount reported in AOCI for a hedged transaction is limited to the lesser of the cumulative gain or loss on the derivative less the amount reclassified to income, or the cumulative gain or loss on the derivative needed to offset the cumulative change in the expected future cash flows on the hedged transaction from inception of the hedge less the derivative gain or loss previously reclassified from AOCI to income. If the Company expects at any time that the loss reported in AOCI would lead to a net loss on the combination of the hedging instrument and the hedged transaction which may not be recoverable, a loss is recognized immediately in realized capital gains and losses. If an impairment loss is recognized on an asset or an additional obligation is incurred on a liability involved in a hedge transaction, any offsetting gain in AOCI is reclassified and reported together with the impairment loss or recognition of the obligation.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Short-term investments generally consist of debt securities (U.S. Government and Agency Notes), with maturities at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. These available-for-sale investments have a low level of inherent credit risk given they are issued by the U.S. Government and Agencies. Changes in their fair value are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis. 
The Company periodically evaluates unrealized losses in its investment securities for credit impairment, using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. In the event a security is deemed to be impaired as the result of a credit loss, the Company recognizes the loss in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
The Company accounts for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The carrying value of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables and accounts payable, approximate fair value due to their short-term nature or variable interest rates. See Notes 2 , 3 , and 4 for the carrying value and fair value of the Company’s investments, derivative instruments, and fixed-rate debt, respectively.

BOEING CO report:
Executive Long-Term Incentive Program Employee Long-Term Incentive Program Other Number of units: Outstanding at beginning of year 1,423,601   5,163,425   749,319   Granted 1,027,507   216,782   Forfeited ( 205,400 ) ( 378,881 ) ( 33,563 ) Distributed ( 196,013 ) ( 3,820 ) ( 233,672 ) Outstanding at end of year 2,049,695   4,780,724   698,866   Undistributed vested units 344,125   985,427   16,212   Unrecognized compensation cost $ 258   $ 573   $ 67   
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (PBRSUs) are stock units that pay out based on the Company’s total shareholder return (TSR) as compared to a group of peer companies over a three-year period. The award payout can range from 0 % to 200 % of the initial PBRSU grant. The PBRSUs granted under this program will vest at the payout amount and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an executive terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability or death, the employee (or beneficiary) remains eligible under the award and, if the award is earned, will receive a proration of stock units based on active employment during the three-year service period. In all other cases, the PBRSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. 
In February 2020 and 2019, we granted to our executives 290,202 and 214,651 PBRSUs as part of our long-term incentive program. Compensation expense for the award is recognized over the three-year performance period based upon the grant date fair value. The grant date fair values were estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation model with the assumptions presented below. The model includes no expected dividend yield as the units earn dividend equivalents.
