ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising, formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers’ products may increase competitive pressure.
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes care products for people with diabetes, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. Medical devices are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, depending upon the product, medical devices are generally marketed and sold directly to wholesalers, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, physicians’ offices, and distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served.
These products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, product performance, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Some leases include free-rent periods and step-rent provisions, which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for periodic rent increases based on price indices or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales volume. Our leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
The Company determines at inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. Non-lease components and the lease components to which they relate are accounted for together as a single lease component for all asset classes. The Company initially records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease obligations for its finance and operating leases based on the discounted future minimum lease payments over the term. The lease term is defined as the noncancelable period of the lease plus any options to extend when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. As the rate implicit in the Company's leases is not easily determinable, the present value of the sum of the lease payments is calculated using the Company's incremental borrowing rate. The rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest the Company would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. The Company uses quoted interest rates from financial institutions to derive the incremental borrowing rate. Impairment of ROU assets is evaluated in a similar manner as described in Property and Equipment, net above. 
The Company's asset retirement obligations (ARO) primarily relate to leasehold improvements that must be removed at the end of a lease. These obligations are generally recorded as a discounted liability, with an offsetting asset at the inception of the lease term, based upon the estimated fair value of the costs to remove the improvements. These liabilities are accreted over time to the projected future value of the obligation. The ARO assets are depreciated using the same depreciation method as the leasehold improvement assets and are included with buildings and improvements. Estimated ARO liabilities associated with these leases are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our related marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of gross operating margin, a non-generally accepted accounting principle (“non-GAAP”) financial measure, for the partnership. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold.
Our results of operations and financial condition are subject to certain significant risks. Factors that can affect the demand for our products and services include domestic and international economic conditions, the market price and demand for energy, the cost to develop natural gas and crude oil reserves in the U.S., federal and state regulation, the cost and availability of capital to energy companies to invest in upstream exploration and production activities and the credit quality of our customers. For information regarding such risks, see Part I, Item 1A of this annual report.
In addition, our business activities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing a wide variety of topics, including commercial, operational, environmental and other matters. For a discussion of the principal effects of such laws and regulations on our business activities, see “Regulatory Matters” included under Part I, Items 1 and 2 of this annual report.
