VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In the Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other markets, competition remains high, primarily as a result of increased industry focus on technology convergence. We compete in this area with system integrators, carriers, and hardware and software providers. In addition, some of the largest information technology services companies are making strategic acquisitions, divesting non-strategic assets and forging new alliances to improve their cost structure. Many new alliances and acquisitions have focused on emerging fields, such as cloud computing, software defined network, communication applications and other computing tasks via networks, rather than by the use of in-house machines. 
In the Small and Medium Business market, customer purchasing behaviors and preferences continue to evolve. Solution speed and simplicity with user interfaces that have a consumer-like "look and feel" are becoming key differentiators for customers who are seeking full life-cycle offers that simplify the process of starting, running and growing their businesses. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. 
Our Wholesale business competes with traditional carriers for long-haul, voice and IP services. In addition, mobile video and data needs are driving a greater need for wireless backhaul. Network providers, cable companies and niche players are competitors for this business opportunity.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps that bring them closer to their customers, with drag-and-drop tools that boost efficiency, increase productivity and save on IT costs. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance and automatic upgrades. Integrated platform services, such as automation, AI and real-time data processing, make it easier for customers to utilize those capabilities in their Salesforce applications. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. Our Slack offering is a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We continue to innovate and integrate Slack across our Customer 360 platform. 
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web, Web3 and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization, and optimize overall marketing impact with integrated analytics. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
containing asbestos. Environmental claims relate primarily to pollution and related clean-up costs. Other run-off claims exposures primarily relate to general liability and product liability mass tort claims, such as those for medical devices and other products, workers’ compensation claims and claims for various other coverage exposures other than asbestos and environmental. 
In 1986, the general liability policy form used by us and others in the property and casualty industry was amended to introduce an “absolute pollution exclusion,” which excluded coverage for environmental damage claims, and to add an asbestos exclusion. Most general liability policies issued prior to 1987 contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage. General liability policies issued in 1987 and thereafter contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage and annual aggregate limits for all coverages. Our experience to date is that these policy form changes have limited the extent of our exposure to environmental and asbestos claim risks. 
Our exposure to liability for asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims losses manifests differently depending on whether it arises from assumed reinsurance coverage, direct excess commercial insurance or direct primary commercial insurance. The direct insurance coverage we provided that covered asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims was substantially “excess” in nature.
