BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We record and report accrued interest receivable within the same line item as the related receivable. The allowance for expected credit losses is estimated on the amortized cost basis of the trade accounts receivable, including accrued interest receivable. We recognize credit loss expense when establishing an allowance for accrued interest receivable. 
Secured Advances to Suppliers —Secured advances to suppliers is stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. Secured advances to suppliers are expected to be settled through delivery of non-cash assets and as such, allowances are established when collection is not probable. We establish an allowance for secured advances to suppliers, generally farmers and resellers of grain, based on historical experience, farming economics and other market conditions as well as specific customer collection issues. Uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount below the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection is unlikely. 
Secured advances to suppliers bear interest at contractual rates that reflect current market interest rates at the time of the transaction. There are no deferred fees or costs associated with these receivables. As a result, there are no imputed interest amounts to be amortized under the interest method. Interest income is calculated based on the terms of the individual agreements and is recognized on an accrual basis.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• Innovation and customer support. To support our customers, we launched Work.com, which includes new solutions designed to help our customers reopen safely. We also launched Work.com for schools to help schools reopen safely and Vaccine Cloud to help governments and healthcare organizations more safely and efficiently manage vaccine programs at scale. 
• Supporting our communities. In fiscal 2021, we took action to help address the Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”) shortage facing medical personnel by sourcing millions of units of PPE for doctors, nurses and first responders in the United States and other countries. 
Data Security. Customers entrust us with their most sensitive data, and they expect us to protect it using security risk management practices and advanced systems that respond to the changing security landscape and emerging threats. We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in our cybersecurity programs. We provide an overview of our program, training, best practices for our customers, and information on system status, security issues, and compliance certificates on our website at www.trust.salesforce.com.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
To compensate for the shrinking market for traditional copper-based products, we continue to build fiber-based networks supporting data, video and advanced business services - areas where demand for reliable high-speed connections is growing. We are transforming the architecture of our networks into our Intelligent Edge Network, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner. 
In this section, we discuss our overall results of operations and highlight special items that are not included in our segment results. In "Segment Results of Operations," we review the performance of our two reportable segments in more detail. A detailed discussion of 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
Corporate and other revenues decreased during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the sale of Verizon Media, which was completed in September 2021. Verizon Media's total operating revenues were approximately $5.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of Verizon Media.
