ALLSTATE CORP report:
Background   These matters raise difficult and complicated factual and legal issues and are subject to many uncertainties and complexities, including the underlying facts of each matter; novel legal issues; variations between jurisdictions in which matters are being litigated, heard, or investigated; changes in assigned judges; differences or developments in applicable laws and judicial interpretations; judges reconsidering prior rulings; the length of time before many of these matters might be resolved by settlement, through litigation, or otherwise; adjustments with respect to anticipated trial schedules and other proceedings; developments in similar actions against other companies; the fact that some of the lawsuits are putative class actions in which a class has not been certified and in which the purported class may not be clearly defined; the fact that some of the lawsuits involve multi-state class actions in which the applicable law(s) for the claims at issue is in dispute and therefore unclear; and the challenging legal environment faced by corporations and insurance companies. 
The outcome of these matters may be affected by decisions, verdicts, and settlements, and the timing of such decisions, verdicts, and settlements, in other individual and class action lawsuits that involve the Company, other insurers, or other entities and by other legal, governmental, and regulatory actions that involve the Company, other insurers, or other entities. The outcome may also be affected by future state or 
In the lawsuits, plaintiffs seek a variety of remedies which may include equitable relief in the form of injunctive and other remedies and monetary relief in the form of contractual and extra-contractual damages. In some cases, the monetary damages sought may include punitive or treble damages. Often specific information about the relief sought, such as the amount of damages, is not available because plaintiffs have not requested specific relief in their pleadings. When specific monetary demands are made, they are often set just below a state court jurisdictional limit in order to seek the maximum amount available in state court, regardless of the specifics of the case, while still avoiding the risk of removal to federal court. In Allstate’s experience, monetary demands in pleadings bear little relation to the ultimate loss, if any, to the Company.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The SSP is the price at which the Company would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. 
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, its go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. As the Company’s go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP. 
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices.

BOEING CO report:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls including those over the data used in developing the estimates, the mathematical extrapolation of such data, and management’s judgment regarding the range of possible outcomes relating to the specific estimates. 
In 2019, following two fatal 737 MAX accidents, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and non-U.S. civil aviation authorities issued orders suspending commercial operations of 737 MAX aircraft (the “737 MAX Grounding”). Deliveries resumed in the U.S. in late 2020 following rescission by the FAA of its grounding order. The 737 MAX remains grounded in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions. In addition, multiple legal actions have been filed against the Company following the fatal accidents and various governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries continue relating to the accidents and the 737 MAX aircraft. 
During 2019, the Company recorded an initial liability in connection with estimated payments, concessions and other in-kind consideration it intends to provide to customers for disruptions related to the 737 MAX Grounding and associated delivery delays. This liability totaled $5.5 billion at December 31, 2020 and is reflected in the financial statements in Accrued liabilities. This represents the Company’s best estimate of future concessions and other consideration to its customers, and is necessarily based on individual negotiations with customers and the substance of such negotiations.
