ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Medical Devices — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Medical Devices segment.
Abbott’s underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment’s assets.
The following segment information has been prepared in accordance with the internal accounting policies of Abbott, as described above, and are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied to the consolidated financial statements.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
• Bonds with a principal balance of $ 42 million issued by the Louisville Regional Airport Authority associated with our airfreight facility in Louisville, Kentucky. The bonds are due in November 2036 and bear interest at a variable rate that is payable monthly. The average interest rates for 2022 and 2021 were 1.08 % and 0.07 %, respectively. 
• Bonds with a principal balance of $ 29 million issued by the Dallas / Fort Worth International Airport Facility Improvement Corporation associated with our Dallas, Texas airport facilities. The bonds are due in May 2032 and bear interest at a variable rate that is payable quarterly. The variable cash flows on this obligation have been swapped to a fixed rate of 5.11 %. 
• Bonds with a principal balance of $ 100 million issued by the Delaware County, Pennsylvania Industrial Development Authority associated with our Philadelphia, Pennsylvania airport facilities. These bonds are due September 2045 and bear interest at a variable rate that is payable monthly. The average interest rate for 2022 and 2021 was 1.03 % and 0.05 %, respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is or may be involved in various legal or regulatory proceedings, claims or purported class actions related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage and hour and other claims. The Company has been, and may in the future be put on notice or sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, including patent infringement. 
In general, the resolution of a legal matter could prevent the Company from offering its service to others, could be material to the Company’s financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect the Company’s operating results. 
The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. At this time, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the amount
