WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The table set forth below presents selected financial information for investments accounted for under the equity method. Because renewable energy projects discussed above are accounted for under the HLBV equity method of accounting, the Company's equity method losses do not directly correlate with the GAAP results of the investees presented below. The selected statement of operations information for each of the three years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 , and 2016  and the selected balance sheet information as of December 31, 2018  and 2017  (in millions) is summarized in the table below.    
The Company owns 5 million  shares of common stock, or approximately 3% , of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. ("Lionsgate"), an entertainment company. Lionsgate operates in the motion picture production and distribution, television programming and syndication, home entertainment and digital distribution business. Upon the adoption of ASU 2016-01, the shares are measured at fair value, with realized gains and losses recorded in other (expense) income, net, as the shares have a readily determinable fair value and the Company has the intent to retain the investment. The Company recorded a transition adjustment to reclassify accumulated other comprehensive income associated with Lionsgate shares in the amount of $32 million  pre-tax ( $26 million , net of tax) to retained earnings. Previously, amounts were recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. 
The accumulated amounts associated with the components of the Company's common stock investments with readily determinable fair values, which are included in other non-current assets, are summarized in the table below (in millions).

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Employee Health and Safety. We are subject to the requirements of the federal OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. In addition, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’s hazard communication standard requires that information be maintained about hazardous materials used or produced in operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and citizens. Historically, our costs for OSHA required activities, including general industry standards, recordkeeping requirements, and monitoring of occupational exposure to regulated substances, have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations but there is no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future. 
Natural Resource Reviews. The National Environmental Policy Act (“NEPA”) provides for an environmental impact assessment process in connection with certain projects that involve federal lands or require approvals by federal agencies. The NEPA process implicates a number of other environmental laws and regulations, including the Endangered Species Act, Migratory Bird Treaty Act, Rivers and Harbors Act, Clean Water Act, Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act, Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, Marine Mammal Protection Act and National Historic Preservation Act, often requiring coordination with numerous governmental authorities. The NEPA review process can be lengthy and subjective, resulting in delays in obtaining federal approvals for projects. Our projects that are subject to the NEPA can include pipeline construction and pipeline integrity projects that involve federal lands or require approvals by federal agencies. In July 2020, the Council on Environmental Quality (“CEQ”) issued final revisions to NEPA regulations that seek to conform the scope of direct, indirect, and cumulative impact analyses for proposed projects subject to NEPA with existing case law. However, in October 2021, the CEQ published a proposed rule to restore, in general, NEPA regulations that were in effect before being modified by the 2020 revisions. A final rule is expected in February 2022. More stringent environmental impact analyses under or third-party challenges with respect to the sufficiency of any environmental impact statement or assessment prepared pursuant to NEPA could adversely impact such projects in the form of delays or increased compliance and mitigations costs. 
Indigenous Protections. Part of our operations cross land that has historically been apportioned to various Native American/First Nations tribes (“Indigenous Peoples”), who may exercise significant jurisdiction and sovereignty over their lands. Indigenous Peoples may also have certain treaty rights and rights to consultation on projects that may affect such lands. Our operations may be impacted to the extent these tribal governments are found to have and choose to act upon such jurisdiction over lands where we operate. For example, in 2020, the Supreme Court ruled in McGirt v. Oklahoma that the Muscogee (Creek) Nation reservation in Eastern Oklahoma has not been disestablished. Although the court’s ruling indicates that it is limited to criminal law, as applied within the Muscogee (Creek) Nation reservation, the ruling may have significant potential implications for civil law, both in the Muscogee (Creek) Nation reservation and other reservations that may similarly be found to not have been disestablished. State courts in Oklahoma have applied the analysis in McGirt in ruling that the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Seminole, and Choctaw reservations likewise had not been disestablished.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income increased $398 million (29.0%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, lapping a prior-year intangible asset impairment charge and the impact of acquisitions. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher manufacturing costs, higher acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments (including lapping a prior year benefit from contingent consideration adjustments), higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, fixed asset impairment charges incurred in 2022, inventory step-up charges incurred in 2022, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, unfavorable volume/mix and unfavorable currency. 
Net revenues increased $145 million (1.8%), due to the impact of acquisitions (1.8 pp), higher net pricing (1.0 pp) and favorable currency (0.6 pp), partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix (1.6 pp). The April 1, 2020 acquisition of Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $106 million and the January 4, 2021 acquisition of Hu added incremental net revenues of $38 million in 2021. Higher net pricing was driven by biscuits & baked snacks, gum and candy, partially offset by lower net pricing in chocolate. Favorable currency impact was due to the strength of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. Unfavorable volume mix reflected volume declines as the region lapped prior-year strong volume growth driven by significantly increased food purchases for in-home consumption due to the pandemic as well as impacts from labor disruptions and supply chain constraints in the second half of 2021. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in biscuits & baked snacks, candy, chocolate and gum. 
Segment operating income decreased $216 million (13.6%), primarily due to unfavorable volume/mix, higher raw material costs, higher Simplify to Grow Program costs and higher advertising and consumer promotion costs. These unfavorable items were partially offset by higher net pricing, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses (including lower COVID-19 related costs), a net benefit from acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments, lower intangible asset impairment charges, lower manufacturing costs (lower incremental COVID-19 related costs and productivity) and favorable currency.
