COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses through wholly owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Japan, U.K., Korea, Australia, Spain, Iceland, France, and China and through a majority-owned subsidiary in Taiwan. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1 . Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income. Certain operating expenses, predominantly stock-based compensation, incurred on behalf of the Company's Canadian and Other International operations, are included in the U.S. operations because those costs generally come under the responsibility of U.S. management.Members of the Board of Directors, one other individual, and the Company were defendants in a shareholder derivative action related to the internal controls and related disclosures identified in the putative class actions, alleging that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties. Wedekind v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, Richard Libenson, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp.   (W.D. Wash.; filed Dec. 11, 2018). Similar actions were filed in King County Superior Court on February 20, 2019,   Elliott v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, Richard Libenson, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-04824-7), April 16, 2019, Brad Shuman, et ano. v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-10460-1), and June 12, 2019, Rahul Modi v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-15514-1). In light of the dismissal in Johnson noted above, the plaintiffs in the derivative actions agreed voluntarily to dismiss their complaints. 
On June 23, 2020, a putative class action was filed against the Company, the “Board of Directors,” the “Costco Benefits Committee” and others under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin. Dustin S. Soulek v. Costco Wholesale, et al. , Case No. 1:20-cv-937. The class is alleged to be beneficiaries of the Costco 401(k) plan from June 23, 2014, and the claims are that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties in the operation and oversight of the plan. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, damages, interest, costs, and attorneys' fees. On September 11, 2020, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, and on September 21 the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which the defendants have also moved to dismiss. 
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year.

BOEING CO report:
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in (loss)/earnings from operations during 2020 was a benefit of $1,024 million, largely consistent with a benefit of $1,071 million in 2019 and $1,005 million in 2018. The non-operating pension expense included in Other income, net was a benefit of $340 million in 2020, $374 million in 2019 and $143 million in 2018. The benefits in 2020, 2019, and 2018 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses. 
For further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs see the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on pages 30 - 31 of this Form 10-K and see Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit cost, primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts. 
The table below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of earnings from operations, operating margins and diluted earnings per share.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Corporate - public and privately placed, ABS: Primarily valued based on non-binding broker quotes where the inputs have not been corroborated to be market observable. Other inputs for corporate fixed income securities include an interest rate yield curve, as well as published credit spreads for similar assets that incorporate the credit quality and industry sector of the issuer. 
• Equity securities:   The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices or quoted net asset values for identical or similar assets in markets that are less active relative to those markets supporting Level 2 fair value measurements. 
• Other investments:   Certain OTC derivatives, such as interest rate caps, certain credit default swaps and certain options (including swaptions), are valued using models that are widely accepted in the financial services industry. These are categorized as Level 3 as a result of the significance of non-market observable inputs such
