BOEING CO report:
Changes in estimated revenues, cost of sales and the related effect on operating income are recognized using a cumulative catch-up adjustment which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a long-term contract’s percentage-of-completion. When the current estimates of total sales and costs for a long-term contract indicate a loss, a provision for the entire reach-forward loss on the long-term contract is recognized. 
Significant adjustments during the three years ended December 31, 2019 included reach-forward losses of $ 148 , $ 736 and $ 445 on KC-46A Tanker recorded during 2019, 2018, and 2017, as well as reach-forward losses on Commercial Crew of $ 489 during 2019. 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process, changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. The estimate does not include matters or losses for which an estimate is not possible. Therefore, this estimate represents an estimate of possible loss only for certain matters meeting these criteria. It does not represent the Company’s maximum possible loss exposure. Information is provided below regarding the nature of all of the disclosed matters and, where specified, the amount, if any, of plaintiff claims associated with these loss contingencies. 
Due to the complexity and scope of the matters disclosed in the “Claims related proceedings” and “Other proceedings” subsections below and the many uncertainties that exist, the ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be predicted and in the Company’s judgment, a loss, in excess of amounts accrued, if any, is not probable. In the event of an unfavorable outcome in one or more of these matters, the ultimate liability may be in excess of amounts currently accrued, if any, and may be material to the Company’s operating results or cash flows for a particular quarterly or annual period. However, based on information currently known to it, management believes that the ultimate outcome of all matters described below, as they are resolved over time, is not likely to have a material effect on the financial position of the Company. 
Claims related proceedings The Company is managing various disputes in Florida that raise challenges to the Company’s practices, processes, and procedures relating to claims for personal injury protection benefits under Florida auto policies. Medical providers continue to pursue litigation under various theories that challenge the amounts that the Company pays under the personal injury protection coverage, seeking additional benefit payments, as well as applicable interest, penalties and fees. There are two pending class actions, Pierce v. Allstate Insurance Company, et al. (Broward County, Fla. filed August 2013), the class settlement of which has received final approval, and Revival Chiropractic v. Allstate Insurance Company, et al. (M.D. Fla. filed January 2019), where the court denied class certification and plaintiff’s request to file a renewed motion for class certification. The Company is also defending litigation involving individual plaintiffs. The Company is vigorously asserting both procedural and substantive defenses to these lawsuits.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. Property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of these assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. If it appears that the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss as a charge against results of operations. Our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. As we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets, changes in these factors could cause us to 
realize material impairment charges. We recorded impairment charges of $180 million for property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2019 , primarily related to portfolio rationalization initiatives. 
We are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in Brazil and non-income tax claims in Argentina, and have accrued our estimates of the probable costs to resolve these claims. These estimates have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. For more information on tax and labor claims in Brazil, see "Item 3. Legal Proceedings "
