BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Additionally, our business could be affected in the future by the regulation or taxation of greenhouse gas emissions or policies related to national emission reduction plans. A number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions including, but not limited to, the Unites States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. For example, the Biden Administration has issued a series of executive orders and regulatory initiatives focused on climate change, including rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement, pursuant to which the Administration has announced a goal of reducing U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by one-half by 2030. Our operations located in countries with effective and applicable carbon pricing and regulatory programs currently meet related existing obligations with, at this time, no significant impact on our results of operations and competitive position. We regularly assess the potential impacts to our business resulting from regulation or policies aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Potential consequences could include increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes. Although, at this time, it is not possible to estimate the likelihood of passage or predict the potential impact of any additional legislation, regulations or agreements, the effects of additional climate change regulatory initiatives could have a materially adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The scope of physical effects of climate change, including shifts in agricultural production areas and climatic volatility, is uncertain, but could in the long-term result in increased adverse incidents of weather-related events that cause disruptions to our operations and may ultimately result in stranded physical assets. We currently believe the breadth and diversification of our global asset network, as well as our participation in the global trade of agricultural commodities, will help to mitigate these risks. 
Bunge believes sustainability is critical to our business. This means we incorporate sustainability and environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors into many areas of our business, from how we plan and develop our strategic goals, compensate our employees and operate our facilities, to how we engage with our customers, suppliers, employees, communities, shareholders and other stakeholders. We encourage Bunge leadership around the globe to embrace sustainable decision-making across our value chains built on a foundation of ethical leadership, accountability and environmental stewardship. 
A key component of Bunge’s sustainability strategy is to be a leader in our industry, urging sustainability and responsibility throughout the supply chain from the farm to the table. Bunge has been a founder and active member of leading industry associations and platforms to find practical solutions to certain sustainability challenges. In order to align with the aspirations of the Paris Climate Agreement, we are committed to mitigating native vegetation conversion associated with agricultural commodity production and trade and we intend to build on our shared efforts, working with governments, farmers, and other key stakeholders in our supply chains, to identify opportunities for public-private collaboration focused on eliminating commodity-driven deforestation.

BOEING CO report:
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
of comparable securities, interest rate yield curves, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, currency rates, and other information, as applicable. Credit and liquidity spreads are typically implied from completed transactions and transactions of comparable securities. Valuation service providers also use proprietary discounted cash flow models that are widely accepted in the financial services industry and similar to those used by other market participants to value the same financial instruments. The valuation models take into account, among other things, market observable information as of the measurement date, as described above, as well as the specific attributes of the security being valued including its term, interest rate, credit rating, industry sector, and where applicable, collateral quality and other issue or issuer specific information. Executing valuation models effectively requires seasoned professional judgment and experience. For certain equity securities, valuation service providers provide market quotations for completed transactions on the measurement date. In cases where market transactions or other market observable data is limited, the extent to which judgment is applied varies inversely with the availability of market observable information. 
For certain of our financial assets measured at fair value, where our valuation service providers cannot provide fair value determinations, we obtain a single non-binding price quote from a broker familiar with the security who, similar to our valuation service providers, may consider transactions or activity in similar securities among other information. The brokers providing price quotes are generally from the brokerage divisions of financial institutions with market making, underwriting and distribution expertise regarding the security subject to valuation. 
The fair value of certain financial assets, including privately placed corporate fixed income securities and free-standing derivatives, for which our valuation service providers or brokers do not provide fair value determinations, is developed using valuation methods and models widely accepted in the financial services industry. Our internal pricing methods are primarily based on models using discounted cash flow methodologies that develop a single best estimate of fair value. Our models generally incorporate inputs that we believe are representative of inputs other market participants would use to determine fair value of the same instruments, including yield curves, quoted market prices of comparable securities or instruments, published credit spreads, and other applicable market data as well as instrument-specific characteristics that include, but are not limited to, coupon rates, expected cash flows, sector of the issuer, and call provisions. Because judgment is required in developing the fair values of these financial assets, they may differ from the amount actually received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Moreover, the use of different valuation assumptions may have a material effect on the financial assets’ fair values.
