VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our indirect/digital partners channel includes agents that sell our wireless and wireline products and services at retail locations throughout the U.S., as well as through the Internet. The majority of these sales are made under exclusive selling arrangements with us. We also have relationships with high-profile national retailers that sell our wireless and wireline products and services, as well as convenience store chains that sell our wireless prepaid products and services. In 2019, we grew our digital channel and expanded omni channel experiences for our customers to offer choice and convenience. 
In addition to our direct channel, our Business segment has additional distribution channels that include business solution fulfillment provided by resellers, non-stocked device fulfillment performed by distributors and integrated mobility services provided by system integrators and resellers. 
With respect to our wireless connectivity products and services, we compete against other national wireless service providers, including AT&T Inc., Sprint Corporation and T-Mobile USA, Inc., as well as various regional wireless service providers. We also compete for retail activations with resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers, including Verizon, and resell it to their customers. Resellers may include cable companies. Competition remains intense as a result of high rates of smartphone penetration in the wireless market, increased network investment by our competitors, the development and deployment of new technologies, such as 5G, the introduction of new products and services, offerings that include additional premium content, new market entrants, the availability of additional licensed and unlicensed spectrum, and regulatory changes. In 2019, we began offering Apple Music and Disney+ to customers as part of their Unlimited plans. Competition may also increase as smaller, stand-alone wireless service providers merge or transfer licenses to larger, better capitalized wireless service providers and as MVNOs resell wireless communication services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The hierarchy for inputs used in determining fair value maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Assets and liabilities recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at fair value are categorized in the fair value hierarchy based on the observability of inputs to the valuation techniques as follows: 
Level 3:   Assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s estimates of the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the assets and liabilities. 
The availability of observable inputs varies by instrument. In situations where fair value is based on internally developed pricing models or inputs that are unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. The degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is typically greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. In many instances, valuation inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The category level in the fair value hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including during periods of market disruption. In periods of market disruption, the ability to observe prices and inputs may be reduced for many instruments.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2023 were as follows (in millions):    Measurement Category   Fair Value Measurement Alternative Other Total Equity securities $ 48   $ 4,479   $ 76   $ 4,603   Debt securities and other investments 0   0   69   69   
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2022 were as follows (in millions):    Measurement Category   Fair Value Measurement Alternative Other Total Equity securities $ 370   $ 4,204   $ 122   $ 4,696   Debt securities and other investments 0   0   88   88   
The Company holds investments in, or management agreements with, VIEs which the Company does not consolidate because it is not considered the primary beneficiary of these entities. The carrying value of VIEs within strategic investments was $ 354 million and $ 467 million, as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
