WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
To compensate Discovery for the note receivable and for the difference in fair value between the Lifestyle Business and the Entertainment Business retained by BBC, Discovery received cash of $ 88 million at closing and a note receivable from BBC of $ 130 million, payable in two equal installments. The first installment was received in June 2020 and the second installment is due in June 2021. The Company used a market-based valuation model to determine the fair value of the previously held 50 % equity method investment in the Lifestyle Business and recognized a gain of $ 5 million during the year ended December 31, 2019 for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the of the previously held equity interest. The gain is included in other income (expense), net in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 
The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to the Lifestyle Business, whereby the excess of the fair value of the business over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The goodwill reflects the workforce and synergies expected from broader exposure to the lifestyle entertainment sector in the U.K. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition is included in the International Networks reportable segment and is not amortizable for tax purposes. Intangible assets consist of electronic program guide slots and trademarks and have a weighted average useful life of 6 years. The Company used discounted cash flow ("DCF") analyses, which represent Level 3 fair value measurements, to assess certain components of its purchase price allocation. The measurement period closed in June 2020, with no material adjustments recorded. 
The final fair value of Lifestyle Business assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as a reconciliation to total assets received in dissolution of the UKTV joint venture, is presented in the table below (in millions).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Dixie Pipeline transports propane and other NGLs from locations in southeast Texas, south Louisiana and Mississippi to markets in the southeastern U.S. The Dixie Pipeline operates in seven states: Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Texas, and is connected to eight non-regulated propane terminals that we own and operate.
 • The Appalachia-to-Texas Express, or ATEX , pipeline transports ethane in southbound service from third-party owned NGL fractionation plants located in Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia to our Chambers County storage complex. Ethane originating at these fractionation facilities is sourced from the Marcellus and Utica Shale production areas. ATEX operates in nine states: Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and West Virginia.
 • The Chaparral NGL System transports mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities located in West Texas and New Mexico to Chambers County, Texas. This system consists of the 906-mile Chaparral pipeline and the 179-mile Quanah pipeline. Interstate and intrastate transportation services provided by the Chaparral pipeline are regulated; however, transportation services provided by the Quanah pipeline are not.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company offers merchandise in the following core merchandise categories: foods and sundries, non-foods, and fresh foods. The Company also provides expanded products and services through warehouse ancillary and other businesses. The majority of revenue from merchandise sales is recognized at the point of sale. Revenue generated through e-commerce or special orders is generally recognized upon shipment to the member. For merchandise shipped directly to the member, shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred as fulfillment costs and included in merchandise costs in the consolidated statements of income. In certain ancillary businesses, revenue is deferred until the member picks up merchandise at the warehouse. Deferred sales are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The Company is the principal for the majority of its transactions and recognizes revenue on a gross basis. The Company is the principal when it has control of the merchandise or service before it is transferred to the member, which generally is established when Costco is primarily responsible for merchandising decisions, pricing discretion, and maintains the relationship with the member, including assurance of member service and satisfaction. 
The Company accounts for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, ratably over the one-year membership period. Deferred membership fees at the end of 2023 and 2022 were $ 2,337 and $ 2,174 .
