SALESFORCE INC report:
Corporate Governance: We are committed to a corporate governance structure that promotes long-term stockholder value creation by providing a leadership structure and composition of the Board of Directors that is aligned with our strategic direction and providing our stockholders with both the opportunity to provide direct feedback and key substantive rights to ensure accountability. Governance is foundational to our ESG programs and we work actively with our Board of Directors on our initiatives. For example, our Audit and Finance Committee oversees cybersecurity matters and meets regularly with our Chief Trust Officer, and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees our ESG programs as set forth in its charter. The Privacy and Ethical Use Committee, comprised of independent directors, also oversees our privacy matters and meets regularly with our Office of Ethical and Humane Use of Technology. 
Our annual proxy statement, available on the Investor Relations website, https://investor.salesforce.com, or www.sec.gov, provides additional details on our corporate governance practices, including our board composition. 
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers, additional headcount in foreign countries and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Japanese Yen against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The computation of basic net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares that were outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares in the basic net income per share calculation plus the number of common shares that would be issued assuming vesting of all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding using the treasury stock method for shares subject to RSUs. 
Repurchased shares of common stock are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act. The par value of repurchased shares is deducted from common stock and the excess repurchase price over par value is deducted by allocation to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. The amount allocated to additional paid-in capital is the current value of additional paid-in capital per share outstanding and is applied to the number of shares repurchased. Any remaining amount is allocated to retained earnings. See Note 7 for additional information. 
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-02 - Leases (ASC 842), which required recognition on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by leases with terms greater than 12 months. The Company adopted ASC 842, using the modified retrospective transition method and used September 2, 2019, as the date of initial application. Consequently, the comparative periods presented continue to be in accordance with ASC 840, Leases, previously in effect.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In markets served by our crude oil and refined products pipelines, we face competition from other pipelines as well as rail and truck transportation. Generally, pipelines are the safest, lowest cost method for long-haul, overland movement of products and crude oil. Therefore, the most significant competitors for large volume shipments in the areas served by our pipelines are other pipelines. In addition, pipeline operations face competition from rail and trucks that deliver products in a number of areas that our pipeline operations serve. While their costs may not be competitive for longer hauls or large volume shipments, rail and trucks compete effectively for incremental and marginal volume in many areas served by our pipelines. 
With respect to competition from other pipelines, the primary competitive factors consist of transportation charges, access to crude oil supply and market demand. Competitive factors in crude oil purchasing and marketing include price and contract flexibility, quantity and quality of services, and accessibility to end markets. 
Our refined product terminals compete with other independent terminals with respect to price, versatility and services provided. The competition primarily comes from integrated petroleum companies, refining and marketing companies, independent terminal companies and distribution companies with marketing and trading operations.
