VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our indirect channel includes agents that sell our wireless and wireline products and services at retail locations throughout the U.S., as well as through the internet. The majority of these sales are made under exclusive selling arrangements with us. We also have relationships with high-profile national retailers that sell our wireless and wireline products and services, as well as convenience store chains that sell our wireless prepaid products and services. 
In addition to our direct channel, our Business segment has additional distribution channels that include business solution fulfillment provided by resellers, non-stocked device fulfillment performed by distributors and integrated mobility services provided by system integrators and resellers. 
With respect to our wireless connectivity products and services, we compete against other national wireless service providers, including AT&T Inc. and T-Mobile USA, Inc., as well as various regional wireless service providers. We also compete for retail activations with resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers, including Verizon, and resell it to their customers. Resellers include cable companies and others. Competition remains intense as a result of high rates of smartphone penetration in the wireless market, increased network investment by our competitors, the development and deployment of new technologies, such as 5G, the introduction of new products and services, offerings that include additional bundled premium content, new market entrants, the availability of additional licensed and unlicensed spectrum and regulatory changes. Competition may also increase as smaller, stand-alone wireless service providers merge or transfer licenses to larger, better capitalized wireless service providers and as MVNOs resell wireless communication services. In addition, DISH Network has committed to deploy a facilities-based 5G broadband network in each of its license areas capable of serving at least 70 percent of the U.S. population by June 2023, which could result in additional competitive pressures in the U.S. wireless industry.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 
• modern low-code and no code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; 
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings, providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities:

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Preferred stock   All outstanding preferred stock represents noncumulative perpetual preferred stock with a $1.00  par value per share and a liquidation preference of $25,000  per share. 
Excludes $13 million  related to the excess of redemption price over carrying value recognized as part of preferred stock dividends on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity. 
 On October 15, 2018, the Company redeemed all 15,400  shares of its Fixed Rate Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C (the “Series C Preferred Stock”), par value $1.00  per share and liquidation preference $25,000  per share and the corresponding depositary shares for a total redemption payment of $385 million . The redemption price in excess of the carrying value for the preferred shares was recognized as part of preferred stock dividends on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity.
