SALESFORCE INC report:
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and their customers together in the digital age. Founded in 1999, we enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain and artificial intelligence, to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. 
With our Customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to help companies with their digital transformation. Customer 360 gives teams sales, service, marketing and commerce capabilities and more, and a single shared view of their customers so they can work together to build lasting, trusted relationships and deliver the personalized experiences their customers expect. With our acquisition of Slack Technologies, Inc. (“Slack”) in July 2021, we are also creating a new digital headquarters where companies, employees, governments, and stakeholders can create success from anywhere. 
Our Customer 360 service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, rapidly deployed and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. We also enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our RMI, forward RMI purchase and sale contracts, and exchange traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. RMI are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. We estimate fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on commodity futures exchange quotations, broker or dealer quotations, or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter ("O TC") markets with appropriate adjustments for differences in local markets where our inventories are located. Certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. The significant unobservable inputs for RMI and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimations regarding costs of transportation and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight related adjustments in the interior of Brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in Canada. In both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums, and discounts in our contracts. Changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of Cost of goods sold. If we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as Inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and Cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income, respectively, could differ. Additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as Inventories, Unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and Cost of goods sold could differ. 
Trade Accounts Receivable —Trade accounts receivable is stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. We establish allowances for uncollectible trade accounts receivable based on lifetime expected credit losses utilizing an aging schedule for each pool of trade accounts receivable. Pools are determined based on risk characteristics such as the type of customer and geography. A default rate is derived using a provision matrix with data based on Bunge's historical receivables information. The default rate is then applied to the pool to determine the allowance for expected credit losses. Given the short term nature of our trade accounts receivable, the default rate is only adjusted if significant changes in the credit profile of the portfolio are identified (e.g., poor crop years, credit issues at the country level, systematic risk), resulting in historic loss rates that are not representative of forecasted losses. Uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount that is less than the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection of the balance is unlikely. 
Specifically, in establishing appropriate default rates as of December 31, 2020, we took into consideration expected impacts on our customers and other debtors in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors, which did not result in a material impact on our financial statements.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Under a fixed-term plan, the customer is sold the wireless device without any upfront charge or at a discounted price in exchange for entering into a fixed-term service contract (typically for a term of 24 months or less). 
Under a device payment plan, the customer is sold the wireless device in exchange for a non-interest-bearing installment note, which is repaid by the customer, typically over a 36 -month term, and concurrently enters into a month-to-month contract for wireless service. We may offer certain promotions that provide billing credits applied over a specified term, contingent upon the customer maintaining service. The credits are included in the transaction price, which are allocated to the performance obligations based on their relative selling price and are recognized when earned. 
A financing component exists in both our fixed-term plans and device payment plans because the timing of the payment for the device, which occurs over the contract term, differs from the satisfaction of the performance obligation, which occurs at contract inception upon transfer of the device to the customer. We periodically assess, at the contract level, the significance of the financing component inherent in our fixed-term and device payment plan receivable based on qualitative and quantitative considerations related to our customer classes. These considerations include assessing the commercial objective of our plans, the term and duration of financing provided, interest rates prevailing in the marketplace, and credit risks of our customer classes, all of which impact our selection of appropriate discount rates. Based on current facts and circumstances, we determined that the financing component in our existing wireless device payments and fixed-term contracts sold through the direct channel is not significant and therefore is not accounted for separately. See Note 8 for additional information on the interest on equipment financed on a device payment plan agreement when sold to the customer by an authorized agent in our indirect channel.
