MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We regularly evaluate our variable and fixed-rate debt as well as current and expected interest rates in the markets in which we raise capital. Our primary exposures include movements in U.S. Treasury rates, corporate credit spreads, commercial paper rates as well as limited debt tied to London Interbank Offered Rates (“LIBOR”). The Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom plans to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. We do not anticipate a significant impact to our financial position from the planned phase out of LIBOR given our current mix of variable and fixed-rate debt. We periodically use interest rate swaps and forward interest rate contracts to achieve a desired proportion of variable versus fixed rate debt based on current and projected market conditions. For more information on our 2020 debt activity, see Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements . 
We use a value at risk (“VAR”) computation to estimate: 1) the potential one-day loss in the fair value of our interest rate-sensitive financial instruments; and 2) the potential one-day loss in pre-tax earnings of our currency and commodity price-sensitive derivative financial instruments. The VAR analysis was done separately for our currency exchange, fixed income and commodity risk portfolios as of each quarter end during the periods presented below. The instruments included in the VAR computation were currency exchange forwards and options for currency exchange risk, debt and swaps for interest rate risk, and commodity forwards, futures and options for commodity risk. Excluded from the computation were anticipated transactions, currency trade payables and receivables, and net investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries, which the above-mentioned instruments are intended to hedge. 
The VAR model assumes normal market conditions, a 95% confidence interval and a one-day holding period. A parametric delta-gamma approximation technique was used to determine the expected return distribution in interest rates, currencies and commodity prices for the purpose of calculating the fixed income, currency exchange and commodity VAR, respectively. The parameters used for estimating the expected return distributions were determined by observing interest rate, currency exchange and commodity price movements over the prior quarter for the calculation of VAR amounts at December 31, 2020 and 2019, and over each of the four prior quarters for the calculation of average VAR amounts during each year. The values of currency and commodity options do not change on a one-to-one basis with the underlying currency or commodity and were valued accordingly in the VAR computation.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We buy most of our merchandise directly from manufacturers and route it to cross-docking consolidation points (depots) or directly to our warehouses. Our depots receive large shipments from manufacturers and quickly ship these goods to warehouses. This process creates freight volume and handling efficiencies, lowering costs associated with traditional multiple-step distribution channels. 
Our average warehouse space is approximately 146,000  square feet, with newer units being slightly larger. Floor plans are designed for economy and efficiency in the use of selling space, the handling of merchandise, 
and the control of inventory. Because shoppers are attracted principally by the quality of merchandise and low prices, our warehouses are not elaborate. By strictly controlling the entrances and exits and using a membership format, we believe our inventory losses (shrinkage) are well below those of typical retail operations.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s identification and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as its process for the assessment of events that may indicate a change in unrecognized tax benefits is warranted. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the completeness of identified unrecognized tax benefits, as well as controls over management’s review of significant assumptions used within the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits. 
With the support of our tax professionals, among other audit procedures performed, we evaluated the reasonableness of management’s judgement with respect to the interpretation of tax laws of multiple jurisdictions by reading and evaluating management’s documentation, including relevant accounting policies, and by considering how tax law, including statutes, regulations and case law, affected management’s judgments. We tested the completeness of management’s assessment of the identification of unrecognized tax benefits and possible outcomes related to it including evaluation of technical merits of the unrecognized tax benefits. We also tested, with the support of our valuation specialists, appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions associated with the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, including assessing the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority. 
We have audited Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria.
