BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. Both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. On a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the U.S. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. As a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. Subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
Additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. These amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange gains (losses). 
We primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. Intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. In contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange gains (losses).

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Mortgage loans and bank loans are carried at amortized cost, net, which represent the amount expected to be collected. The Company excludes accrued interest receivable from the amortized cost basis of its mortgage and bank loans. Credit loss allowances are estimates of expected credit losses, established for loans upon origination or purchase, and are established considering all relevant information available, including past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts over the life of the loans. Loans are evaluated on a pooled basis when they share similar risk characteristics; otherwise, they are evaluated individually. 
Investments in limited partnership interests are primarily accounted for in accordance with the equity method of accounting (“EMA”) and include interests in private equity funds, real estate funds and other funds. Investments in limited partnership interests purchased prior to January 1, 2018, where the Company’s interest is so minor that it exercises virtually no influence over operating and financial policies, are accounted for at fair value primarily utilizing the net asset value (“NAV”) as a practical expedient to determine fair value. 
Short-term investments, including money market funds, commercial paper, U.S. Treasury bills and other short-term investments, are carried at fair value. Other investments primarily consist of bank loans, policy loans, real estate and derivatives. Bank loans are primarily senior secured corporate loans. Policy loans

BOEING CO report:
Cash equivalents and other short-term investments (which are used to pay benefits) are held in a separate account which consists of a commingled fund (with daily liquidity) and separately held short-term securities and cash equivalents. All of the investments in this cash vehicle are valued daily using a market approach with inputs that include quoted market prices for similar instruments. In the event a market price is not available for instruments with an original maturity of one year or less, amortized cost is used as a proxy for fair value. Common and preferred stock equity securities are primarily valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices of identical instruments. 
Private equity and private debt NAV valuations are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows and market based comparable data. For those investments reported on a one-quarter lagged basis (primarily LPs) we use NAVs, adjusted for subsequent cash flows and significant events. 
Real estate and real asset NAV valuations are based on valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. For those investments reported on a one-quarter lagged basis (primarily LPs) NAVs are adjusted for subsequent cash flows and significant events. Publicly traded REITs and infrastructure stocks are valued using a market approach based on quoted market prices of identical instruments. Exchange-traded commodities futures positions are reported in accordance with changes in daily variation margin which is settled daily and therefore reflected in the payables and receivables portion of the table.
