SALESFORCE INC report:
Cross selling and upselling. We see significant opportunity to deepen our relationships with our existing customers. As our customers realize the benefits of our service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customer experience with premium editions and additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units, with the goal of ultimately becoming our customers' trusted advisors, inspiring enterprise-wide digital transformation and accelerating strategic engagements through direct discussions with the highest levels of our customers' executive management. 
Extending existing service offerings.  We offer multiple editions of our cloud service offerings at different price points to meet the needs of customers of different sizes and we have designed our solutions to accommodate new features and functionality. We intend to continue to expand all editions of our service offerings with new features, functions and increased security through our own development, acquisitions and partnerships. We have invested heavily in the AI capabilities of Einstein, which allows users of our products to deliver more predictive customer experiences, as well as innovations like Lightning and Trailhead that improve the entire platform. 
Reducing customer attrition.  We strive to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions prior to the end of their contractual terms with us through, among other things, customer success and other related programs.

BOEING CO report:
The accounting quantity for each program may include units that have been delivered, undelivered units under contract and units anticipated to be under contract in the reasonable future (anticipated orders). In developing total program estimates, all of these items within the accounting quantity must be considered. 
The following table provides details of the accounting quantities and firm orders by program as of December 31. Cumulative firm orders represent the cumulative number of commercial jet aircraft deliveries plus undelivered firm orders. Firm orders include military derivative aircraft that are not included in program accounting quantities. All revenues and costs associated with military derivative aircraft production are reported in the BDS segment. 
 Program 737   747   767   777   777X 787   † 2021 Program accounting quantities 10,400 1,574 1,243 1,750 350   1,500 Undelivered units under firm orders 3,414 6 108 58 253 411 (14) Cumulative firm orders 11,159 1,573 1,346 1,735 253 1,417 2020

ALLSTATE CORP report:
In January 2020, the Federal Open Market Committee (“FOMC”) maintained the target range for federal funds rate at 1-1/2 percent to 1-3/4 percent and maintained their inflation target of 2 percent. The FOMC noted that the current stance of monetary policy is appropriate to support sustained expansion of economic activity, strong labor market conditions and inflation returning to the target of 2 percent. The path 
of the federal funds rate will depend on economic conditions and their impact on the economic outlook. Interest-bearing investments are comprised of fixed income securities, mortgage loans, short-term 
Investing activity will continue to decrease our portfolio yield as long as market yields remain below the current portfolio yield. In the Allstate Annuities segment, the portfolio yield has been less impacted by reinvestment in the current low interest rate environment than other portfolios because much of the investment cash flows have been used to fund the managed reduction in spread-based liabilities. The decline in market-based portfolio yield and Allstate Annuities invested assets are expected to result in lower net investment income in future periods.
