ALLSTATE CORP report:
Includes the Allstate, Encompass and Esurance brands and Answer Financial. Offers private passenger auto, homeowners, other personal lines and commercial insurance through agencies and direct, including contact centers and the internet. 
Includes SquareTrade, Arity, InfoArmor, Allstate Roadside Services and Allstate Dealer Services, which offer a broad range of products and services that expand and enhance our customer value propositions. InfoArmor is included in Service Businesses since its acquisition on October 5, 2018. 
Offers voluntary benefits products, including life, accident, critical illness, short-term disability and other health insurance products sold through workplace enrolling independent agents and Allstate exclusive agencies.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• Sugar-BP Bunge Bioenergia produces two types of sugar: very high polarity ("VHP") raw sugar and crystal sugar. VHP sugar is similar to the raw sugar traded on major commodities exchanges, including the standard NY11 contract, and is sold almost exclusively for export. Crystal sugar is a non-refined white sugar and is principally sold domestically in Brazil. 
• Ethanol-BP Bunge Bioenergia produces and sells two types of ethanol: hydrous and anhydrous. Hydrous ethanol is consumed directly as a transport fuel, while anhydrous ethanol is blended with gasoline in transport fuels. 
The sugar produced at BP Bunge Bioenergia’s mills is sold in both the Brazilian domestic market, primarily in the confectionary and food processing industries, and export markets. The ethanol is sold primarily to customers for use in the Brazilian domestic market to meet demand for fuel, with sugar and ethanol also exported in the international market. BP Bunge Bioenergia competes with other sugar and ethanol producers both in Brazil and internationally, along with beet sugar processors and producers of other sweeteners and biofuels in the global market. Major competitors in Brazil include Cosan Limited/Raizen, São Martinho S.A. and Biosev ("Louis Dreyfus"). Major international competitors include British Sugar PLC, Südzucker AG, Cargill, Tereos S.A., Sucden S.A., ED&F Man Limited and COFCO.

BOEING CO report:
The equity method of accounting is used to account for investments for which we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over an investee. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if we have an ownership interest in the voting stock of an investee of between 20 % and 50 % . The cumulative earnings approach is used for cash flow classification of distributions received from equity method investments. 
Other Equity investments are recorded at fair value, with gains and losses recorded through net earnings. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are measured at cost, less impairments, plus or minus observable price changes. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are assessed for impairment quarterly. 
We classify investment income and loss on our Consolidated Statements of Operations based on whether the investment is operating or non-operating in nature. Operating investments align strategically and are integrated with our operations. Earnings from operating investments, including our share of income or loss from equity method investments, dividend income from other equity investments, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments, are recorded in Income from operating investments, net. Non-operating investments are those we hold for non-strategic purposes. Earnings from non-operating investments, including interest and dividends on marketable securities, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments are recorded in Other income/(loss), net.
