ALLSTATE CORP report:
As claims are reported, for certain liability claims of sufficient size and complexity, the field adjusting staff establishes case reserve estimates of ultimate cost, based on their assessment of facts and circumstances related to each individual claim. For other claims which occur in large volumes and settle in a relatively short time frame, it is not practical or efficient to set case reserves for each claim, and a statistical case reserve is set for these claims based on estimation techniques described above. In the normal course of business, we may also supplement our claims processes by utilizing third-party adjusters, appraisers, engineers, inspectors, and other professionals and information sources to assess and settle catastrophe and non-catastrophe related claims. 
Historically, the case reserves set by the field adjusting staff have not proven to be an entirely accurate estimate of the ultimate cost of claims. To provide for this, a development reserve is estimated using the processes described above and allocated to pending claims as a supplement to case reserves. Typically, the case, including statistical case, and supplemental development reserves comprise about 90% of total reserves. 
Another major component of reserves is IBNR, which comprises about 10% of total reserves. IBNR can be a small percentage of reserves for relatively short-term claims, such as auto physical damage claims, or a large percentage of reserves for claims that have uncertain payout requirements over a long period of time, such as auto injury and MCCA claims. All major components of reserves are affected by changes in claim frequency as well as claim severity.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Bandwidth (speed) and network reliability.   Consumers and small business customers seek fast and reliable connections for entertainment, communications and productivity. As Internet use increases, so do bandwidth requirements, both downstream and upstream. We and other network-based providers must ensure that our networks can meet these increasing bandwidth requirements. In addition, network reliability and security are increasingly important competitive factors for our Enterprise Solutions and Business Markets customers, which include state and local government and education (SLED) customers and small and medium business (SMB) customers. We continue to invest in our network to be able to meet growing bandwidth demand and provide reliable and secure networks. 
Pricing. Cable operators, telecommunications companies and integrated service providers use pricing to capture market share from incumbents. Pricing is also a significant factor as non-traditional modes of providing communication services emerge and new entrants compete for customers. For example, VoIP and portal-based voice and video calling is free or nearly free to customers and is often supported by advertising revenues. 
Customer service.  Customers expect industry-leading service from their service providers. As technologies and services evolve, the ability to excel in this area is important for customer acquisition and retention. For our Consumer Markets and Business Markets customers, we compete in this area through our service representatives and online support. We provide our Enterprise Solutions customers with ready access to their system and performance information and we conduct proactive testing of our network to identify issues before they affect their customers. In our Partner Solutions business, service improvement is achieved through continued system automation initiatives.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
