US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  and has issued subsequent amendments which have been introduced as ASC Topic 606. Topic 606, as amended, replaces Topic 605, the previous revenue recognition guidance. The new standard’s core principle is for companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration (that is, payment) to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard also results in enhanced disclosures about revenue, provides guidance for transactions that were not previously addressed comprehensively (for example, service revenue and contract modifications) and improves guidance for multiple-element arrangements. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal year 2018, with no significant impact to its financial position or results of operations , using the modified retrospective method. See Note 4, Revenue Recognition. 
In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-02, Income Statement, Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220), Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . This ASU permits an entity to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “Tax Act”) on items within accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal year 2019 and elected not to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Act from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. 
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842),  which supersedes ASC 840, Leases . The FASB has issued subsequent amendments to improve and clarify the implementation guidance of Topic 842. The new standard requires an entity to recognize leases on the balance sheet and to disclose key information about the entity's leasing arrangements. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal year 2019 using the modified retrospective transition approach, including certain practical expedients, for all leases existing at December 30, 2018, the effective and initial application date. The estimated impact of the adoption to the Company's consolidated financial statements included the recognition of operating lease liabilities of approximately $100 million  with corresponding right-of-use assets of approximately the same amount based on the present value of the remaining lease payments for existing operating leases. This standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's results of operations. The Company has revised its relevant policies and procedures, as applicable, to meet the new accounting, reporting and disclosure requirements of Topic 842 and has updated internal controls accordingly.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented strict health and safety protocols and taken appropriate measures in our facilities, including implementing temperature screening, social distancing, mask-wearing and work-from-home policies where applicable. As local governments began planning their vaccine rollout programs, we developed and deployed a three-phased vaccine advocacy strategy to understand intent, drive interest and secure vaccine availability for our colleagues all around the world. We will continue to employ a flexible approach to how and where we work for our office-based employees, focusing on new ways of working in the workplace that enables colleagues to work remotely when appropriate and evolves our office spaces to foster great connection and collaboration. 
Culture and Employee Engagement: We conduct confidential engagement surveys of our global workforce that are administered and analyzed by an independent third party. Aggregate survey results are reviewed by executive officers and the Board of Directors. We create action plans at global, regional, functional and managerial levels. By acting on results both at an aggregate enterprise level and a department/business/work group level, we have been able to enhance our culture and improve our overall engagement. 
We believe this reflects our ongoing efforts during the pandemic to focus on our employees, their well-being and the issues that matter to them. In 2021, we had over 12,000 colleagues actively participating in training that supported their well-being and provided them with new tools and resources to support remote work. We also launched initiatives to further agile ways of working and streamline decision-making processes to enhance productivity and employee engagement. We continue to build a winning growth culture and continue our commitment to work on the areas that matter to our people and build on our momentum.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Certain assets, primarily diagnostics instruments, are leased to customers under contractual arrangements that typically include an operating or sales-type lease as well as performance obligations for reagents and other consumables. Sales-type leases are not significant. Contract terms vary by customer and may include options to terminate the contract or options to extend the contract. Where instruments are provided under operating lease arrangements, some portion or the entire lease revenue may be variable and subject to subsequent non-lease component (e.g., reagent) sales. The allocation of revenue between the lease and non-lease components is based on stand-alone selling prices. Operating lease revenue represented less than 3 percent of Abbott’s total net sales in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. 
Assets related to operating leases are reported within Net property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The original cost and the net book value of such assets were $ 3.3 billion and $ 1.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2020 and $ 2.8 billion and $ 1.2 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2019.
Certain Abbott foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates primarily for anticipated intercompany purchases by those subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. These contracts, with gross notional amounts totaling $ 8.1 billion at December 31, 2020, and $ 6.8 billion at December 31, 2019, are designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of the cash flows due to changes in foreign exchange rates and are recorded at fair value. Accumulated gains and losses as of December 31, 2020 will be included in Cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally through the next twelve to eighteen months .
