BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We incorporate a commitment to sustainability into many of the areas of our business; from how we plan and develop our strategic goals and operate our facilities, to how we do business with our suppliers and customers and engage with our communities. Our philosophy is to "Act, Conserve and Engage" and our efforts include policies and initiatives to reduce deforestation, conserve resources in our operations and engage across our sector to address the sustainability challenges in the agribusiness and food value chain, such as the impacts of agricultural production on environmental resources. 
We are subject to various environmental protection and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate, and we incur costs to comply with these requirements. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations relating to environmental matters has not had a material financial or competitive effect on our business. However, due to our extensive operations across multiple industries and jurisdictions globally, we are exposed to the risk of claims and liabilities under these laws and regulations. Violation can result in substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities. 
Additionally, our business could be affected in the future by regulation or taxation of greenhouse gas emissions or policies related to national emission reduction plans. It is difficult to assess the potential impact of any resulting regulation of greenhouse gas emissions. Potential consequences could include increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and we may be required to make additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes. As a result, the effects of additional climate change regulatory initiatives could have adverse impacts on our business and results of operations. Physical

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated  statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent  likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. 
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income,

BOEING CO report:
A Continuing Resolution (CR), enacted on December 3, 2021, continues funding for the federal government at FY21 appropriated levels through February 18, 2022. Congress and the President must enact either full-year FY22 appropriations bills or an additional CR to fund government departments and agencies beyond February 18, 2022 or a government shutdown could result, which may impact the Company’s operations. 
At BGS, while the outlook is improving, we are continuing to see a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights and more aircraft parked result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings. Additionally, our commercial customers are curtailing discretionary spending, such as modifications and upgrades, and focusing on required maintenance. Similar to BCA, we expect a multi-year recovery period for the commercial services business. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable; government services comprises approximately half of BGS revenue, which is unchanged from pre-pandemic levels. 
At BDS, we continue to see a healthy market with solid demand for our major platforms and programs both domestically and internationally. However, while we continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to COVID-19 impacts, we saw improvements in 2021.
