MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of our assets and liabilities and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates that will apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. 
We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax laws and that we have properly accounted for uncertain tax positions. We recognize tax benefits in our financial statements from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The amount we recognize is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon resolution. We evaluate uncertain tax positions on an ongoing basis and adjust the amount recognized in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or expiration of a statute of limitations. We believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of uncertain tax positions are reasonable. However, final determination of historical tax liabilities, whether by settlement with tax authorities, judicial or administrative ruling or due to expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected on our consolidated balance sheet and historical income tax provisions. The outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our provision for income taxes, net earnings or cash flows in the period in which the determination is made. 
As a result of Swiss and U.S. tax reform and the related SEC guidance, we finalized our accounting for the legislation based on guidance issued prior to 2019 year end. See Note 16, Income Taxes , for further discussion of the amounts recorded related to Swiss and U.S. tax reform in our financial statements, as well as additional information on our effective tax rate, current and deferred taxes, valuation allowances and unrecognized tax benefits.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Management of Discovery, Inc. (the “Company”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of the inherent limitations in any internal control, no matter how well designed, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
The Company’s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s system of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 based on the framework set forth in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective at a reasonable assurance level based on the specified criteria.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Front Range Pipeline transports mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities located in the DJ Basin in Colorado to an interconnect with our Texas Express Pipeline, Mid-America Pipeline System and other third-party facilities located at Skellytown, Texas.
 • The Houston Ship Channel Pipeline System connects our Mont Belvieu area assets to our marine terminals on the Houston Ship Channel and to area petrochemical plants, refineries and other pipelines.
 • The Aegis Ethane Pipeline (“Aegis”) delivers purity ethane to petrochemical facilities located along the southeast Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast. Aegis, when combined with a portion of our South Texas NGL Pipeline System, forms an ethane header system stretching from Corpus Christi, Texas to the Mississippi River in Louisiana.
