COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We buy most of our merchandise directly from suppliers and route it to cross-docking consolidation points (depots) or directly to our warehouses. Our depots receive large shipments from suppliers and quickly ship these goods to warehouses. This process creates freight volume and handling efficiencies, lowering costs associated with traditional multiple-step distribution channels. Our e-commerce operations ship 
Our average warehouse space is approximately 147,000 square feet, with newer units being slightly larger. Floor plans are designed for economy and efficiency in the use of selling space, the handling of merchandise, and the control of inventory. Because shoppers are attracted principally by the quality of merchandise and low prices, our warehouses are not elaborate. By strictly controlling the entrances and exits and using a membership format, we believe our inventory losses (shrinkage) are well below those of typical retail operations. 
Our warehouses on average operate on a seven-day, 70-hour week. Gasoline operations generally have extended hours. Because the hours of operation are shorter than many other retailers, and due to other efficiencies inherent in a warehouse-type operation, labor costs are lower relative to the volume of sales. Merchandise is generally stored on racks above the sales floor and displayed on pallets containing large quantities, reducing labor required. In general, with variations by country, our warehouses accept certain credit cards, including Costco co-branded cards, debit cards, cash and checks, Executive member 2% reward certificates, co-brand cardholder rebates, and our proprietary stored-value card (shop card).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• lower investments at our Chambers County complex (e.g., completion of our natural gasoline hydrotreater in October 2021 and a year-to-year decrease in spending on our PDH 2 facility, partially offset by a year-to-year increase in spending on Frac XII), which accounted for a net $195 million decrease;
 • lower investments in projects attributable to our ethylene business (e.g., completion of our Baymark ethylene pipeline in November 2021), which accounted for a $99 million decrease; partially offset by
 • higher investments in natural gas processing and gathering projects in the Permian Basin (e.g., construction of four natural gas processing plants and related gathering systems), which accounted for a $289 million increase; and

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Content on HGTV includes House Hunters , House Hunters International , Fixer Upper , Flip or Flop , The Property Brothers , Home Town , Good Bones , Restored by the Fords , Caribbean Life and Beachfront Bargain Hunt . 
The most distributed ad-supported cable network in the U.S., Food Network reached approximately 91 million  subscribers in the U.S. as of December 31, 2018  and 110 million  combined subscribers and viewers in international markets as of December 31, 2018 . 
Food Network programming content attracts audiences interested specifically in food-related entertainment including competition and travel, as well as food-related topics such as recipes, food preparation, entertaining and dining out.
