COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
RSUs granted to employees generally vest over five years and allow for quarterly vesting of the pro-rata number of stock-based awards that would vest on the next anniversary of the grant date in the event of retirement or voluntary termination. Actual forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
Compensation expense for stock-based awards is predominantly recognized using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. Awards for employees and non-employee directors provide for accelerated vesting based on cumulative years of service with the Company. Compensation expense for the accelerated shares is recognized upon achievement of the long-service term. The cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized at any point in time equals at least the portion of the grant-date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. The fair value of RSUs is calculated as the market value of the common stock on the measurement date less the present value of the expected dividends forgone during the vesting period. 
Stock-based compensation expense is predominantly included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Certain stock-based compensation costs are capitalized or included in the cost of merchandise. See Note 8 for additional information on the Company’s stock-based compensation plans.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
EARNINGS PER SHARE — Unvested restricted stock units and awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are treated as participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share under the two-class method. Under the two-class method, net earnings are allocated between common shares and participating securities. Earnings from Continuing Operations allocated to common shares in 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $ 3.666 billion, $ 2.320 billion and $ 346 million, respectively. Net earnings allocated to common shares in 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $ 3.666 billion, $ 2.353 billion and $ 468 million, respectively.
PENSION AND POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS — Abbott accrues for the actuarially determined cost of pension and post-employment benefits over the service attribution periods of the employees. Abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. Differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual return are amortized over a five - year period. Actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees under the corridor method. 
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS — For assets and liabilities that are measured using quoted prices in active markets, total fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured using significant other observable inputs are valued by reference to similar assets or liabilities, adjusted for contract restrictions and other terms specific to that asset or liability. For these items, a significant portion of fair value is derived by reference to quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets. For all remaining assets and liabilities, fair value is derived using a fair value model, such as a discounted cash flow model or Black-Scholes model. Purchased intangible assets are recorded at fair value. The fair value of significant purchased intangible assets is based on independent appraisals. Abbott uses a discounted cash flow model to value intangible assets. The discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, the cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on a quarterly basis. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
3. Auditing the sufficiency of the Company’s disclosure of this matter in the footnotes to the financial statements is challenging due to the number of uncertainties associated with the obligation. 
Our audit procedures to address the Company’s assumptions used to measure its obligation to pay for CSPF coordinating benefits to the UPS Transfer Group (the “Coordinating Benefits”) included the following, among others: 
• We tested the effectiveness of controls over Coordinating Benefits assumptions, including those over the determination of the accounting model, the key legal position relevant to the level of financial assistance guaranteed by the PBGC based upon enacted law, the other actuarial assumptions used to project the Coordinating Benefits obligation; and the related financial statement disclosures.
