ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The ICA prescribes that the rates we charge for transportation on these interstate liquids pipelines must be just and reasonable, and that the rules applied to our services not unduly discriminate against or confer any undue preference upon any shipper. The FERC regulations implementing the ICA further require that interstate liquids pipeline transportation rates and rules be filed with the FERC. The ICA permits interested persons to challenge proposed new or changed rates or rules, and authorizes the FERC to investigate such changes and to suspend their effectiveness for a period of up to seven months. Upon completion of such an investigation, the FERC may require refunds of amounts collected above what it finds to be a just and reasonable level, together with interest. The FERC may also investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, a carrier’s rates and related rules that are already in effect. If the FERC concludes, after holding a hearing on such complaint, that the challenged rate or rule was not just and reasonable, it may order a carrier to change the rate or rule prospectively and pay damages (i.e., reparations) caused by the imposition of such rate or rule for a period of up to two years prior to the filing of the complaint.
The rates charged for our interstate liquids pipeline services are generally based on a FERC-approved indexing methodology, which allows a pipeline to charge rates up to a prescribed ceiling that changes annually based primarily on the year-to-year change in the U.S. Producer Price Index for Finished Goods (“PPI”). A rate increase within the indexed rate ceiling is presumed to be just and reasonable unless a protesting party can demonstrate that the rate increase is substantially in excess of changes in the pipeline’s operating costs. The FERC indexing is subject to review and revision every five years. On December 17, 2020, the FERC issued a final rule setting the index for the five-year period beginning July 1, 2021, and ending on June 30, 2026, at PPI plus 0.78%. On January 20, 2022, the FERC granted rehearing of certain aspects of the final rule and revised the index level to PPI minus 0.21% effective March 1, 2022 through June 30, 2026. The FERC ordered pipelines with filed rates that exceed their index ceiling levels based on PPI minus 0.21% to file rate reductions effective March 1, 2022. Enterprise, together with a number of other midstream companies, is currently contesting this index change in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. This appeal could result in a further change to the index. As an alternative to this indexing methodology, we may also choose to support changes in our rates based on a cost-of-service methodology, by obtaining advance approval to charge “market-based rates,” or by charging “settlement rates” agreed to by all affected shippers. Certain of our pipelines have been granted market-based rate authority by the FERC, including Seaway.
In March 2018, the FERC issued a Revised Policy Statement on the Treatment of Income Taxes (the “Revised Policy”). The Revised Policy reversed a 13-year old policy that permitted a pipeline owned by a master limited partnership (“MLP”) to recover an income tax allowance (“ITA”) in its cost-of-service rates, if it could demonstrate that the ultimate owners of the pipeline (i.e., the unitholders of the MLP) have an actual or potential income tax liability. In July 2018, the FERC, in an Order on Rehearing, decided to provide pipeline MLPs the opportunity to argue for inclusion of an ITA in cost-of-service rates on a case-by-case basis, as opposed to having no opportunity to recover an ITA. The D.C. Circuit upheld the Revised Policy and Order on Rehearing on July 31, 2020 following court challenges initiated in September 2018.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• flexible working arrangements around the globe to enable our employees to better balance work and personal commitments, which were expanded during the COVID-19 pandemic to support our employees’ health and safety. 
Our DE&I objective is to foster a culture of equity, inclusion, and mutual respect. In 2020 we emphasized our DE&I focus through Mosaic – our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion activation. Mosaic covers a range of initiatives, including: Unconscious Bias, Respect & Integrity; Allyship; Recruitment and Career Development; Content Diversity; Supplier Diversity; and Social Impact. 
We sponsor over 30 chapters of Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”) across the globe with more than 2,500 members. ERGs draw upon their collection of unique experiences to help drive our mission of fostering a diverse and inclusive environment and provide important insights to our diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
While we do not anticipate further changes in the 2020 assumptions for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension and postretirement health care plans, as a sensitivity measure, a fifty-basis point change in our discount rates or the expected rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects, increase/(decrease), on our annual benefit plan costs: 
In accordance with obligations we have under collective bargaining agreements, we participate in multiemployer pension plans. In 2017, the only individually significant multiemployer plan we contributed to was the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund. Our obligation to contribute to the Fund arose with respect to 8 collective bargaining agreements covering most of our employees represented by the Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco and Grain Millers Union. All of those collective bargaining agreements expired in 2016. In 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal from the Fund and recorded a $429 million estimated withdrawal liability. On July 11, 2019, we received an undiscounted withdrawal liability assessment from the Fund totaling $526 million requiring pro-rata monthly payments over 20 years and we recorded a $35 million final adjustment to reduce our 
As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. The provision for income taxes includes the amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. Our provision for income taxes is significantly affected by shifts in the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings across tax jurisdictions, changes in tax laws and regulations, tax planning opportunities available in each tax jurisdiction and the ultimate outcome of various tax audits.
