ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
While the aggregate cost to complete the numerous projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon Abbott’s ability to successfully finish each project, the rate at which each project advances, and the ultimate timing for completion. Given the potential for significant delays and the risk of failure inherent in the development of medical device, diagnostic and pharmaceutical products and technologies, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all projects currently in development. Abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending that will be competitive in each of the businesses in which it participates, and such spending is targeted at approximately 7 percent of total Abbott sales in 2022. Abbott does not regularly accumulate or make management decisions based on the total expenses incurred for a particular development phase in a given period.
At December 31, 2021, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $23.2 billion. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. The results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value.
Net cash from operating activities amounted to $10.5 billion, $7.9 billion and $6.1 billion in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2021 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings and improved working capital management partially offset by higher cash taxes paid and the net impact of litigation settlements. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2020 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings, lower payments related to interest, integration expenses, and restructuring actions, and the proceeds from a litigation settlement partially offset by an increased investment in working capital and higher income tax payments.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt and the proportionate amount of each varies as a result of current and expected business requirements, market conditions and other factors. Due to seasonality, in the first and second quarters of the year, our working capital requirements grow, increasing the need for short-term financing. The second half of the year typically generates higher cash flows. As such, we may issue commercial paper or secure other forms of financing throughout the year to meet short-term working capital or other financing needs. 
Refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , for a projection of long-term debt scheduled to mature (including current maturities and finance leases) in future periods. In the next 12 months, we expect to repay approximately $0.3 billion of maturing long-term debt. We fund ongoing debt maturities and other long-term obligations using cash on hand or we may refinance obligations with long-term debt or short-term financing (such as our commercial paper borrowings) depending on financing available, timing considerations, flexibility to raise funding and the cost of financing. 
At its July 2022 meeting, the Board of Directors approved a new $2 billion long-term financing authorization that replaced the prior long-term financing authorization of $7 billion. As of December 31, 2022, $1.5 billion of the long-term financing authorization remained available.
