SALESFORCE INC report:
A reconciliation of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to the provision for (benefit from) income taxes included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations is as follows (in millions): 
(1) Fiscal 2021 effects of non-U.S. operations included tax benefit from the transfer of certain intangible property in Ireland. Fiscal 2020 included incremental tax costs associated with the integration of acquired operations and assets. 
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.

BOEING CO report:
Some of our development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis and BDS customers are increasingly seeking fixed priced proposals for new programs. Examples of significant fixed-price development programs include Commercial Crew, KC-46A Tanker, T-7A Red Hawk, VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, MQ-25, and commercial and military satellites. New programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. Many development programs have highly complex designs. As technical or quality issues arise during development, we may experience schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. These programs are ongoing, and while we believe the cost and fee estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of these programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, the loss of satellite in-orbit incentive payments, or other financially significant exposure. These programs have risk for reach-forward losses if our estimated costs exceed our estimated contract revenues. 
KC-46A Tanker The KC-46A Tanker is a derivative of our 767 commercial aircraft. In 2011, we were awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force ( USAF ) to design, develop, manufacture and deliver next generation aerial refueling tankers. The contract contains production options for both low rate initial production (LRIP) aircraft and full rate production aircraft. Since 2016, the USAF has authorized five LRIP lots for a total of 67 aircraft. The Engineering, Manufacturing and Development (EMD) contract and the five authorized LRIP lots are valued at approximately $15 billion. If all options under the contract are exercised, we expect to deliver 179 aircraft for a total expected contract value of approximately $30 billion. In January 2019, we delivered the first KC-46A to the USAF, and by December 2019, we had delivered a total of 28 aircraft. 
During 2017, we recorded reach-forward losses of $445 million related to this program, primarily reflecting higher estimated costs associated with certification and incorporating changes into LRIP aircraft. During 2018, we recorded additional reach-forward losses of $736 million primarily reflecting higher estimated costs associated with certification, flight testing and change incorporation on aircraft, as well as higher than expected effort to meet customer requirements in order to support delivery of the initial aircraft. During 2019, we recorded additional reach-forward losses of $148 million reflecting higher manufacturing costs.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Advanced Communications Services. We offer a suite of services to our customers to help them communicate with their employees, partners, vendors, constituents and customers. These products include Internet Protocol (IP)-based voice services, unified communications and collaboration tools and customer contact center solutions. 
Security services . We offer a suite of management and data security services that help our customers protect, detect and respond to security threats to their networks, data, applications and infrastructure. 
Core services . We provide a portfolio of domestic and global voice and data solutions utilizing traditional telecommunications technology, including voice calling, messaging services, conferencing, contact center solutions and private line and data access networks. Core services also include the provision of customer premises equipment, and installation, maintenance and site services.
