MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We generally fund short- and long-term cash requirements with cash from operating activities as well as cash proceeds from short- and long-term debt financing (refer to Debt below). We generally do not use equity to fund our ongoing obligations. 
We believe our ability to generate substantial cash from operating activities and readily access capital markets and secure financing at competitive rates are key strengths and give us significant flexibility to meet our short and long-term financial commitments. Our cash flow activity over the last three years is noted below:  2021 
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 4,141 $ 3,964 $ 3,965 Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities $ (26) $ 500 $ (960) Net cash used in financing activities $ (4,069) $ (2,215) $ (2,787)

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In general, each remediation site/issue is evaluated individually based upon information available for the site/issue and no pooling or statistical analysis is used to evaluate an aggregate risk for a group of similar items (e.g., service station sites) in determining the amount of probable loss accrual to be recorded. ETO’s estimates of environmental remediation costs also frequently involve evaluation of a range of estimates. In many cases, it is difficult to determine that one point in the range of loss estimates is more likely than any other. In these situations, existing accounting guidance requires that the minimum of the range be accrued. Accordingly, the low end of the range often represents the amount of loss which has been recorded. The Partnership’s consolidated balance sheet reflected $320 million in environmental accruals as of December 31, 2019 . 
Total future costs for environmental remediation activities will depend upon, among other things, the identification of any additional sites, the determination of the extent of the contamination at each site, the timing and nature of required remedial actions, the nature of operations at each site, the technology available and needed to meet the various existing legal requirements, the nature and terms of cost-sharing arrangements with other potentially responsible parties, the availability of insurance coverage, the nature and extent of future environmental laws and regulations, inflation rates, terms of consent agreements or remediation permits with regulatory agencies and the determination of the Partnership’s liability at the sites, if any, in light of the number, participation level and financial viability of the other parties. The recognition of additional losses, if and when they were to occur, would likely extend over many years. Management believes that the Partnership’s exposure to adverse developments with respect to any individual site is not expected to be material. However, if changes in environmental laws or regulations occur or the assumptions used to estimate losses at multiple sites are adjusted, such changes could impact multiple facilities, formerly owned facilities and third-party sites at the same time. As a result, from time to time, significant charges against income for environmental remediation may occur; however, management does not believe that any such charges would have a material adverse impact on the Partnership’s consolidated financial position. 
Deferred Income Taxes. ET recognizes benefits in earnings and related deferred tax assets for net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) and tax credit carryforwards. If necessary, a charge to earnings and a related valuation allowance are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized by the Partnership in the future. Deferred income tax assets attributable to state and federal NOLs and federal tax alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards totaling $936 million have been included in ET’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2019 . The state NOL carryforward benefits of $149 million ( $118 million net of federal benefit) begin to expire in 2020 with a substantial portion expiring between 2033 and 2039 . ET’s corporate subsidiaries have federal NOLs of $3.42 billion ( $718 million in benefits) of which $1.3 billion will expire between 2031 and 2037. Any federal NOL generated in 2018 and future years can be carried forward indefinitely. Federal alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of $15 million remained at December 31, 2019 . We have determined that a valuation allowance totaling $62 million ( $49 million net of federal income tax effects) is required for state NOLs as of December 31, 2019 primarily due to significant restrictions on their use in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. A separate valuation allowance of $46 million

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We have granted put rights to certain consolidated subsidiaries, but we are unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of any payment. We recorded the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest in the equity associated with the put rights as a component of redeemable noncontrolling interest in the amount of $363 million. (See Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
The Food Network and Cooking Channel are operated and organized under the terms of the TV Food Network Partnership (the "Partnership"). We hold interests in the Partnership, along with another noncontrolling owner. The Partnership agreement specifies a dissolution date of December 31, 2022. If the term of the Partnership is not extended prior to that date, the Partnership agreement permits us, as holder of 80% of the applicable votes, to reconstitute the Partnership and continue its business. If for some reason the Partnership is not continued, it will be required to limit its activities to winding up, settling debts, liquidating assets and distributing proceeds to the partners in proportion to their partnership interests. 
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into transactions with related parties, primarily the Liberty Entities and our equity method investees. Information regarding transactions and amounts with related parties is discussed in Note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
