SALESFORCE INC report:
Supporting Our Communities . Giving back is foundational to our corporate culture and our core value of equality. In the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, our social value contribution include the following: 
• Approximately $1.4 billion in donated or discounted products provided to non-profits and higher education institutions via Salesforce.org. We calculate the social value of products sold or donated based on the estimated price we would have received if a comparable product was sold to a for-profit business of similar size and location, less the price that we received, if any, for the same product from a qualified non-profit educational institution or other Non-Government Organization (“NGO”). When a comparable Salesforce product price was not readily available, we used a ratio based on the weighted average of the Salesforce price to a for-profit company compared to the Salesforce price to a non-profit company. 
Climate Action . Salesforce continues to support science-based climate policies and decarbonization actions intended to limit the global average temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Catastrophe losses increased 9.9% or $254 million in 2020 compared to 2019. Catastrophe losses include approximately $495 million favorable subrogation settlements, which decreased the loss ratio by 1.4 points in 2020 compared to the same period of 2019. Excluding subrogation settlements, catastrophe losses increased approximately 30% or $750 million compared to 2019. 
We define a “catastrophe” as an event that produces pre-tax losses before reinsurance in excess of $1 million and involves multiple first party policyholders, or a winter weather event that produces a number of claims in excess of a preset, per-event threshold of average claims in a specific area, occurring within a certain amount of time following the event. Catastrophes are caused by various natural events including high winds, winter storms and freezes, tornadoes, hailstorms, wildfires, tropical storms, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes and volcanoes. We are also exposed to man-made catastrophic events, such as certain types of terrorism, wildfires or industrial accidents. The nature and level of catastrophes in any period cannot be reliably predicted. 
Combined ratio impact Average catastrophe loss per event Size of catastrophe loss Greater than $250 million 1 0.9 % $ 518 18.4 % 1.4 $ 518 $101 million to $250 million 6 5.7 953 33.9 2.7 159 $50 million to $100 million 11 10.5 740 26.3 2.1 67 Less than $50 million 87 82.9 1,103 39.3 3.1 13 Total 105   100.0   % 3,314   117.9   9.3   32 Prior year reserve reestimates (503) (17.9) (1.4) Total catastrophe losses $ 2,811   100.0   % 7.9

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The FCC regulates some of the rates that carriers pay each other for the exchange of voice traffic (particularly traditional wireline traffic) over different networks and other aspects of interconnection for some voice services. The FCC also regulates some of the rates and terms and conditions for certain wireline "business data services" and other services and network facilities. Verizon is both a seller and a buyer of these services, and both makes and receives interconnection payments. The FCC has focused in recent years on whether changes in the rates, terms and conditions for both the exchange of traffic and for business data services may be appropriate. 
Since the time that COVID-19 began to spread throughout the world in 2020, Verizon has been subject to various international, federal, state and local policies, regulations and initiatives aimed at reducing the transmission of the disease and protecting the health and safety of the world’s population. In addition, governments have imposed a wide variety of consumer protection measures that limit how certain businesses, including telecommunications companies, can operate their business and interact with their customers. Because the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain and rapidly changing, the impact of the crisis and the governmental responses to the crisis on our business in 2022 and beyond remains uncertain and difficult to predict. 
We make available, free of charge on our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports at https://www.verizon.com/about/investors as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports and other information are also available on the SEC's website at https://www.sec.gov. We periodically provide other information for investors on our website, including news and announcements regarding our financial performance, information on corporate governance and details related to our annual meeting of shareholders. We encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners and other stakeholders to review the information we post on this channel. Website references in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the websites. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report.
