SALESFORCE INC report:
In April 2022, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Traction Sales and Marketing Inc. ("Traction on Demand”), a professional services firm that provides innovative and critical solutions to clients using the Company’s service offerings and other advanced cloud technologies. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Traction on Demand was approximately $ 340 million, which consisted primarily of $ 302 million in cash. The Company recorded approximately $ 62 million for customer relationships with estimated useful lives of five years . The Company recorded approximately $ 293 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce. For the goodwill balance, there is some basis for foreign income tax purposes but no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The primary areas that remain preliminary relate to the fair values of intangible assets acquired, certain tangible assets and liabilities acquired, legal and other contingencies as of the acquisition date, income and non-income-based taxes and residual goodwill. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. The Company has included the financial results of Traction on Demand in its condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition, which were not material. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. 
On July 21, 2021, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Slack, a leading channel-based messaging platform. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $ 54 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense during fiscal 2022. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Slack was approximately $ 27.1 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions):  
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. A share conversion ratio of 0.1885 and 0.1804 was applied to convert Slack's outstanding (i) stock options and restricted stock units and (ii) restricted stock awards, respectively, into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock.

BOEING CO report:
We review the adequacy of the allowance attributable to the remaining receivables (after excluding receivables subject to a specific impairment allowance) by assessing both the collateral exposure and the applicable cumulative default rate. Collateral exposure for a particular receivable is the excess of the carrying value of the receivable over the fair value of the related collateral. A receivable with an estimated fair value in excess of the carrying value is considered to have no collateral exposure. The applicable cumulative default rate is determined using two components: customer credit ratings and weighted average remaining contract term. Internally assigned credit ratings, our credit quality indicator, are determined for 
We have entered into agreements with certain customers that would entitle us to look beyond the specific collateral underlying the receivable for purposes of determining the collateral exposure as described above. Should the proceeds from the sale of the underlying collateral asset resulting from a default condition be insufficient to cover the carrying value of our receivable (creating a shortfall condition), these agreements would, for example, permit us to take the actions necessary to sell or retain certain other assets in which the customer has an equity interest and use the proceeds to cover the shortfall. 
Each quarter we review customer credit ratings, published historical credit default rates for different rating categories, and multiple third-party aircraft value publications as a basis to validate the reasonableness of the allowance for losses on receivables. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from estimates or that the consideration of these factors in the future will not result in an increase or decrease to the allowance for losses on receivables.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The following summarizes the fair value of derivative instruments with termination, cross-default or collateral credit-risk-contingent features that are in a liability position as of December 31, as well as the fair value of assets and collateral that are netted against the liability in accordance with provisions within legally enforceable MNAs. 
A credit default swap (“CDS”) is a derivative instrument, representing an agreement between two parties to exchange the credit risk of a specified entity (or a group of entities), or an index based on the credit risk of a group of entities (all commonly referred to as the “reference entity” or a portfolio of “reference entities”), in return for a periodic premium. In selling 
protection, CDSs are used to replicate fixed income securities and to complement the cash market when credit exposure to certain issuers is not available or when the derivative alternative is less expensive than the cash market alternative. CDSs typically have a five -year term.
