ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Patoka, Illinois Terminal. The Patoka, Illinois terminal is a tank farm owned by the PEP joint venture and is located in Marion County, Illinois. The facility includes 234 acres of owned land and provides for approximately 1.9 MMBbls of crude oil storage. 
• Houston Terminal. The Houston Terminal consists of storage tanks located on the Houston Ship Channel with an aggregate storage capacity of 18.2 MMBbls used to store, blend and transport refinery products and refinery feedstocks via pipeline, barge, rail, truck and ship. This facility has five deep-water ship docks on the Houston Ship Channel capable of loading and unloading Suezmax cargo vessels and seven barge docks which can accommodate 23 barges simultaneously, three crude oil pipelines connecting to four refineries and numerous rail and truck loading spots. 
• Cushing Facilities. The Cushing Facility has approximately 7.6 MMBbls of crude oil storage, of which 5.6 MMBbls are leased to customers and 2.0 MMBbls are available for crude oil operations, blending and marketing activities. The storage terminal has inbound connections with the White Cliffs Pipeline from Platteville, Colorado, the Great Salt Plains Pipeline from Cherokee, Oklahoma, the Cimarron Pipeline from Boyer, Kansas, and two-way connections with all of the other major storage terminals in Cushing. The Cushing terminal also includes truck unloading facilities.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(9) Refer to Note 12, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and Note 17, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information. 
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise across our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. See Note 18, Segment Reporting, for additional information on our segments and Items Affecting Comparability of Financial Results earlier in this section for items affecting our segment operating results.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company accounts for investment tax credits utilizing the flow through method. As of December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , the carrying value of the Company's renewable energy investments was $89 million  and $98 million , respectively. The Company has $4 million  of future funding commitments for these investments as of December 31, 2018 , which are cancelable under limited circumstances. The Company has concluded that losses incurred on these investments to-date are not indicative of an other-than-temporary impairment due to the nature of these investments. Losses in the early stages of investments in companies that sponsor renewable energy projects are not uncommon, and the Company expects improved performance from these investments in future periods. 
At December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , the Company's other equity method investments included production companies such as All3Media, a Russian cable television business, Mega TV in Chile and certain joint ventures in Canada. Other equity method investments acquired in conjunction with the acquisition of Scripps Networks include joint ventures in Canada, and HGTV and Food Network Magazines. The Company recorded impairment losses of $29 million  for the year ended December 31, 2018  because the carrying amount of certain investments was not recoverable. The impairment losses are reflected as a component of loss from equity investees, net on the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 
With the exception of the OWN investment prior to the Company's November 30, 2017  consolidation (see Note 3), UKTV, nC+, and certain investments in renewable energy projects for which the Company uses the HLBV methodology for allocating earnings, the carrying values of the Company’s remaining equity method investments are consistent with its ownership in the underlying net assets of the investees. A portion of the purchase prices associated with UKTV and nC+ was attributed to amortizable intangible assets, which are included in their carrying values. Earnings from our equity investees were reduced by the amortization of these intangibles by $27 million  during the period from March 6, 2018  to December 31, 2018 . Amortization that reduces the Company's equity in earnings of equity method investees for future periods is expected to be approximately $291 million .
