WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We transact business globally and are subject to risks associated with changing foreign currency exchange rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows and future earnings. Our International Networks segment operates from hubs in EMEA, Latin America and Asia. Cash is primarily managed from five global locations with net earnings reinvested locally and working capital requirements met from existing liquid funds. To the extent such funds are not sufficient to meet working capital requirements, drawdowns in the appropriate local currency are available from intercompany borrowings or drawdowns from our revolving credit facility. The earnings of certain international operations are expected to be reinvested in those businesses indefinitely. 
The functional currency of most of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We are exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that we enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies ("non-functional currency risk"). Such transactions include affiliate and ad sales arrangements, content arrangements, equipment and other vendor purchases and intercompany transactions. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses based upon period-end exchange rates. We also record realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Moreover, we will experience fluctuations in our revenues, costs and expenses solely as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
We also are exposed to unfavorable and potentially volatile fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, which is our reporting currency, against the currencies of our operating subsidiaries when their respective financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Cumulative translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of equity. Any increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against any foreign functional currency of one of our operating subsidiaries will cause us to experience unrealized foreign currency translation gains or losses with respect to amounts already invested in such foreign currencies. Accordingly, we may experience a negative impact on our net income (loss), other comprehensive income (loss) and equity with respect to our holdings solely as a result of changes in foreign currency.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Norco NGL fractionator receives mixed NGLs from refineries and natural gas processing facilities located in southern Louisiana and along the Mississippi and Alabama Gulf Coast, including our Pascagoula and Venice facilities.
We are currently constructing a 60 MBPD natural gasoline hydrotreater facility at our Mont Belvieu-area complex along with related storage and pipeline infrastructure. The new facility, which is designed to lower the sulfur content of natural gasoline, is scheduled to be completed and placed into service during the fourth quarter of 2021.
We utilize underground salt dome storage caverns and above-ground storage tanks to store mixed and purity NGLs, petrochemicals and related products that are owned by us and our customers. The results of operations from our storage facilities are dependent upon the level of storage capacity reserved by customers, the volume of product delivered into and withdrawn from storage, and the fees associated with each activity.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Employee Engagement: We conduct confidential engagement surveys of our global workforce that are administered and analyzed by an independent third-party. Aggregate survey results are reviewed by executive officers and the Board of Directors. We create action plans at global, business unit and functional levels as well as for individual managers with direct reports who participate in the survey. By acting on results both at an aggregate enterprise level and a department/business/work group level, and by analyzing our scores compared to both global and internal benchmarks, we have been able to enhance our culture and improve our overall engagement levels. 
High impact initiatives including flexible working and proactive support to our people throughout the pandemic have been and will continue to be important drivers of engagement. We also have focused capability building initiatives on agile ways of working and streamlining decision making processes to drive engagement. We are building a winning growth culture that more effectively leverages local commercial expertise and invests in talent and key capabilities. This enables the Company to move with greater speed and agility. 
For additional detail on D&I, our workplace safety practices and measurements and workplace wellness, please see our 2020 Snacking Made Right report, which will be published on our website in May 2021.
