ALLSTATE CORP report:
For both asbestos and environmental reserves, we also evaluate our historical direct net loss and expense paid and incurred experience to assess any emerging trends, fluctuations or characteristics suggested by the aggregate paid and incurred activity. Other run-off claims reserves are based on considerations similar to those described above, as they relate to the characteristics of specific individual coverage exposures. 
subject to uncertainties that are much greater than those presented by other types of property and casualty claims. Among the complications are lack of historical data, long reporting delays, uncertainty as to the number and identity of insureds with potential exposure and unresolved legal issues regarding policy coverage; unresolved legal issues regarding the determination, availability and timing of exhaustion of policy limits; plaintiffs’ evolving and expanding theories of liability; availability and collectability of recoveries from reinsurance; retrospectively determined premiums and other contractual agreements; estimates of the extent and timing of any contractual liability; the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other asbestos defendants; and other uncertainties. There are also complex legal issues concerning the interpretation of various insurance policy provisions and whether those losses are covered, or were ever intended to be covered, and could be recoverable through retrospectively determined premium, reinsurance or other contractual agreements. Courts have reached different and sometimes inconsistent conclusions as to when losses are deemed to have occurred and which policies provide coverage; what types of losses are covered; whether there is an insurer obligation to defend; how policy limits are determined; how policy exclusions and conditions are applied and interpreted; and whether clean-up costs represent insured property damage. Our reserves for asbestos, environmental and other run-off exposures could be affected by tort reform, class action litigation, and other potential legislation and judicial decisions. Environmental exposures could also be affected by a change in the existing federal Superfund law and similar state statutes. There can be no assurance that any reform legislation will be enacted or that any such legislation will provide for a fair, effective and cost-efficient system for settlement of asbestos or environmental claims. We believe these issues are not likely to be resolved in the near future, and the ultimate costs may vary materially from the amounts currently recorded resulting in material changes in loss reserves. Historical variability of reserve estimates is demonstrated in the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves section of the MD&A. 
Adequacy of reserve estimates Management believes its net loss reserves for asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims exposures are appropriately established based on available facts, laws, regulations, and assessments of other pertinent factors and characteristics of exposure (i.e. claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by individual policyholders, assuming no change in the legal, legislative or economic environment. Due to the uncertainties and factors described above, management believes it is not practicable to develop a meaningful range for any such additional net loss reserves that may be required.

BOEING CO report:
• We inquired of project managers, engineers, supply chain leadership, and others directly involved with the execution of contracts to evaluate management’s ability to achieve the key cost and schedule estimates, as well as evaluate project status and challenges which may affect total estimated costs to complete. 
• We performed retrospective reviews when evaluating the thoroughness and precision of management’s estimation process and effectiveness of the related internal controls by comparing actual outcomes to previous estimates and the related financial statement impact, and evaluating key judgments made by management when determining the timing of changes to key estimates. 
• We tested the effectiveness of internal controls including, those over the review of significant judgments made and assumptions used to develop key estimates, key data used in developing the estimates and the mathematical extrapolation of such data.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our policy limits investments in the U.S. to direct U.S. government and government agency obligations, repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government and government agency obligations, U.S. government and government agency money market funds, and insured bank balances. Our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary invests in U.S. government and government agency obligations and U.S. government and government agency money market funds. Our Canadian and Other International subsidiaries’ investments are primarily in money market funds, bankers’ acceptances, and bank certificates of deposit, generally denominated in local currencies. 
A 100 basis point change in interest rates as of the end of 2022 would have had an immaterial incremental change in fair market value. For those investments that are classified as available-for-sale, the unrealized gains or losses related to fluctuations in market volatility and interest rates are reflected within stockholders’ equity in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The nature and amount of our long-term debt may vary as a result of business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. As of the end of 2022, long-term debt with fixed interest rates was $6,590. Fluctuations in interest rates may affect the fair value of the fixed-rate debt. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more information on our long-term debt.
