SALESFORCE INC report:
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards and convertible securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. 
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted earnings per share does not include the effect of the following potentially outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions): 
The Company has a 401(k) plan covering all eligible employees in the United States and a Registered Retirement Savings plan covering all eligible employees in Canada. Since January 1, 2006, the Company has been contributing to the plans. Total Company contributions during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, were $ 163 million, $ 127 million and $ 106 million, respectively.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our telematics business, branded Verizon Connect, provides a full array of solutions to both businesses and consumers that combine location-based software, services and data intelligence. Our solutions enable our customers to track, safeguard and optimize vehicles, equipment and data. Verizon Connect’s commercial telematics business was formed by combining our Networkfleet business with the telematics companies acquired in 2016 - Fleetmatics Group PLC, a global provider of fleet and mobile workforce management solutions, and Telogis, Inc., a global, cloud-based mobile enterprise management software business. 
Verizon Connect provides our enterprise and SMB customers with advanced solutions and scale in distribution, research and development, and customer support. Our software solutions support fleet tracking management, compliance management, field service management, asset tracking and other types of mobile resource management business needs. 
Our Verizon Connect consumer offering is anchored by our Hum product. Hum is an aftermarket vehicle technology and subscription service that provides consumers with diagnostic technology in their vehicles, access to live assistance and roadside assistance with GPS accuracy. Our Hum service also offers the ability to connect with a certified mechanic to diagnose potential problems and offer solutions. We also offer end-to-end solutions to automotive OEMs in support of connected vehicle programs that provide value to consumers.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Due to the long-term nature of life-contingent immediate annuities, benefits are payable over many years. The Company establishes reserves as the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected net premiums. Long-term actuarial assumptions of future investment yields and mortality are used when establishing the reserve. These assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued and are generally not changed during the life of the policy. The Company periodically performs a gross premium valuation (“GPV”) analysis to review the adequacy of reserves using actual experience and current assumptions. If actual experience and current assumptions are adverse compared to the original assumptions and a premium deficiency is determined to exist, any remaining unamortized deferred acquisition costs (“DAC”) balance would be expensed to the extent not recoverable and the establishment of a premium deficiency reserve may be required for any remaining deficiency. As of December 31, 2019 , the Company’s GPV analysis indicated that reserves for these policies were sufficient and therefore, the Company has not established a premium deficiency reserve. 
The Company also reviews these policies for circumstances where projected profits would be recognized in early years followed by projected losses in later years through a profits followed by losses (“PFBL”) analysis. If this circumstance exists, the Company will accrue a liability, during the period of profits, to offset the losses at such time as the future losses are expected to commence using a method updated prospectively over time. As of December 31, 2019 , the Company’s PFBL analysis did not indicate periods of profits followed by periods of losses and therefore, the Company has not established a PFBL reserve. 
Given the subjectivity involved in selecting the current assumptions for projected investment yields and mortality, and the sensitivity of the estimate to these assumptions, the related audit effort in evaluating the premium deficiency reserve and PFBL analysis for life-contingent immediate annuities required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including involvement of our actuarial specialists.
