COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax credits and loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized. 
The timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions requires significant judgment. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in the Company’s consolidated financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. When facts and circumstances change, the Company reassesses these probabilities and records any changes as appropriate. 
The computation of basic net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares that were outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares in the basic net income per share calculation plus the number of common shares that would be issued assuming vesting of all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding using the treasury stock method for shares subject to RSUs.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In July 2018, the FERC issued a final rule to address the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on cost-of-service rates for jurisdictional natural gas pipelines. The final rule primarily impacts interstate pipelines regulated under the NGA. With respect to intrastate pipelines regulated by the FERC under the NGPA, the rule requires an intrastate pipeline with rates on file with a state regulatory agency to file with the FERC a new rate election for its interstate rates if the state rates are reduced to reflect the reduced income tax rates adopted in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As of the filing date of this annual report, we have not been required to refile the rates for our intrastate systems as a result of this rule.
We believe that the transportation rates currently charged and the services performed by our natural gas pipelines are all in accordance with the applicable requirements of the NGPA and FERC regulations. However, we cannot predict the rates we will be allowed to charge in the future for transportation services by our pipelines.
The resale of natural gas in interstate commerce is subject to FERC regulation. In order to increase transparency in natural gas markets, the FERC has established rules requiring the annual reporting of data regarding natural gas sales. The FERC has also established regulations that prohibit manipulation of energy markets. A violation of the FERC’s regulations may subject us to civil penalties, suspension or loss of authorization to perform services or make sales of natural gas, disgorgement of unjust profits or other appropriate non-monetary remedies imposed by the FERC. Pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the potential civil and criminal penalties for any violation of the NGA, or any rules, regulations or orders of the FERC, were approximately $1.5 million per day per violation as of January 2023. The Federal Trade Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) have also issued rules and regulations prohibiting energy market manipulation. We believe that our natural gas sales activities are in compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart and neuromodulation products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Arrhythmias & Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation and Structural Heart divisions are aggregated and reported as the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation segment. 
Abbott's underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment's assets. 
The following segment information has been prepared in accordance with the internal accounting policies of Abbott, as described above, and are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied to the consolidated financial statements.
