ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The extent of the impact and the timing of a recovery in the number of procedures and routine testing in a particular country or geographic region depended upon the progression of COVID-19 cases in that country or region as well as the actions taken by the government in that country related to COVID-19. In 2020, the recovery in procedures and routine testing volumes in China began in March 2020. In other parts of the world, such as the U.S. and Europe, volumes improved across Abbott’s hospital-based businesses as the second quarter progressed and the improvement continued in the third quarter. However, in the fourth quarter of 2020, the improving trends in the demand for procedures and routine testing flattened or were negatively impacted depending upon the business and the region as many countries, including the U.S., experienced an increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations. 
While routine diagnostic testing and cardiovascular and neuromodulation procedure volumes were negatively impacted early in 2021 by elevated COVID-19 case rates, overall volumes improved over the course of the year until the latter part of 2021 when demand softened in several geographies with the emergence of another variant.
While Abbott’s branded generic pharmaceuticals business was also negatively affected by the pandemic in 2020 as COVID-19 spread across emerging market countries in the second and third quarters of 2020, volumes recovered and grew in 2021. Abbott’s nutritional and diabetes care businesses were the least affected by the pandemic as is further discussed below.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We buy most of our merchandise directly from manufacturers and route it to cross-docking consolidation points (depots) or directly to our warehouses. Our depots receive large shipments from manufacturers and quickly ship these goods to warehouses. This process creates freight volume and handling efficiencies, lowering costs associated with traditional multiple-step distribution channels. For our e- 
Our average warehouse space is approximately 146,000 square feet, with newer units being slightly larger. Floor plans are designed for economy and efficiency in the use of selling space, the handling of merchandise, and the control of inventory. Because shoppers are attracted principally by the quality of merchandise and low prices, our warehouses are not elaborate. By strictly controlling the entrances and exits and using a membership format, we believe our inventory losses (shrinkage) are well below those of typical retail operations. 
Our warehouses on average operate on a seven-day, 70-hour week. Gasoline operations generally have extended hours. Because the hours of operation are shorter than other retailers, and due to other efficiencies inherent in a warehouse-type operation, labor costs are lower relative to the volume of sales. Merchandise is generally stored on racks above the sales floor and displayed on pallets containing large quantities, reducing labor required. In general, with variations by country, our warehouses accept certain credit cards, including Costco co-branded cards, debit cards, cash and checks, co-brand cardholder rebates, Executive member 2% reward certificates and our proprietary stored-value card (shop card).

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We maintain a share-based compensation plan, which authorizes the granting of various equity-based incentives, including stock options (including stock appreciation rights), deferred stock units (DSUs) and performance share units (PSUs). Stock compensation expense is amortized to expense over the vesting period, generally three years . 
Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of our Common Stock on the grant date. Substantially all of the options become exercisable in three annual installments beginning a year from the grant date and generally expire 10 years from the grant date. We use the Black-Scholes Model to measure the fair value of stock options granted to employees. The expected life of the options represents the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding and is based on historical trends. Expected stock price volatility is based on the implied and historical volatility of the Company’s stock. The expected dividend yield is based on the Company’s most recent annual dividend rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant with a term equal to the expected life. 
DSUs are typically granted to selected management employees on an annual basis and vest over three years . Dividend equivalents are paid during the vesting period. The fair value of our DSUs and other stock-based awards is measured at the market price of our Common Stock on the grant date.
