ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition in the Established Pharmaceutical Products segment is generally from other health care and pharmaceutical companies. In addition, the substitution of generic drugs for the brand prescribed and introduction of additional forms of already marketed established products by generic or branded competitors may increase competitive pressures.
* As used throughout the text of this report on Form 10-K, the term “Abbott” refers to Abbott Laboratories, an Illinois corporation, or Abbott Laboratories and its consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires.
These products include a broad line of diagnostic systems and tests manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories, clinics, physicians’ offices, retailers, government agencies, alternate care testing sites, and plasma protein therapeutic companies from Abbott owned distribution centers, public warehouses or third party distributors.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We hold two director positions on the KDP board as well as additional governance rights. As we continue to have significant influence, we continue to account for our investment in KDP under the equity method, resulting in recognizing our share of their earnings within our earnings and our share of their dividends within our cash flows. 
In connection with this transaction, we changed our accounting principle during the third quarter of 2018 to reflect our share of Keurig's historical and KDP's ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis while we continue to record dividends when cash is received. We determined a lag was preferable as it enables us to continue to report our quarterly and annual results on a timely basis and to record our share of KDP’s ongoing results once KDP has publicly reported its results. This change in accounting principle was applied retrospectively to all periods. While our operating income did not change, equity method investment net earnings, net earnings and earnings per share have been adjusted to reflect the lag across all reported periods. 
The following tables show the primary line items on the consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive earnings and the consolidated balance sheet that changed as a result of the lag. The consolidated statements of cash flow and equity were also updated to reflect these changes.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Share-Based Compensation —The Company measures compensation expense for stock-based awards at fair value as of the date of grant, and recognizes compensation expense over the service period for awards expected to vest. Forfeitures are recognized as incurred. Fair value is the closing price per share for the Company’s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. Prior to the Company's 2016 initial public offering, the grant date fair value of stock-based awards was measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter using the combination of a market and income approach. The computed value was applied to all stock and stock award activity in the subsequent fiscal quarter. 
Compensation expense related to our employee stock purchase plan, which allows eligible employees to purchase our common stock at a discount of up to 15 % represents the difference between the fair market value as of acquisition date and the employee purchase price. 
Business Acquisitions —The Company accounts for business acquisitions under the acquisition method. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The operating results of the acquired companies are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.
