ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Other Crude Oil pipelines include the Mid-Valley pipeline system which originates in Longview, Texas and passes through Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky and Ohio and terminates in Samaria, Michigan. This pipeline provides crude oil to a number of refineries, primarily in the Midwest United States. 
 In addition, we own a crude oil pipeline that runs from Marysville, Michigan to Toledo, Ohio, and a truck injection point for local production at Marysville. This pipeline receives crude oil from the Enbridge pipeline system for delivery to refineries located in Toledo, Ohio and to MPLX’s Samaria, Michigan tank farm, which supplies its Marathon Petroleum Corporation’s refinery in Detroit, Michigan. 
We also own and operate crude oil pipeline and gathering systems in Oklahoma. We have the ability to deliver substantially all of the crude oil gathered on our Oklahoma system to Cushing. We are one of the largest purchasers of crude oil from producers in the state, and our crude oil acquisition and marketing activities business is the primary shipper on our Oklahoma crude oil system.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The EFS Midstream System serves producers in the Eagle Ford Shale, by providing condensate gathering and processing services as well as gathering, treating and compression services for associated natural gas. The EFS Midstream System includes 525 miles of gathering pipelines, 11 central gathering plants having a combined condensate storage capacity of 0.3 MMBbls, 201 MBPD of condensate stabilization capacity and 1.0 Bcf/d of associated natural gas treating capacity.
 • The Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System transports crude oil and condensate for producers in South Texas. The system, which is effectively looped and has a capacity to transport over 600 MBPD of light and medium grades of crude oil, consists of 390 miles of crude oil and condensate pipelines originating in Gardendale, Texas and extending to Corpus Christi, Texas. The system interconnects with our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System in Wilson County, Texas and our Corpus Christi marine terminal.
In addition to the operational storage capacity associated with our crude oil pipelines, we also own and operate crude oil terminals located in Houston, Midland and Beaumont, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma that are used to store crude oil for us and our customers. In conjunction with other aspects of our midstream network, our crude oil terminals provide Gulf Coast refiners with an integrated system featuring supply diversification, significant storage capabilities and a high capacity pipeline distribution system. Our system has access to an aggregate refining capacity of approximately 8 MMBPD.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , most of the Company's outstanding senior notes have been issued by DCL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to one or more Registration Statements on Form S-3 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). (See Note 8.) Each of the Company, DCL and/or Discovery Communications Holding LLC (“DCH”) (collectively the “Issuers”) have the ability to conduct registered offerings of debt securities. 
Set forth below are condensed consolidating financial statements presenting the financial position, results of operations and comprehensive income and cash flows of (i) the Company, (ii) Scripps Networks, (iii) DCH, (iv) DCL, (v) the non-guarantor subsidiaries of DCL, (vi) the non-guarantor subsidiaries of Discovery which includes Discovery Holding Company ("DHC") and Scripps Networks on a combined basis, and (vii) reclassifications and eliminations necessary to arrive at the consolidated financial statement balances for the Company. DCL primarily includes the Discovery Channel and TLC networks in the U.S. The non-guarantor subsidiaries of DCL include substantially all of the Company’s other, non-Scripps U.S. and international networks, production companies and most of the Company’s websites and digital distribution arrangements. The non-guarantor subsidiaries of DCL are wholly owned subsidiaries of DCL with the exception of certain equity method investments. DCL is a wholly owned subsidiary of DCH. The Company wholly owns DCH through a 33 1/3% direct ownership interest and a 66 2/3% indirect ownership interest through Discovery Holding Company (“DHC”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. DHC is included in the other non-guarantor subsidiaries of the Company along with the operations of Scripps Networks. 
In April 2018, the Company completed a non-cash transaction in which $ 2.3 billion aggregate principal amount of Scripps Networks outstanding debt was exchanged for Discovery senior notes (See Note 8). The exchanged Scripps Networks senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Scripps Networks and the Company. During 2018, the Company completed a series of senior note guaranty transactions and as a result, as of June 30, 2018, the Company and Scripps Networks fully and unconditionally guarantee all of Discovery's senior notes on an unsecured basis, except for the $ 135 million un-exchanged Scripps Networks Senior Notes. (See Note 8.) The condensed consolidated financial statements presented below reflect the addition of Scripps Networks as a guarantor as of December 31, 2019 and to reflect conforming classification changes made in conjunction with the adoption of ASU 2016-02. (See Note 2.)
