ALLSTATE CORP report:
We have addressed our risk of hurricane loss by, among other actions, purchasing reinsurance for specific states and on a countrywide basis for our personal lines property insurance in areas most exposed to hurricanes, limiting personal homeowners, landlord package policy and manufactured home new business writings in coastal areas in southern and eastern states, implementing tropical cyclone deductibles where appropriate, and not offering continuing coverage on certain policies in coastal counties in certain states. We continue to seek appropriate returns for the risks we write. This may require further actions, similar to those already taken, in geographies where we are not getting appropriate 
Earthquakes We do not offer earthquake coverage in most states. We retain approximately 20,000 PIF with earthquake coverage, primarily in Kentucky, due to regulatory and other reasons. We purchase reinsurance in Kentucky and enter into arrangements in many states to make earthquake coverage available through our brokerage platform. 
We continue to have exposure to earthquake risk on certain policies that do not specifically exclude coverage for earthquake losses, including our auto policies, and to fires following earthquakes. Allstate homeowner policyholders in California are offered coverage for damage caused by an earthquake through the California Earthquake Authority (“CEA”), a privately-financed, publicly-managed state agency created to provide insurance coverage for earthquake damage. Allstate is subject to assessments from the CEA under certain circumstances as explained in Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements. While North Light writes property policies in California, which can include earthquake coverage, this coverage is 100% ceded via quota share reinsurance.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The amounts presented above in net other comprehensive income (loss) are net of taxes. The amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges in the table above are included in Other income (expense), net and Interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. See Note 9 for additional information. The amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities in the table above are included in Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of income. The amounts reclassified to net income related to defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in the table above are included in Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income. See Note 11 for additional information. 
In the ordinary course of business, Verizon is involved in various commercial litigation and regulatory proceedings at the state and federal level. Where it is determined, in consultation with counsel based on litigation and settlement risks, that a loss is probable and estimable in a given matter, the Company establishes an accrual. In none of the currently pending matters is the amount of accrual material. An estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amounts already accrued cannot be made at this time due to various factors typical in contested proceedings, including: (1) uncertain damage theories and demands; (2) a less than complete factual record; (3) uncertainty concerning legal theories and their resolution by courts or regulators; and (4) the unpredictable nature of the opposing party and its demands. We continuously monitor these proceedings as they develop and adjust any accrual or disclosure as needed. We do not expect that the ultimate resolution of any pending regulatory or legal matter in future periods will have a material effect on our financial condition, but it could have a material effect on our results of operations for a given reporting period. 
Verizon is currently involved in approximately 25 federal district court actions alleging that Verizon is infringing various patents. Most of these cases are brought by non-practicing entities and effectively seek only monetary damages; a small number are brought by companies that

SALESFORCE INC report:
The restricted stock, which upon vesting entitles the holder to one share of common stock for each share of restricted stock, has an exercise price of $ 0.001 per share, which is equal to the par value of the Company’s common stock, and generally vest over four years . The total fair value of shares vested during fiscal 2023 and 2022 was $ 2.1 billion and $ 3.2 billion, respectively. 
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized as of January 31, 2023 was as follows (in millions):  
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized reflects only outstanding stock awards as of January 31, 2023 and assumes no forfeiture activity. The aggregate expected stock-based expense remaining will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately two years .
