ALLSTATE CORP report:
Changes in the reserves established for asbestos, environmental and other run-off lines losses have occurred and may continue. Reserve changes can be caused by new information relating to new and additional claims, new exposures or the impact of resolving unsettled claims based on unanticipated events such as arbitrations, litigation, legislative, judicial or regulatory actions. Environmental losses may also increase as the result of additional funding for environmental site clean-up. 
Allstate is subject to extensive regulation, primarily at the state level. The method, extent and substance of such regulation vary by state but generally have their source in statutes that establish standards and requirements for conducting the business of insurance and that also delegate regulatory authority to a state agency. These rules have a substantial effect on our business and relate to a wide variety of matters, including insurer solvency and statutory surplus sufficiency, reserve adequacy, insurance company licensing and examination, agent and adjuster licensing, agent and broker compensation, policy forms, rate setting, the nature and amount of investments, claims practices, participation in shared markets and guaranty funds, transactions with affiliates, the payment of dividends, underwriting standards, statutory accounting methods, trade practices, privacy regulation and data security, corporate governance and risk management. In addition, state legislators and insurance regulators continue to examine the appropriate nature and scope of state insurance regulation. For a discussion of statutory financial information, see Note 17 of the consolidated financial statements. 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank”) created the Federal Insurance Office (“FIO”) within the U.S. Department of the Treasury (“Treasury”). The FIO monitors the insurance industry, provides advice to the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”), represents the U.S. on international insurance matters, and studies the current regulatory system.

SALESFORCE INC report:
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs. 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions): 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2020 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):

BOEING CO report:
(2) The negative amount represents the sum, for all aircraft subject to fair value measurement, of all downward adjustments based on consideration of individual aircraft attributes and condition. The positive amount represents the sum of all such upward adjustments. 
The fair values and related carrying values of financial instruments that are not required to be remeasured at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at December 31 were as follows: 
The fair values of notes receivable are estimated with discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The fair value of our debt that is traded in the secondary market is classified as Level 2 and is based on current market yields. For our debt that is not traded in the secondary market, the fair value is classified as Level 2 and is based on our indicative borrowing cost derived from dealer quotes or discounted cash flows. The fair values of our debt classified as Level 3 are based on discounted cash flow models using the implied yield from similar securities. With regard to other financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of our indemnifications and financing commitments because the amount and timing of those arrangements are uncertain. Items not included in the above disclosures include cash, restricted cash, time deposits and other deposits, commercial paper, money market funds, Accounts receivable, Unbilled receivables, Other current assets, Accounts payable and long-term payables. The carrying values of those items, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, approximate their fair value at December 31, 2021 and 2020. The fair value of assets and liabilities whose carrying value approximates fair value is determined using Level 2 inputs, with the exception of cash (Level 1).
