WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
SAR award grants include cash-settled SARs and stock-settled SARs. Cash-settled SARs entitle the holder to receive a cash payment for the amount by which the price of the Company’s Series A or Series C common stock exceeds the base price established on the grant date. Cash-settled SARs are granted with a base price equal to or greater than the closing market price of the Company’s Series A or Series C common stock on the date of grant. Stock-settled SARs entitle the holder to shares of Series A or Series C common stock in accordance with the award agreement terms. 
The fair value of outstanding SARs is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the fair value of outstanding SARs were as follows.  
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the weighted-average fair value of SARs outstanding was $ 1.77 and $ 5.48 per award. The Company made cash payments of $ 8 million, $ 11 million, and $ 2 million to settle exercised SARs during 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively. As of December 31, 2021, unrecognized compensation cost related to SARs was immaterial.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company's 401(k) retirement plan is available to all U.S. employees over the age of 18 who have completed 90 days of employment. The plan allows participants to make wage deferral contributions, a portion of which the Company matches. In addition, the Company provides each eligible participant an annual discretionary contribution. The Company also has a defined contribution plan for employees in Canada and contributes a percentage of each employee's wages. Certain subsidiaries in the Company's Other International operations have defined benefit and defined contribution plans, which are not material. Amounts expensed under all plans were $ 914 , $ 824 , and $ 748 for 2023, 2022, and 2021, and are predominantly included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
The Company grants stock-based compensation, primarily to employees and non-employee directors. Grants to executive officers are generally performance-based. Through a series of shareholder approvals, there have been amended and restated plans and new provisions implemented by the Company. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted to employees and to non-employee directors generally vest over five years and three years and are subject to quarterly vesting in the event of retirement or voluntary termination. Employees who attain at least 25 years of service with the Company receive shares under accelerated vesting provisions on the annual vesting date. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
Compensation expense for awards is predominantly recognized using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. The terms of the RSUs, including performance-based awards, provide for accelerated vesting for employees and non-employee directors who have attained 25 or more and five or more years of service with the Company, respectively. Recipients are not entitled to vote or receive dividends on unvested and undelivered shares. Compensation expense for the accelerated shares is recognized upon achievement of the long-service term. The cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized at any point in time equals at least the portion of the grant-date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. The fair value of RSUs is calculated as the market value of the

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In November 2018, we announced a project to optimize our Shoup NGL fractionator by expanding and repurposing a portion of our South Texas pipeline infrastructure. The project entailed the construction of approximately 20 miles of new pipeline along with the conversion of approximately 60 miles of existing natural gas pipelines to NGL service. The expansion project, which allows us to supply Shoup with an additional 25 MBPD of NGL volumes, was completed in the second quarter of 2019.
 • The Hobbs NGL fractionator serves NGL producers in West Texas, New Mexico and Colorado. This fractionator receives mixed NGLs from several major supply basins, including the Mid-Continent, Permian Basin, San Juan Basin and Rocky Mountains. The facility is located at the interconnect of our Mid-America Pipeline System and Seminole NGL Pipeline, thus providing customers access to both the Mont Belvieu and Conway hubs.
 • The Norco NGL fractionator receives mixed NGLs from refineries and natural gas processing facilities located in southern Louisiana and along the Mississippi and Alabama Gulf Coast, including our Pascagoula and Venice facilities.
