WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Climate change continues to be an area of focus at the local, national and international levels. As a result, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In addition, several states and geographic regions in the U.S. have also adopted legislation and regulations to reduce emissions of GHGs, such as such as California, Oregon and Washington, which have formally enacted cap-and-trade programs and low carbon fuel standard obligations. 
Shortly after taking office in January 2021, President Biden issued a series of executive orders designed to address climate change, including rejoining the Paris Agreement after the U.S. had withdrawn from the international accord in 2020. Additionally, in August 2022 the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law, which appropriates significant federal funding for renewable energy initiatives and imposes a fee on GHG emissions from certain facilities in the oil and natural gas sector. Various provisions of the law are designed to accelerate the transition away from fossil fuels or otherwise could adversely impact the use of petroleum-based fuels. In January 2023, the Biden Administration and various federal agencies, including the EPA and Departments of Energy and Transportation, announced a "blueprint" for decarbonizing the transportation sector in the U.S. to meet the goal of net-zero GHG emissions economy-wide by 2050. The strategy includes promoting wider adoption of electric vehicles and greater use of sustainable fuels to decarbonize forms of transportation that require more energy-dense fuels, such as air transportation and long-haul shipping. 
At an international level, the European Union ("E.U.") has committed to reducing net GHG emissions by at least 55% by 2030. E.U. member states have implemented a range of subsidies and incentives to achieve the EU’s climate change goals, including through the European Union Emissions Trading System (‘‘EU ETS’’) for industrial emissions. The EU ETS is expected to become progressively more stringent over time, such as by including by reducing the number of allowances to emit GHGs as well as broadening the industries subject to the restrictions. In other non-E.U. countries, regulations include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
There is considerable discussion over global warming and climate change including the environmental effects of greenhouse gas emissions and their associated consequences on global climate, oceans and ecosystems. Climate change could have a long-term impact on our operations. For example, our facilities that are located in low lying areas such as the coastal regions of Louisiana and Texas may be at increased risk due to flooding, rising sea levels, or disruption of operations from more frequent and severe weather events. Facilities in areas with limited water availability may be impacted if droughts become more frequent or severe. Changes in climate or weather may hinder exploration and production activities or increase the cost of production of oil and gas resources and consequently affect the volume of hydrocarbon products entering our system. Changes in climate or weather may also affect consumer demand for energy or alter the overall energy mix.
In response to governmental, scientific and public concerns that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases, including gases associated with oil and natural gas production such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide among others, contribute to a warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other adverse environmental effects, various governmental authorities have considered or taken actions to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. For example, the EPA has taken action under the CAA to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, certain states (individually or in regional cooperation), including states in which some of our facilities or operations are located, have taken or proposed measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Also, the U.S. Congress from time to time has proposed legislative measures for imposing restrictions or requiring fees or carbon taxes for the emission of greenhouse gases. One such fee applicable to certain of our operations has been imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, and is known as the “Methane emissions and waste reduction incentive program.”
Actions have also taken place at the international level, with the U.S. being involved. Various policies and approaches discussed include establishing a cap on emissions, requiring efficiency measures, or providing incentives for emissions reduction, use of renewable energy, or use of replacement fuels with lower carbon content are under discussion and have and may continue to result in additional actions involving greenhouse gases.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(4) In connection with this debt issuance, we entered into cross-currency swaps, serving as cash flow hedges, so that the U.S. dollar-denominated debt payments will effectively be paid in euros over the life of the debt. 
The fair value of our short-term borrowings at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 reflects current market interest rates and approximates the amounts we have recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our long-term debt was determined using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 valuation data) for the publicly traded debt obligations. 
See Note 10, Financial Instruments , for information on the gain/loss related to U.S. dollar interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges and for information on amounts in other income related to our net investment hedge derivative contracts and the amounts excluded from hedge effectiveness of $ 117 million in 2020, $ 133 million in 2019 and $ 120 million in 2018.
