COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our foreign subsidiaries conduct certain transactions in non-functional currencies, which exposes us to fluctuations in exchange rates. We manage these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of these fluctuations on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts are intended primarily to economically hedge exposure to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by our 
international subsidiaries. We seek to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and do not intend to engage in speculative transactions. For additional information related to the Company's forward foreign-exchange contracts, see Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. A hypothetical 10% strengthening of the functional currency compared to the non-functional currency exchange rates at September 3, 2023, would have decreased the fair value of the contracts by $109 and resulted in an unrealized loss in the consolidated statements of income for the same amount. 
We are exposed to fluctuations in prices for energy, particularly electricity and natural gas, and other commodities used in retail and manufacturing operations, which we seek to partially mitigate through fixed-price contracts for certain of our warehouses and other facilities, predominantly in the U.S. and Canada. We also enter into variable-priced contracts for some purchases of electricity and natural gas, in addition to some of the fuel for our gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet the characteristics of derivative instruments, but generally qualify for the “normal purchases and normal sales” exception under authoritative guidance and require no mark-to-market adjustment.

SALESFORCE INC report:
customer. In cases where the Company allocates revenue to software updates and support revenue, the allocated revenue is recognized as the updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. 
The Company typically invoices its customers annually. Typical payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. 
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts or ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Training revenues are recognized as the services are performed.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
an increase of $126 million  in operating expenses primarily due to a $30 million  increase in costs to operate our fractionators and a $20 million  increase in operating costs on our NGL pipelines as a result of higher throughput and the commissioning of our fifth fractionator in July 2018, a $36 million  increase resulting from a change in the classification of certain customer reimbursements previously recorded as a reduction to operating expenses that are now classified as revenue following the 
adoption of ASC 606 on January 1, 2018, increases of $24 million  and $7 million  to operating costs at our Marcus Hook and Nederland terminals, respectively, as a result of significantly higher volumes through both terminals in 2018, an $8 million  increase to environmental reserves and a $1 million  increase to overhead allocations and maintenance repairs performed on our refinery services assets; and 
an increase of $10 million  in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily due to a $6 million  increase in overhead costs allocated to the segment, a $2 million  increase in legal fees, a $1 million  increase in management fees previously recorded in operating expenses and a $1 million  increase in employee costs.
