ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated February 18, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company sells and otherwise provides proprietary shop cards that do not expire and are redeemable at the warehouse or online for merchandise or membership. Revenue from shop cards is recognized upon redemption, and estimated breakage is recognized based on redemption data. The Company accounts for outstanding shop card balances as a shop card liability, net of estimated breakage. 
Citibank, N.A. (“Citi”) became the exclusive issuer of co-branded credit cards to U.S. members in June 2016. The Company receives various forms of consideration, including a royalty on purchases made on the card outside of Costco, a portion of which, after giving rise to estimated breakage, is used to fund the rebate that cardholders receive. The rebates are issued in February and expire on December 31. Breakage is estimated based on redemption data. 
Merchandise costs consist of the purchase price or manufacturing costs of inventory sold, inbound and outbound shipping charges and all costs related to the Company’s depot, fulfillment and manufacturing operations, including freight from depots to selling warehouses, and are reduced by vendor consideration. Merchandise costs also include salaries, benefits, depreciation, and utilities in fresh foods and certain ancillary departments.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to the Investment in Sunoco LP segment increased  due to the net impacts of the following: 
an increase of $18 million  in gross margin (excluding a $65 million  change in fair value adjustments related to inventory and unrealized gains and losses on commodity risk management activities) primarily caused by an increase in wholesale motor fuel gross profit per gallon, partially offset by a net increase in other gross profit consisting of merchandise, rental & other and retail motor fuel of $13 million ; 
a decrease of $27 million  in general and administrative expenses primarily due to higher costs in 2016 related to relocation, employee termination, and higher contract labor and professional fees as the Partnership transitioned offices in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Houston, Texas, and Corpus Christi, Texas to Dallas during 2016; and
