BOEING CO report:
Given the complexity of certain of the Company’s fixed-price development contracts, including the KC-46A Tanker, Commercial Crew, and United States Air Force VC-25B Presidential Aircraft contracts, the limited amount of historical data available in certain instances and significant judgments necessary to estimate future costs at completion, auditing these estimates involved extensive audit effort and a high degree of auditor judgment and required audit professionals with specialized industry experience. 
Our audit procedures related to the cost estimates for the KC-46A Tanker, Commercial Crew, and United States Air Force VC-25B Presidential Aircraft fixed-price development contracts included the following, among others: 
• We evaluated the reasonableness of judgments made and significant assumptions used by management relating to key cost and schedule estimates, including the range and probability of reasonable outcomes, and the appropriateness of the timing of changes to key estimates.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is a defendant in a class action alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 for failing to provide seating to member service assistants who act as greeters in the Company’s California warehouses. Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.  ( Case No. 5:13-CV-03598, N.D. Cal. filed July 1, 2013).   The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. The action has been stayed pending review by the Ninth Circuit of the order certifying a class. In January 2019, an employee brought similar claims for relief concerning Costco employees engaged at member services counters in California.   Rodriguez v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. RG19001310, Alameda Superior Court filed Jan. 4, 2019). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In December 2018, a depot employee raised similar claims, alleging that depot employees in California did not receive suitable seating or appropriate workplace temperature conditions. Lane v. Costco Wholesale Corp.   (Dec. 6, 2018 Notice to California Labor and Workforce Development Agency). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. 
In January 2019, a former seasonal employee filed a class action, alleging failure to provide California seasonal employees meal and rest breaks, proper wage statements, and appropriate wages. Jadan v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-CV-340438 Santa Clara Superior Court filed Jan. 3, 2019). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. 
In March 2019, employees filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide meal periods and itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees.   Nevarez, et ano., v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.  (Case No. 2:19-cv-03454 C.D. Cal. Filed Mar. 25, 2019). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In May 2019, employees filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Rough v. Costco Wholesale Corp . (Case No. 2:19-cv-01340 E.D. Cal. filed May 28, 2019). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. In June 2019, employees filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay overtime, to provide meal and rest periods, itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Martinez v. Costco Wholesale Corp ., (Case No. 3:19-cv-05624 (N.D. Cal. filed June 11, 2019). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In August 2019, Rough filed a companion case in state court seeking penalties under the California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act. Rough v. Costco  (Case No. FCS053454, Sonoma County Superior Court, filed August 23, 2019). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees. In September 2019, an employee re-filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay wages, to provide meal and rest periods and itemized wage statements, to timely pay wages due to terminating employees, to pay minimum wages, and for unfair business practices. Mosley v. Costco Wholesale Corp.  (Case No. 2:19-cv-07935, C.D. Cal. filed Sept. 12, 2019). Relief is sought under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys' fees.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Allstate Health and Benefits portfolio is focused on protection of principal and consistent income generation while targeting an appropriate return on capital. The portfolio is largely comprised of fixed income securities with a small allocation to commercial mortgage loans and equity securities. 
The Corporate and Other portfolio is focused on liquidity needs and capital preservation within a total return framework. The portfolio is largely comprised of high-quality liquid fixed income securities and short-term investments. 
We utilize two primary strategies to manage risks and returns and to position our portfolio to take advantage of market opportunities while attempting to mitigate adverse effects. As strategies and market conditions evolve, the asset allocation may change.
