ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
INCOME TAXES — Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effect of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements at the enacted statutory rate to be in effect when the taxes are paid. No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or any additional outside basis differences that exist, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Interest and penalties on income tax obligations are included in taxes on earnings. 
EARNINGS PER SHARE — Unvested restricted stock units and awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are treated as participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share under the two-class method. Under the two-class method, net earnings are allocated between 
common shares and participating securities. Earnings from Continuing Operations allocated to common shares in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $2.320 billion, $346 million and $1.057 billion, respectively. Net earnings allocated to common shares in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $2.353 billion, $468 million and $1.393 billion, respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
To a lesser extent, we also have a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and who then assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription service. 
Our marketing strategy is to promote our brand and generate demand for our offerings. We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunity. 
• Customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and World Tours, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events;

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our West Texas Pipeline System increased a net $87 million year-to-year primarily due to higher ancillary service and other revenues, which accounted for a $86 million increase, and a 47 MBPD increase in transportation volumes, which accounted for an additional $14 million increase, partially offset by lower average transportation fees, which accounted for a $9 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our crude oil marketing activities (excluding those attributable to the Midland-to-ECHO System) increased $43 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for a $50 million increase, lower operating costs, which accounted for a $12 million increase, and higher earnings from trucking activities, which accounted for an additional $10 million increase, partially offset by lower non-cash, mark-to-market earnings, which accounted for a $29 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System increased a net $8 million year-to-year primarily due to higher ancillary service and other revenues, which accounted for a $60 million increase, partially offset by lower average transportation fees, which accounted for a $24 million decrease, and lower deficiency revenues as a result of the expiration of minimum volume commitments under certain long-term agreements, which accounted for an additional $23 million decrease.
