ALLSTATE CORP report:
For most of our financial assets measured at fair value, all significant inputs are based on or corroborated by market observable data, and significant management judgment does not affect the periodic determination of fair value. The determination of fair value using discounted cash flow models involves management judgment when significant model inputs are not based on or corroborated by market observable data. However, where market observable data is available, it takes precedence, and as a result, no range of reasonably likely inputs exists from which the basis of a sensitivity analysis could be constructed. 
We gain assurance that our financial assets are appropriately valued through the execution of various processes and controls designed to ensure the overall reasonableness and consistent application of valuation methodologies, including inputs and assumptions, and compliance with accounting standards. For fair values received from third parties or internally estimated, our processes and controls are designed to ensure that the valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistently applied, the inputs and assumptions are reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value, and the fair values are accurately recorded. For example, on a continuing basis, we assess the reasonableness of individual fair values that have stale security prices or that exceed certain thresholds as compared to previous fair values received from valuation service providers or brokers or derived from internal models. We perform procedures to understand and assess the methodologies, processes and controls of valuation service providers. 
In addition, we may validate the reasonableness of fair values by comparing information obtained from valuation service providers or brokers to other third-party valuation sources for selected securities. We perform ongoing price validation procedures such as back-testing of actual sales, which corroborate the various inputs used in internal models to market observable data. When fair value determinations are expected to be more variable, we validate them through reviews by members of management who have relevant expertise and who are independent of those charged with executing investment transactions.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. Changes in the net price per user per month have not been a significant driver of revenue growth for the periods presented. The increase  in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to the higher demand for services from an increased number of customers. 
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately 96 percent  during fiscal year 2019 and 2018 . 
Revenues in Europe and Asia Pacific accounted for $3.8 billion , or 29 percent  of total revenues, for fiscal 2019 , compared to $2.9 billion , or 28 percent  of total revenues, during the same period a year ago, an increase of $0.9 billion , or 31 percent . The increase in revenues outside of the Americas was the result of the increasing acceptance of our services, our focus on marketing our services internationally and investment in additional international resources. Revenues outside of the Americas increased on a total dollar basis by $39 million  in fiscal 2019  compared to fiscal 2018  due to foreign currency fluctuations primarily as a result of the strengthening British Pound Sterling.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Virtual and Software Defined Networks.  We provide our enterprise and business customers with the ability to leverage the power of Software Defined Networking technologies, such as SD-WAN or Virtual Network Services (VNS), with easily ordered and deployed "on demand" capabilities. These services can function "over the top" of our network or those of other carriers, enabling significant customer flexibility, advanced security options and digital/software enablement of their network. 
Advanced Communications Services.  We offer a suite of services to our enterprise and business customers to help them communicate with their employees, partners, vendors, constituents and customers. 
Voice over IP (VoIP). Our VoIP services enable communications via our managed IP based communications services for enterprise and business customers that seek a hosted IP communications/phone system or an IP based telephony service for on-premise phone systems or private branch exchanges (PBX).
