BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We have debt in fixed and floating rate instruments. We are exposed to market risk due to changes in interest rates. We may enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our interest rate exposure related to our debt portfolio. 
A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the interest yields on our senior note debt at December 31, 2020 would result in a decrease of approximately $47 million in the fair value of our debt. Similarly, a decrease of 100 basis points in the interest yields on our senior debt at December 31, 2020 would cause an increase of approximately $29 million in the fair value of our debt. 
A hypothetical 100 basis point change in LIBOR would result in a change of approximately $57 million in our interest expense on our variable rate debt at December 31, 2020. Some of our variable rate debt is denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars and is indexed to non-U.S. dollar-based interest rate indices, such as EURIBOR and TJLP, and certain benchmark rates in local bank markets. As such, the hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rate ignores the potential impact of any currency movements. See "Risk Factors - We are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business" for a discussion of certain risks related to LIBOR.

BOEING CO report:
BCA develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Revenue on commercial aircraft contracts is recognized at the point in time when an aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. Revenue on certain military derivative aircraft contracts is recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred. 
BDS engages in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems, surveillance and engagement, strategic defense and intelligence systems, satellite systems and space exploration. BDS revenue is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred. 
BGS provides parts, maintenance, modifications, logistics support, training, data analytics and information-based services to commercial and government customers worldwide. BGS segment revenue and costs include certain services provided to other segments. Revenue on commercial spare parts contracts is recognized at the point in time when a spare part is delivered to the customer. Revenue on other contracts is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We enter into certain intercompany reinsurance transactions for the Allstate Benefits operations in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. These reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
Allstate Annuities consists primarily of deferred fixed annuities and immediate fixed annuities (including standard and sub-standard structured settlements). In 2020, Allstate Annuities represented 2.3% of total revenue and 0.1% of total PIF. We discontinued the sale of proprietary annuities over an eight-year period from 2006 to 2014, reflecting our expectations of declining returns. This segment is in run-off, and we manage it with a focus on increasing economic value through our investment strategy. 
On January 26, 2021, we announced an agreement to sell ALIC and certain affiliates, which represent approximately 75% of Allstate Annuities reserves for life-contingent contract benefits and contractholder funds. Allstate will retain ownership of ALNY unless an agreement can be reached with a third party to assume some or all of ALNY’s liabilities. For additional information on our strategy and outlook, see Part I, Item 1. Business - Strategy and Segment Information.
