ALLSTATE CORP report:
We do not allocate Property-Liability investment income, net gains and losses on investments and derivatives, or assets to the Allstate Protection and Run-off Property-Liability segments. Management reviews assets at the Property-Liability level for decision-making purposes. 
• Expense ratio: the ratio of amortization of DAC, operating costs and expenses, amortization or impairment of purchased intangibles, restructuring and related charges and Shelter-in-Place Payback expense, less other revenue to premiums earned. 
We have also calculated the following impacts of specific items on the GAAP operating ratios because of the volatility of these items between periods. The impacts are calculated by taking the specific items noted below divided by Property-Liability premiums earned:

BOEING CO report:
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
As more fully described in Notes 1 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue over time for long-term contracts as goods are produced or services are rendered. The Company uses costs incurred as the method for determining progress, and revenue is recognized based on costs incurred to date plus an estimate of margin at completion. The process of estimating margin at completion involves estimating the costs to complete production of goods or rendering of services and comparing those costs to the estimated final revenue amount. Fixed-price development contracts are inherently uncertain in that revenue is fixed while the estimates of costs required to complete these contracts are subject to significant variability. Due to the technical performance requirements in many of these contracts, changes to cost estimates could occur, resulting in lower margins or material reach-forward losses.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Raw Materials —We purchase oilseeds and grains either directly from farmers or indirectly through intermediaries. Although the availability and price of agricultural commodities may, in any given year, be affected by unpredictable factors such as weather, government programs and policies and farmer planting and selling decisions, our operations in major crop growing regions globally have enabled us to source adequate raw materials for our operational needs. 
Competition —Due to their commodity nature, markets for our products are highly competitive and subject to product substitution. Competition is principally based on price, quality, product and service offerings and geographic location. Major competitors include but are not limited to: The Archer Daniels Midland Co. ("ADM"), Cargill Incorporated ("Cargill"), Louis Dreyfus Group ("Louis Dreyfus"), Glencore International PLC, Wilmar International Limited ("Wilmar") and COFCO International ("COFCO"). 
Overview —Our Food and Ingredients businesses include two reportable business segments: Edible Oil Products and Milling Products. We primarily sell our products to three customer types or market channels: food processors, food service companies and retail outlets. The principal raw materials used in our Food and Ingredients businesses are various crude and further processed vegetable oils and fats in our Edible Oil Products segment, and wheat, corn and rice in our Milling Products segment. These raw materials are mostly agricultural commodities that we either produce or purchase from third parties. We believe that our global integrated business model enables us to realize synergies between our Agribusiness and Food and Ingredients operations through raw material procurement, logistics, risk management and co-location of industrial facilities, enabling us to supply customers with reliable, high quality products on a global basis. As many of the products we sell in our
