BOEING CO report:
Our program revenue and cost assumptions reflect our current best estimate. However, if we are required to reduce the accounting quantity and/or production rates, experience further delivery delays, incur additional customer considerations, or experience other factors that result in lower margins, the 787 program could record additional losses in future periods, which may be material. 
Many of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. The majority of employees that had participated in defined benefit pension plans have transitioned to a company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plan. Accounting rules require an annual measurement of our projected obligation and plan assets. These measurements are based upon several assumptions, including the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of asset return. Future changes in assumptions or differences between actual and expected outcomes can significantly affect our future annual expense, projected benefit obligation and Shareholders’ equity. 
The projected benefit obligation is sensitive to discount rates. The projected benefit obligation would decrease by $1,270 million or increase by $1,415 million if the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points. A 25 basis point change in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on pension cost. However, net periodic pension cost is sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. A decrease or increase of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have increased or decreased 2022 net periodic pension cost by $158 million. See Note 16 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which includes the discount rate and expected long-term rate of asset return assumptions for the last three years.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Amortization of DAC increased 11.0% or $16 million in 2019 compared to 2018 , primarily due to DAC amortization related to the non-renewal of a large underperforming account and an unfavorable adjustment associated with our annual review of assumptions. 
Our annual comprehensive review of assumptions underlying estimated future gross profits for our interest-sensitive life contracts resulted in an acceleration of DAC amortization (decrease to income) of $2 million in 2019 compared to a deceleration of DAC amortization (increase to income) of $4 million in 2018. 
Represents the change in the DAC adjustment for unrealized capital gains and losses. The DAC adjustment represents the amount by which the amortization of DAC would increase or decrease if the unrealized gains and losses in the respective product portfolios were realized.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. Both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. On a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the U.S. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. As a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. Subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
Additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. These amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange gains (losses). 
We primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. Intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. In contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange gains (losses).
