SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. 
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Processing, an increase of $443 million was due to higher Net sales in excess of higher Cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong demand in our soybean processing businesses across all regions, as described above. 
• In Merchandising, an increase of $264 million was due to higher Net sales in excess of higher Cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong demand in our global corn and global oil businesses, as described above. 
SG&A expenses increased $30 million, or 6%, to $520 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $490 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase was mainly due to higher variable incentive costs on the back of improved overall company profitability, partially offset by savings associated with ongoing cost initiatives, lower expenses due to COVID-19 travel restrictions, favorable translation impacts as most currencies in which SG&A expenses are

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Total Accounts receivable $ 13,374   $ 5,140   $ 6,818   $ 25,332   Less Allowance for credit losses 445   143   238   826   Accounts receivable, net of allowance $ 12,929   $ 4,997   $ 6,580   $ 24,506   
Included in Other assets and Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2022 are net device payment plan agreement receivables and net wireless service receivables of $ 23.6 billion, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be 
reported in our consolidated balance sheet. Included in Other assets and Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2021, are net device payment plan agreement receivables of $ 16.0 billion, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our consolidated balance sheet. See Note 7 for additional information. We believe the carrying value of these receivables approximate their fair value using a Level 3 expected cash flow model.
