SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company capitalizes incremental costs of obtaining revenue contracts related to non-cancelable Cloud Services subscription, ongoing Cloud Services support and license support and updates. For contracts with on-premises software licenses where revenue is recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer, costs allocable to those licenses are expensed as they are incurred. Capitalized amounts consist primarily of sales commissions paid to the Company’s direct sales force. Capitalized amounts also include (1) amounts paid to employees other than the direct sales force who earn incentive payouts under annual compensation plans that are tied to the value of contracts acquired, (2) commissions paid to employees upon renewals of subscription and support contracts, (3) the associated payroll taxes and fringe benefit costs associated with the payments to the Company’s employees and (4) to a lesser extent, success fees paid to partners in emerging markets where the Company has a limited presence. 
Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years , which is longer than the typical initial contract period, but reflects the estimated average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit, the Company evaluated both qualitative and quantitative factors which 
The capitalized amounts are recoverable through future revenue streams under all non-cancelable customer contracts. The Company periodically evaluates whether there have been any changes in its business, the market conditions in which it operates or other events which would indicate that its amortization period should be changed or if there are potential indicators of impairment.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
If there is a deterioration of our customers’ financial condition or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, we may have to adjust our allowance for credit losses, which would affect earnings in the period the adjustments are made. 
In April 2020, we entered into a definitive purchase agreement to acquire BlueJeans, an enterprise-grade video conferencing and event platform, whose services are sold to Business customers globally. The transaction closed in May 2020. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing of the transaction was approximately $397 million, net of cash acquired. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
In September 2020, we entered into a purchase agreement (Tracfone Purchase Agreement) with América Móvil to acquire Tracfone, a provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. Under the terms of the Tracfone Purchase Agreement, we will acquire all of the stock of Tracfone for approximately $3.1 billion in cash and $3.1 billion in Verizon common stock, subject to customary adjustments, at closing. The number of shares issued will be based on an average trading price determined as of the closing date and is subject to a minimum number of shares issuable of 47,124,445 and a maximum number of shares issuable of 57,596,544. The Tracfone Purchase Agreement also includes up to an additional $650 million in future cash consideration related to the achievement of certain performance measures and other commercial arrangements. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and closing conditions and is expected to close in the second half of 2021.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We have included financial information about our reportable segments and our operations by geographic area in Note 27 - Segment Information to our consolidated financial statement included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Our research and development activities are focused on developing products and improving processes that will drive growth or otherwise add value to our core business operations. In our Food and Ingredients business, we have 17 research and development centers globally to support product development and enhancement. Additionally, Bunge Ventures, our corporate venture capital unit, invests in start-ups and other early stage companies that are developing new technologies relevant to our industries. 
We own trademarks, patents and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However, neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark, patent or license.
