ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The variable rates referenced in interest rate swap agreements often reference the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”). In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority in the U.K. announced a desire to phase out LIBOR as a benchmark by the end of 2021. Financial industry working groups are developing replacement rates and methodologies to transition existing agreements that depend on LIBOR as a reference rate. 
We currently do not expect the transition from LIBOR to have a material impact on us. However, if clear market standards and transition methodologies have not developed by the time LIBOR becomes unavailable, we may have difficulty reaching agreement on acceptable replacement rates. If we are unable to negotiate replacement rates on favorable terms, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
We have long-term purchase commitments for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products. For additional information regarding these commitments, see “ Other Matters – Contractual Obligations ” under Part II, Item 7 of this annual report.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company has incentive plans under which performance-based restricted stock units (“PRSUs”), service-based restricted stock units (“RSUs”), stock options, and stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) are issued. In addition, the Company offers an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"). Share-based compensation expense for all awards is recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative expense. Forfeitures for all awards are recognized as incurred. Excess tax benefits realized from the exercise of stock options and vested RSUs, PRSUs and the ESPP are reported as cash inflows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
Vesting for PRSUs is subject to satisfying objective operating performance conditions or a combination of objective and subjective operating performance conditions. Compensation expense for PRSUs is based on the fair value of the Company’s Series A and C common stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense for PRSUs that vest based on achieving subjective operating performance conditions or in situations where the executive is able to withhold taxes in excess of the minimum statutory requirement, is remeasured at fair value each reporting period until the date of conversion. Compensation expense for all PRSUs is recognized ratably, following a graded vesting pattern during the vesting period only when it is probable that the operating performance conditions will be achieved. The Company records a cumulative adjustment to compensation expense for PRSUs if there is a change in the determination of the probability that the operating performance conditions will be achieved. 
Compensation expense for SARs is based on the fair value of the award. Because certain SARs are cash-settled, the Company remeasures the fair value of these awards each reporting period until settlement. Compensation expense for SARs, including changes in fair value, is recognized during the vesting period in proportion to the requisite service that has been rendered as of the reporting date. For awards with graded vesting, the Company measures fair value and records compensation expense separately for each vesting tranche.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Commodity derivatives . We are exposed to price risk related to forecasted purchases of certain commodities that we primarily use as raw materials. We enter into commodity forward contracts primarily for wheat, sugar and other sweeteners, soybean and vegetable oils and cocoa. Commodity forward contracts generally are not subject to the 
accounting requirements for derivative instruments and hedging activities under the normal purchases exception. We also use commodity futures and options to hedge the price of certain input costs, including cocoa, energy costs, sugar and other sweeteners, wheat, packaging, dairy, corn, and soybean and vegetable oils. We also sell commodity futures to unprice future purchase commitments, and we occasionally use related futures to cross-hedge a commodity exposure. We are not a party to leveraged derivatives and, by policy, do not use financial instruments for speculative purposes. 
Currency exchange derivatives . We use various financial instruments to mitigate our exposure to changes in exchange rates from third-party and intercompany current and forecasted transactions. These instruments may include currency exchange forward contracts, futures, options and swaps. Based on the size and location of our businesses, we use these instruments to hedge our exposure to certain currencies, including the euro, pound sterling, Swiss franc, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso. Any unrealized gains or losses (mark-to-market impacts) and realized gains or losses are recorded in earnings (see Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information).
