SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility and unbilled amounts related to contracted non-cancelable subscription agreements, which is not reflected on the balance sheet, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. 
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments. 
Cash provided by operating activities has historically been affected by the amount of net income  adjusted for non-cash expense items such as depreciation and amortization; amortization of purchased intangibles from business combinations; the expense associated with stock-based awards; net gains on strategic investments; the timing of employee related costs including commissions and bonus payments; the timing of payments against accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities; the timing of our semi-annual interest payments related to our senior notes; the timing of collections from our customers, which is our largest source of operating cash flows; the timing of business combination activity and the related integration and transaction costs; and changes in working capital accounts. Net cash provided by operating activities was also impacted by payments made during fiscal 2019  for the transaction fees related to the acquisition of MuleSoft.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Investments in securities traded on national and foreign securities exchanges are valued by the trustee at the last reported sale prices on the last business day of the year or, if no sales were reported on that date, at the last reported bid prices. Government obligations, corporate bonds, international bonds and asset-backed debt are valued using matrix prices with input from independent third-party valuation sources. Over-the-counter securities are valued at the bid prices or the average of the bid and ask prices on the last business day of the year from published sources or, if not available, from other sources considered reliable such as multiple broker quotes. 
Commingled funds not traded on national exchanges are priced by the custodian or fund's administrator at their net asset value (NAV). Commingled funds held by third-party custodians appointed by the fund managers provide the fund managers with a NAV. The fund managers have the responsibility for providing this information to the custodian of the respective plan. 
The investment manager of the entity values venture capital, corporate finance and natural resource limited partnership investments. Real estate investments are valued at amounts based upon appraisal reports prepared by either independent real estate appraisers or the investment manager using discounted cash flows or market comparable data. Loans secured by mortgages are carried at the lesser of the unpaid balance or appraised value of the underlying properties. The values assigned to these investments are based upon available and current market information and do not necessarily represent amounts that might ultimately be realized. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, estimated fair values might differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the securities existed. These differences could be material.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
DAC related to traditional life and voluntary accident and health insurance is amortized over the premium paying period of the related policies in proportion to the estimated revenues on such business. Significant assumptions relating to estimated premiums, investment returns, as well as mortality, persistency and expenses to administer the business are established at the time the policy is issued and are generally not revised during the life of the policy. The assumptions for determining the timing and amount of DAC amortization are consistent with the assumptions used to calculate the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits. Any deviations from projected business in force resulting from actual policy terminations differing from expected levels and any estimated premium deficiencies may result in a change to the rate of amortization in the period such events occur. Generally, the amortization periods for these policies approximate the estimated lives of the policies. The recovery of DAC is dependent upon the future profitability of the business. 
We periodically review the adequacy of reserves and recoverability of DAC using actual experience and current assumptions. We evaluate our t raditional life insurance products, immediate annuities with life contingencies, and voluntary accident and health insurance products individually. In the event actual experience and current assumptions are adverse compared to the original assumptions and a premium deficiency is determined to exist, any remaining unamortized DAC balance must be expensed to the extent not recoverable and a premium deficiency reserve may be required if the remaining DAC balance is insufficient to absorb the deficiency. In 2019 and 
2018 , our reviews concluded that no premium deficiency adjustments were necessary. For additional detail on reserve adequacy, see the Reserve for life-contingent contract benefits estimation section.
