ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Failure to comply with the various restrictive and affirmative covenants of our revolving credit facilities could require us to pay debt balances prior to scheduled maturity and could negatively impact the Partnership’s or our subsidiaries’ ability to incur additional debt and/or our ability to pay distributions to Unitholders. 
Panhandle is not party to any lending agreement that would accelerate the maturity date of any obligation due to a failure to maintain any specific credit rating, nor would a reduction in any credit rating, by itself, cause an event of default under any of Panhandle’s lending agreements. 
Panhandle’s restrictive covenants include restrictions on liens securing debt and guarantees and restrictions on mergers and on the sales of assets. A breach of any of these covenants could result in acceleration of Panhandle’s debt.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In Molecular Diagnostics, sales decreased 27.4 percent in 2022 and 2.9 percent in 2021, excluding the effect of foreign exchange. In both years, the decreases were driven by lower demand for Abbott’s laboratory-based PCR molecular tests for COVID-19, partially offset by growth in other areas from the continued roll-out of the Alinity m platform . Molecular Diagnostics COVID-19 testing-related sales were $411 million in 2022, $891 million in 2021, and $1.0 billion in 2020. In 2022, Molecular Diagnostics sales increased 9.0 percent, excluding COVID-19 testing-related sales, and 13.8 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and COVID-19 testing-related sales. In 2021, Molecular Diagnostics sales increased 29.2 percent, excluding COVID-19 testing-related sales, and increased 27.0 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and COVID-19 testing-related sales. 
Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, total Medical Devices sales grew 8.1 percent in 2022 and 19.4 percent in 2021. In 2022 and 2021, the increase was driven by growth in Diabetes Care, Structural Heart, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure. The 2022 and 2021 growth in Diabetes Care sales was driven by continued growth of FreeStyle Libre, Abbott’s continuous glucose monitoring system, in the U.S. and internationally. FreeStyle Libre sales totaled $4.3 billion in 2022, which reflected a 22.4 percent increase, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, over 2021. FreeStyle Libre sales totaled $3.7 billion in 2021, which reflected a 36.8 percent increase, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, over 2020 when sales totaled $2.6 billion. 
In 2022, while procedure volumes across Abbott’s cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses were negatively impacted by new surges of COVID-19 in various geographies as well as intermittent COVID-19 lockdown restrictions in China and healthcare staffing challenges throughout the year, overall volumes improved in several businesses versus 2021. I n Electrophysiology, the 7.3 percent growth, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, reflects the increase in procedure volumes and the continued roll‑out of Abbott’s EnSite X EP System with EnSite Omnipolar Technology (OT), a new cardiac mapping platform available in the U.S., Japan and across Europe.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Claims for employee health-care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded 
predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to limit exposures arising from very large losses. The Company uses various risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary (the captive) and participates in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are not discounted and are estimated using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences, claims, or expenses differ from these assumptions and historical trends. At the end of 2023 and 2022, these insurance liabilities were $ 1,513 and $ 1,364 in the aggregate, and were included in accrued salaries and benefits and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, classified based on their nature. 
The captive receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company’s premium costs in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income. The captive participates in a reinsurance program that includes third-party participants. The participant agreements and practices of the reinsurance program are designed to limit a participating members’ individual risk. Income statement adjustments related to the reinsurance program and related impacts to the consolidated balance sheets are recognized as information becomes known. In the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company retains its primary obligation to the policyholders for prior activity.
