WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Immediately prior to closing, all shares of Series A, Series B, and Series C common stock and Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will be reclassified and converted to one class of the Company's common stock. AT&T’s shareholders that receive WarnerMedia stock in the distribution will receive stock representing 71% of the combined company and the 
The transaction is anticipated to close in the second quarter of 2022, subject to approval by the Company's shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals. On December 22, 2021, the transaction received unconditional antitrust clearance from the European Commission (“EC”) pursuant to the EC Merger Regulation, and on December 28, 2021, AT&T received a favorable Private Letter Ruling from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the qualification of the transactions for their intended tax-free treatments. On February 9, 2022, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, statutory waiting period has expired or otherwise been terminated, and any agreement not to consummate the transaction between the parties and the Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice or any other applicable governmental entity, has also expired or otherwise been terminated. Discovery and AT&T are in the process of obtaining other required regulatory approvals. Agreements are in place with Dr. John Malone and Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership to vote in favor of the transaction, representing approximately 43% of the aggregate voting power of the shares of Discovery voting stock. The transaction requires, among other things, the consent of Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership under the Company's certificate of incorporation as the sole holder of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, which consent was given pursuant to a consent agreement. In connection with Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership’s entry into the consent agreement and related forfeiture of the significant rights attached to the Series A-1 Preferred Stock in the reclassification of the shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock into common stock, it will receive an increase to the number of shares of common stock of the Company into which the Series A-1 Preferred Stock would be converted. Upon the closing, the impact of the issuance of such additional shares of common stock of the Company will be recorded as a transaction expense. No vote by AT&T shareholders is required. 
The merger agreement contains certain customary termination rights for Discovery and AT&T, including, without limitation, a right for either party to terminate if the transaction is not completed on or before July 15, 2023. Termination under specified circumstances will require Discovery to pay AT&T a termination fee of $720 million or AT&T to pay Discovery a termination fee of $1.8 billion.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The export of LNG produced by the liquefaction project from the United States would be undertaken under long-term export authorizations issued by the DOE to Lake Charles LNG Export. In March 2013, Lake Charles LNG Export obtained a DOE authorization to export LNG to countries with which the United States has or will have Free Trade Agreements (“FTA”) for trade in natural gas (the “FTA Authorization”). In July 2016, Lake Charles LNG Export also obtained a conditional DOE authorization to export LNG to countries that do not have an FTA for trade in natural gas (the “Non-FTA Authorization”). In October 2020, the DOE extended the FTA Authorization and Non-FTA Authorization to 30- and 25-year terms, respectively, following first deliveries on or before December 2025, consistent with the FERC authorization for the project. The FTA Authorization and Non-FTA Authorization have 25- and 20-year terms, respectively, commencing with the completion of construction of the liquefaction facility. In addition, Lake Charles LNG Export received its wetlands permits from the USACE to perform wetlands mitigation work and to perform modification and dredging work for the temporary and permanent dock facilities at the Lake Charles LNG facilities. 
• Our South Texas assets, which include the Southeast Texas System and the Eagle Ford System, are an integrated system that gathers, compresses, treats, processes, dehydrates and transports natural gas from the Austin Chalk trend and the Eagle Ford Shale. 
The assets in our Southeast Texas System include a large natural gas gathering system that covers thirteen counties between Austin and Houston, Texas and connects to the Katy Hub through the ETC Katy Pipeline and is also connected to the Oasis Pipeline. This system also includes three natural gas processing plants (La Grange, Alamo and Brookeland) with an aggregate capacity of 510 MMcf/d. These plants process the rich gas that flows through our gathering system to produce residue gas and NGLs. Residue gas is delivered into our intrastate pipelines and NGLs are delivered into our NGL pipelines.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from crude oil activities at EHT decreased $20.4 million year-to-year primarily due to lower storage revenues and other fees. Crude oil terminal volumes at EHT decreased 112 MBPD year-to-year.
Gross operating margin from our equity investment in the Seaway Pipeline increased $35.5 million year-to-year primarily due to LaaR payments from power service providers in connection with the February 2021 winter storms. Transportation volumes on our Seaway Pipeline decreased 30 MBPD year-to-year (net to our interest).
Gross operating margin from our Midland-to-ECHO System and related business activities increased a net $22.2 million year-to-year primarily due to higher transportation volumes, which accounted for a $95.6 million increase, partially offset by lower average sales margins from marketing activities, which accounted for a $77.5 million decrease.
