SALESFORCE INC report:
The revenue growth rates of each of our service offerings, as described below in “Results of Operations,” fluctuate from quarter to quarter and over time. Additionally, we manage the total balanced product portfolio to deliver solutions to our customers and, as a result, the revenue result for each offering is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter. In addition, some of our Cloud Service offerings have similar features and functions. For example, customers may use our Sales, Service or Platform service offering to record account and contact information, which are similar features across these service offerings. Depending on a customer’s actual and projected business requirements, more than one service offering may satisfy the customer’s current and future needs. We record revenue based on the individual products ordered by a customer, not according to the customer’s business requirements and usage. 
Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve-month basis as of the end of each month. As of January 31, 2021, our attrition rate, excluding our Integration service offering, Salesforce.org and Tableau, 
was between 9.0% and 9.5%. Prior to fiscal year 2021, our attrition rate excluded our Commerce service offering. In general, we exclude service offerings from acquisitions from our attrition calculation until they are fully integrated into our customer success organization. While our attrition rate is difficult to predict, we expect it to remain consistent or slightly better in the near term due to the diversity of size, industry and geography within the customer base. However, our attrition rate may increase over time, including, for example, as a result of COVID-19.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Secured Advances to Suppliers —Secured advances to suppliers are stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. Secured advances to suppliers are expected to be settled through delivery of non-cash assets and as such, allowances are established when collection is not probable. We establish an allowance for secured advances to suppliers, generally farmers and resellers of grain, based on historical experience, farming economics and other market conditions as well as specific customer collection issues. Uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount below the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection is unlikely. 
Secured advances to suppliers bear interest at contractual rates that reflect current market interest rates at the time of the transaction. There are no deferred fees or costs associated with these receivables. As a result, there are no imputed interest amounts to be amortized under the interest method. Interest income is calculated based on the terms of the individual agreements and is recognized on an accrual basis. 
We follow accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses, which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels, defined as portfolio segments and classes. Under this guidance, secured advances to suppliers are considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Neuromodulation – Development of clinical evidence and next-generation technologies leveraging digital health to support improved patient clinical outcomes, physician engagement, and expanded indications in the treatment of chronic pain, movement disorders and other indications. 
• Diabetes Care – Develop enhancements and additional indications for the FreeStyle Libre platform of continuous glucose monitoring products to help patients improve their ability to manage diabetes and for use beyond diabetes. 
Nutritionals — Abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric and adult nutrition areas: gastrointestinal/immunity health, brain health, mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. Numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.
