ALLSTATE CORP report:
In connection with regulatory examinations and proceedings, government authorities may seek various forms of relief, including penalties, restitution, and changes in business practices. The Company may not be advised of the nature and extent of relief sought until the final stages of the examination or proceeding. 
Accrual and disclosure policy   The Company reviews its lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and other legal proceedings on an ongoing basis and follows appropriate accounting guidance when making accrual and disclosure decisions. The Company establishes accruals for such matters at management’s best estimate when the Company assesses that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not establish accruals for such matters when the Company does not believe both that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company’s assessment of whether a loss is reasonably possible or probable is based on its assessment of the ultimate outcome of the matter following all appeals. The Company does not include potential recoveries in its estimates of reasonably possible or probable losses. Legal fees are expensed as incurred. 
The Company continues to monitor its lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and other legal proceedings for further developments that would make the loss contingency both probable and estimable, and accordingly accruable, or that could affect the amount of accruals that have been previously established. There may continue to be exposure to loss in excess of any amount accrued. Disclosure of the nature and amount of an accrual is made when there have been sufficient legal and factual developments such that the Company’s ability to resolve the matter would not be impaired by the disclosure of the amount of accrual.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested stock options and restricted stock awards with an estimated fair value of $ 1.5 billion. Of the total consideration, $ 292 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 1.2 billion was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
The amounts of revenue and earnings of Tableau included in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations from the acquisition date of August 1, 2019 to January 31, 2020 are as follows (in millions): 
The following pro forma financial information summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company and Tableau, as though the companies were combined as of the beginning of the Company’s fiscal 2019.

BOEING CO report:
During 2020, 2019 and 2018, we granted Performance Awards to our executives, which are cash units that pay out based on the achievement of long-term financial goals at the end of a three-year period. Each unit has an initial value of $ 100 dollars. The amount payable at the end of the three -year performance period may be anywhere from $ 0 to $ 200 dollars per unit for the 2019 and 2018 Performance Awards and $ 0 to $ 150 dollars for 2020 Performance Awards, depending on the Company’s performance against plan for a three-year period. The Compensation Committee has the discretion to pay these awards in cash, stock, or a combination of both after the three-year performance period. Compensation expense, based on the estimated performance payout, is recognized ratably over the performance period. 
The Company has deferred compensation plans which permit certain employees to defer a portion of their salary, bonus, certain other incentive awards, and retirement contributions. Participants can diversify these amounts among 23 investment funds including a Boeing stock unit account. 
Total expense related to deferred compensation was $ 93 , $ 174 and $ 19 in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the deferred compensation liability which is being marked to market was $ 1,718 and $ 1,779 .
