ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Natural gas transportation pipelines receive natural gas from supply sources including other transportation pipelines, storage facilities and gathering systems and deliver the natural gas to industrial end-users and other pipelines. Through our interstate transportation and storage segment, we directly own and operate approximately 12,340 miles of interstate natural gas pipelines with approximately 10.7 Bcf/d of transportation capacity and another approximately 6,780 miles and 10.7 Bcf/d of transportation capacity through joint venture interests. 
ETO’s vast interstate natural gas network spans the United States from Florida to California and Texas to Michigan, offering a comprehensive array of pipeline and storage services. Our pipelines have the capability to transport natural gas from nearly all Lower 48 onshore and offshore supply basins to customers in the Southeast, Gulf Coast, Southwest, Midwest, Northeast and Canada. Through numerous interconnections with other pipelines, our interstate systems can access virtually any supply or 
market in the country. As discussed further herein, our interstate segment operations are regulated by the FERC, which has broad regulatory authority over the business and operations of interstate natural gas pipelines.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Fair value estimates for private equity investments are calculated by the general partners using the market approach to estimate the fair value of private investments. The market approach utilizes prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions, type of security, degree of liquidity, restrictions on the disposition, latest round of financing data, company financial statements, relevant valuation multiples and discounted cash flow analyses. 
• Fair value estimates for private debt placements are calculated using standardized valuation methods, including but not limited to income-based techniques such as discounted cash flow projections or market-based techniques utilizing public and private transaction multiples as comparables. 
• Fair value estimates for real estate investments are calculated by investment managers using the present value of future cash flows expected to be received from the investments, based on valuation methodologies such as appraisals, local market conditions, and current and projected operating performance.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Content on Food Network includes primetime series Beat Bobby Flay , Chopped , Diners, Drive-ins and Dives , The Great Food Truck Race, Guy’s Grocery Games , Worst Cooks in America , and several seasonal baking championships, as well as daytime series Barefoot Contessa , Cook Like a Pro , Giada Entertains , Girl Meets Farm , Guy's Ranch Kitchen , The Kitchen , The Pioneer Woman, Trisha’s Southern Kitchen and Valerie's Home Cooking . 
TLC had approximately 85 million subscribers in the U.S. and 6 million subscribers in Canada that are included in the U.S. Networks segment as of December 31, 2019 . TLC content had approximately 449 million cumulative subscribers and viewers in international markets as of December 31, 2019 including the Home & Health, Real Time and Travel & Living brands. 
Offering remarkable real-life stories without judgment, TLC shares everyday heart, humor, hope, and human connection with programming genres that include fascinating families, heartwarming transformations and life's milestone moments.
