WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Historical payment trends may not be an accurate indicator of current or future creditworthiness of our customers, particularly in difficult economic and financial markets. As a result of the limited predictability inherent in estimating which customers are less likely or unlikely to remit amounts owed to us, our provision for estimated credit losses may not be sufficient. Any write-off of accounts receivable in excess of our provision for expected credit losses would have 
an adverse effect on our results of operations. If credit losses exceed established allowances, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. For additional information on the credit risks inherent in our business, see “Item 1A – Risk Factors” in this 2018 10‑K Report. 
Inventories are measured primarily using weighted average cost, and first-in-first-out in certain limited locations, and are measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. When evidence exists that the net realizable value of inventory is lower than its cost, the difference is recognized as a loss in earnings in the period in which it occurs. We utilize a variety of fuel indices and other indicators of market value. Sharp negative changes in these indices can result in a reduction of our inventory valuation, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations in the period in which we take the adjustment. These adjustments may have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations. Components of inventory include fuel purchase costs, the related transportation costs and changes in the estimated fair market values for inventories included in a fair value hedge relationship.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Senior Notes YY were issued at 99.955% of their principal amount and have a fixed interest rate of 3.125% per year. Senior Notes ZZ were issued at 99.792% of their principal amount and have a fixed interest rate of 4.20% per year. EPD has guaranteed these senior notes through an unconditional guarantee on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis.
In September 2019, EPO entered into an amendment (the “First Amendment”) to its revolving credit agreement dated September 13, 2017 (the “Multi-Year Revolving Credit Agreement”). The First Amendment reduces the borrowing capacity under the Multi-Year Revolving Credit Agreement from $4.0 billion to $3.5 billion (which may be increased by up to $500 million to $4.0 billion at EPO’s election provided certain conditions are met) and extends the maturity date to September 10, 2024, although the maturity date may be extended further at EPO’s request by up to two years, with the consent of required lenders as set forth under the credit agreement. Borrowings under this revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital investments, acquisitions and general company purposes. There are currently no principal amounts outstanding under this revolving credit agreement.
In September 2019, EPO entered into a 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement that replaced its prior 364-day credit facility. The new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement matures in September 2020. Under the terms of the new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, EPO may borrow up to $1.5 billion (which may be increased by up to $200 million to $1.7 billion at EPO’s election, provided certain conditions are met) at a variable interest rate for a term of up to 364 days, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. To the extent that principal amounts are outstanding at the maturity date, EPO may elect to have the entire principal balance then outstanding continued as non-revolving term loans for a period of one additional year, payable in September 2021. Borrowings under this revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital investments, acquisitions and general company purposes. There are currently no principal amounts outstanding under this revolving credit agreement.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Pricing – Our net revenue growth and profitability may be affected as we adjust prices to address new conditions. We adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including demand, the competitive environment and changes in our product input costs. We generally have increased prices in response to higher commodity costs, currency and other market factors. In 2020, we anticipate changing market conditions to continue to impact pricing. Price changes may affect net revenues or market share in the near term as the market adjusts to changes in input costs and other market conditions. 
Operating Costs – Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts and financing costs. We manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing and tax planning. To remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, such as our Simplify to Grow Program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. 
Multiemployer pension plan – In 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal from the Fund and recorded a $429 million estimated withdrawal liability. On July 11, 2019, we received an undiscounted withdrawal liability assessment from the Fund totaling $526 million and we recorded a $35 million final adjustment to reduce our withdrawal liability at that time. During the third quarter of 2019, we began making monthly pro-rata payments on the 20-year obligation. As of December 31, 2019, the remaining discounted withdrawal liability was $391 million .
