ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Steam crackers and refineries have historically been the major source of propane and butane olefins for downstream use; however, with the increased use of light-end feedstocks such as ethane, the need for “on purpose” olefins production has increased. Like our PDH facility, the iBDH plant will help meet market demand where traditional supplies have been reduced. The iBDH plant will increase our production of high purity and low purity isobutylene, both of which are used as feedstocks to manufacture lubricants, rubber products and fuel additives.
In December 2019, we placed our ethylene export terminal into limited service, with the first cargo of 25 million pounds of ethylene exported in January 2020. The terminal, which we operate, is located at our Morgan’s Point facility on the Houston Ship Channel and features two docks and the capacity to load 2.2 billion pounds of ethylene per year. A refrigerated storage tank for 66 million pounds of ethylene is being constructed on-site that will allow the terminal to load ethylene up to a rate of 2.2 million pounds per hour. Full commercial operations at the terminal are expected in the fourth quarter of 2020 once certain refrigeration assets are complete. We own a 50% member interest in Enterprise Navigator Ethylene Terminal LLC, which owns the export facility. 
Our ethylene system is being developed to serve as an open market storage and trading hub for the ethylene industry using storage capacity, connections to multiple ethylene pipelines, and high-volume export capabilities. In support of our ethylene business, we recently placed into service a high-capacity underground ethylene storage well at our Mont Belvieu complex having a storage capacity of 600 million pounds of ethylene. The storage well is connected to our Morgan’s Point ethylene export terminal by a 16-mile pipeline, which was placed into service in December 2019. An additional 8 miles of ethylene pipelines extending from Morgan’s Point to Bayport, Texas are under construction and expected to be completed and placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2020.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(5) (20) 15 Adjusted Operating Income $ 4,775   $ 4,401   $ 374   8.5   % Favorable currency translation (118) — (118) Adjusted Operating Income (constant currency) $ 4,657   $ 4,401   $ 256   5.8   % 
 For the Years Ended December 31,   2020 2019 $ Change % Change   (in millions)   Operating Income $ 3,853   $ 3,843   $ 10   0.3   % Simplify to Grow Program (1) 
— 2 (2) Adjusted Operating Income $ 4,401   $ 4,264   $ 137   3.2   % Unfavorable currency translation 59 — 59 Adjusted Operating Income (constant currency) $ 4,460   $ 4,264   $ 196   4.6   %

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our liquidity, consisting principally of cash and availability under our Credit Facility, fluctuates based on a number of factors, including the timing of receipts from our customers and payments to our suppliers, changes in fuel prices, as well as our financial performance. 
We rely on credit arrangements with banks, suppliers and other parties as an important source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by our operating cash flow. Future market volatility, generally, and any persistent weakness in global energy markets may adversely affect our ability to access capital and credit markets or to obtain funds at reasonable interest rates or on other advantageous terms. In addition, since our business is impacted by the availability of trade credit to fund fuel purchases, an actual or perceived decline in our liquidity or business generally could cause our suppliers to reduce our credit lines, seek credit support in the form of additional collateral or otherwise materially modify our payment terms. 
During times of high fuel prices, our customers may not be able to purchase as much fuel from us because of their credit limits with us and the resulting adverse impact on their business could cause them to be unable to make payments owed to us for fuel purchased on credit. Furthermore, when fuel prices increase our working capital requirements increase and our own credit limits could prevent us from purchasing enough fuel from our suppliers to meet our customers’ demands, or we could be required to prepay for fuel purchases, any of which would adversely impact our liquidity.
