SALESFORCE INC report:
Lightning Platform.   Lightning Platform empowers Information Technology (“IT”), developers and business users with the industry's leading no-code to pro-code Platform-as-a-Service tools for building, securing, integrating and managing the business apps that power today's customer experiences. With the Lightning Platform, enterprises drive digital transformation at scale by building applications for any business need. Lightning Platform includes complete, intelligent analytics capabilities so customers can explore their business data, uncover new insights, make smarter decisions and take action from any device. Lightning Platform also includes Trailhead for Enablement, our free, gamified, interactive online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Salesforce Platform. Lightning Platform also includes our Heroku Engagement Platform, which enables developers to build, run and operate applications entirely in the cloud. 
Integration.   MuleSoft Anypoint Platform enables our customers to connect any system, application, data or device, whether in the cloud or on-premises, on a unified platform using application networks instead of inflexible custom code. By unlocking data across their enterprise, our customers can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Collaboration.  Quip Collaboration Platform combines documents, spreadsheets, apps, and chat with live CRM data to deliver a central hub for teams to create, collaborate and get work done. Built mobile-first, Quip breaks down communication barriers and silos to enable every business to collaborate online, offline and from almost any device.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We are subject to various environmental protection and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate, and we incur costs to comply with these requirements. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations relating to environmental matters has not had a material financial or competitive effect on our business. However, due to our extensive operations across multiple industries and jurisdictions globally, we are exposed to the risk of claims and liabilities under these laws and regulations. Violation can result in substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities. 
Additionally, our business could be affected in the future by the regulation or taxation of greenhouse gas emissions or policies related to national emission reduction plans. We regularly assess the potential impacts to our business resulting from regulation or policies aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Potential consequences could include increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and we may be required to make additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes. As a result, the effects of additional climate change regulatory initiatives could have adverse impacts on our business and results of operations. Physical effects of climate change, including shifts in agricultural production areas and climatic volatility, could in the long-term result in incidents of stranded physical assets. We believe the breadth and diversification of our global asset network, as well as our participation in the global trade of agricultural commodities, help to mitigate these risks. 
As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had approximately 24,000 employees and 31,000 employees, respectively. The decrease in the number of employees is primarily related to the formation of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture in December 2019, to which we contributed our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations. Many of our employees are represented by labor unions, and their employment is governed by collective bargaining agreements. In general, we consider our employee relations to be good.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the SEC, could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
• an adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing; 
• changes in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, including the SEC, may require or that result from changes in the accounting rules or their application, which could result in an impact on earnings.
