COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our industry is highly competitive, based on factors such as price, merchandise quality and selection, location, convenience, distribution strategy, and customer service. We compete on a worldwide basis with global, national, and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores, and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. Walmart, Target, Kroger, and Amazon are among our significant general merchandise retail competitors. We also compete with other warehouse clubs (primarily Walmart’s Sam’s Club and BJ’s Wholesale Club), and many of the major metropolitan areas in the U.S. and certain of our Other International locations have multiple clubs. 
We believe that, to varying degrees, our trademarks, trade names, copyrights, proprietary processes, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names and similar intellectual property add significant value to our business and are important to our success. We have invested significantly in the development and protection of our well-recognized brands, including the Costco Wholesale ® trademarks and our private-label brand, Kirkland Signature ® . We believe that Kirkland Signature products are high quality, offered at prices that are generally lower than national brands, and help lower costs, differentiate our merchandise offerings, and generally earn higher margins. We expect to continue to increase the sales penetration of our private-label items. 
We rely on trademark and copyright laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality, license and other agreements with our suppliers, employees and others to protect our intellectual property. The availability and duration of trademark registrations vary by country; however, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and registrations are maintained.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company has incentive plans under which performance-based restricted stock units (“PRSUs”), service-based restricted stock units (“RSUs”), stock options, and stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) are issued. In addition, the Company offers an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"). Share-based compensation expense for all awards is recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative expense. Forfeitures for all awards are recognized as incurred. Excess tax benefits realized from the exercise of stock options and vested RSUs, PRSUs and the ESPP are reported as cash inflows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
Vesting for PRSUs is subject to satisfying objective operating performance conditions or a combination of objective and subjective operating performance conditions. Compensation expense for PRSUs is based on the fair value of the Company’s Series A and C common stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense for PRSUs that vest based on achieving subjective operating performance conditions or in situations where the executive is able to withhold taxes in excess of the maximum statutory requirement, is remeasured at fair value each reporting period until the award is settled. Compensation expense for all PRSUs is recognized ratably, following a graded vesting pattern during the vesting period only when it is probable that the operating performance conditions will be achieved. The Company records a cumulative adjustment to compensation expense for PRSUs if there is a change in the determination of the probability that the operating performance conditions will be achieved. 
Compensation expense for SARs is based on the fair value of the award. Because certain SARs are cash-settled, the Company remeasures the fair value of these awards each reporting period until settlement. Compensation expense for SARs, including changes in fair value, is recognized during the vesting period in proportion to the requisite service that has been rendered as of the reporting date. For awards with graded vesting, the Company measures fair value and records compensation expense separately for each vesting tranche.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Certain of our facilities are also subject to OSHA Process Safety Management (“PSM”) regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. These regulations apply to any process involving certain chemicals, flammable gases or liquids at or above a specified threshold (as defined in the regulations). In addition, we are subject to Risk Management Plan regulations of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) at certain facilities. These regulations are intended to complement the OSHA PSM regulations. These EPA regulations require us to develop and implement a risk 
management program that includes a five-year accident history report, an offsite consequence analysis process, a prevention program and an emergency response program. We believe we are operating in material compliance with the OSHA PSM regulations and the EPA’s Risk Management Plan requirements. 
The OSHA hazard communication standard, the community right-to-know regulations under Title III of the federal Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act, and comparable state statutes require us to organize and disclose information about the hazardous materials used in our operations. Certain parts of this information must be reported to federal, state and local governmental authorities and local citizens upon request. These laws and provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) require us to report spills and releases of hazardous chemicals in certain situations.
