ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
With respect to the tabular data below, the portfolio’s estimated economic value at a given date is based on a number of factors, including the number and types of derivatives outstanding at that date, the notional value of the swaps and associated interest rates. At December 31, 2019, our interest rate hedging portfolio consisted of 12 forward-starting swaps.
Forward-starting swaps hedge the risk of an increase in underlying benchmark interest rates during the period of time between the inception date of the swap agreement and the future date of a debt issuance. Under the terms of the forward-starting swaps, we pay to the counterparties (at the expected settlement dates of the instruments) amounts based on a fixed interest rate applied to a notional amount and receive from the counterparties an amount equal to a variable interest rate (based on LIBOR or an equivalent index rate) on the same notional amount.
These swaps were entered into in September 2019 as a result of the exercise of swaptions. See “Interest Rate Hedging Activities” under Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding the swaption exercise and related loss at inception.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We aim to be the global leader in snacking. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and our leveraging our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, and deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
On July 9, 2018, Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. ("Keurig") closed on its definitive merger agreement with Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., and formed Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (NYSE: "KDP"), a publicly traded company. Following the close of the transaction, our 24.2% investment in Keurig together with our shareholder loan receivable became a 13.8% investment in KDP. During the third quarter of 2018, we recorded a preliminary pre-tax gain of $757 million reported as a gain on equity method transaction and $184 million of deferred tax expense reported in the provision for income taxes (or $573 million after-tax gain) related to the change in our ownership interest while KDP finalized the valuation for the transaction. During our fourth quarter of 2018, KDP finalized its opening balance sheet and we increased our pre-tax gain by $21 million (or $13 million after tax) to $778 million (or $586 million after tax) for 2018. We hold two director positions on the KDP board as well as additional governance rights. As we continue to have significant influence, we continue to account for our investment in KDP under the equity method, resulting in recognizing our share of their earnings within our earnings and our share of their dividends within our cash flows. In connection with this transaction, we changed our accounting principle to reflect our share of Keurig's historical and KDP's ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis while we continue to record dividends when cash is received. We determined a lag was preferable as it enables us to continue to report our quarterly and annual results on a timely basis and to record our share of KDP’s ongoing results once KDP has publicly reported its results. This change in accounting principle was applied retrospectively to all periods. While our operating income did not change, equity method investment net earnings, net earnings and earnings per share have been adjusted to reflect the lag across all reported periods. Refer to Note 6, Equity Method Investments , for additional information. 
On December 22, 2017, the United States enacted tax reform legislation ("U.S. tax reform") that included a broad range of business tax provisions, including but not limited to a reduction in the U.S. federal tax rate from 35% to 21% as well as provisions that limit or eliminate various deductions or credits. The legislation also causes U.S. allocated expenses (e.g. interest and general administrative expenses) to be taxed and imposes a new tax on U.S. cross-border payments. Furthermore, the legislation includes a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and profits. While clarifying guidance was issued by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) during 2018, further tax guidance is expected during 2019.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We have elected to omit in this 2021 10‑K Report, discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements presented. Refer to Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (herein incorporated by reference), filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021, for management's discussion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 
We are principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and services in the aviation, land and marine transportation industries. Our intention is to become a leading global energy management company offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment services, technology solutions, payment management solutions, as well as sustainability products and services across the renewable energy market. For additional discussion on our businesses, climate change and the associated risks, see Part I, Item 1. – Business and Item 1A – Risk Factors within this 2021 10-K Report. 
Throughout 2020 and 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the global economy as a whole, and the transportation industries in particular. Many of our customers in these industries, especially commercial airlines, experienced a substantial decline in business activity arising from the various measures enacted by governments around the world to contain the spread of the virus. While travel and economic activity has begun to improve in certain regions, activity in many parts of the world continues to be negatively impacted by travel restrictions and lockdowns. For additional discussion on the risks relating to the pandemic, see Item 1A. – Risk Factors within this 2021 10-K Report.
