WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The FCC's program carriage rules prohibit distributors from favoring their affiliated content networks over unaffiliated similarly situated content networks in the rates, terms and conditions of carriage agreements between content networks and cable operators or other MVPDs. Recent regulatory changes and court decisions make it more difficult for us to challenge a distributor’s decision to decline to carry one of our content networks or discriminate against one of our content networks. 
The Communications Act (the “Act”) imposes “must-carry” regulations on cable systems, requiring them to carry the signals of most local broadcast television stations in their market. DBS systems are also subject to their own must-carry rules. The FCC’s implementation of “must-carry” obligations requires cable operators and DBS providers to give broadcasters preferential access to channel space and favorable channel positions. This reduces the amount of channel space that is available for carriage of our content networks by cable and DBS operators. The Act also gives broadcasters the choice of opting out of must-carry and invoking the right to retransmission consent, which refers to a broadcaster’s right to require MVPDs, such as cable and satellite operators, to obtain the broadcaster's consent before distributing the broadcaster's signal to the MVPDs' subscribers, often at a substantial cost that reduces the content funds available for independent programmers not affiliated with broadcasters, such as us. 
Certain of our content networks and some of our IP-delivered video content must provide closed-captioning and audio description of some of their programming and comply with other regulations designed to make our content more accessible. Our content networks and digital products intended primarily for children 12 years of age and under must comply with certain limits on the amount and type of permissible advertising. We may not include emergency alert tones or signals in our content. Commercials embedded in our networks’ content stream also must adhere to certain standards for ensuring that those commercials are not transmitted at louder volumes than our program material.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our primary competitors in the NGL and related product storage business are major integrated oil companies, chemical companies and other storage and pipeline companies. We compete with other storage service providers primarily in terms of the fees charged, number of pipeline connections provided and operational dependability. Our export terminal operations compete with those operated by major oil and gas and chemical companies and other midstream service providers primarily in terms of loading and offloading throughput capacity and access to related pipeline and storage infrastructure. 
We compete with a number of NGL fractionators in Kansas, Louisiana, New Mexico and Texas. Competition for such services is primarily based on the fractionation fee charged. However, the ability of an NGL fractionator to receive a customer’s mixed NGLs and store and distribute the resulting purity NGL products is also an important competitive factor and is a function of having the necessary pipeline and storage infrastructure. 
Within their respective market areas, our crude oil pipelines, storage terminals and related marketing activities compete with other crude oil pipeline companies, rail carriers, major integrated oil companies and their marketing affiliates, financial institutions with commodity trading platforms and independent crude oil gathering and marketing companies. The crude oil business can be characterized by intense competition for supplies of crude oil at the wellhead. Competition is based primarily on quality of customer service, competitive pricing and proximity to customers and market hubs.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
respectively, which is included in the total accruals above. These legacy sites that are subject to environmental assessments include formerly owned terminals and other logistics assets, retail sites that are no longer operated by ETC Sunoco, closed and/or sold refineries and other formerly owned sites. We have established a wholly-owned captive insurance company for these legacy sites that are no longer operating. The premiums paid to the captive insurance company include estimates for environmental claims that have been incurred but not reported, based on an actuarially determined fully developed claims expense estimate. In such cases, we accrue losses attributable to unasserted claims based on the discounted estimates that are used to develop the premiums paid to the captive insurance company. As of December 31, 2020, the captive insurance company held $189 million of cash and investments. 
The Partnership’s accrual for environmental remediation activities reflects anticipated work at identified sites where an assessment has indicated that cleanup costs are probable and reasonably estimable. The accrual for known claims is undiscounted and is based on currently available information, estimated timing of remedial actions and related inflation assumptions, existing technology and presently enacted laws and regulations. It is often extremely difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs due to changing regulations, changing technologies and their associated costs, and changes in the economic environment. Engineering studies, historical experience and other factors are used to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated accruals for environmental remediation activities. 
Under various environmental laws, including the RCRA, the Partnership has initiated corrective remedial action at certain of its facilities, formerly owned facilities and at certain third-party sites. At the Partnership’s major manufacturing facilities, we have typically assumed continued industrial use and a containment/remediation strategy focused on eliminating unacceptable risks to human health or the environment. The remediation accruals for these sites reflect that strategy. Accruals include amounts designed to prevent or mitigate off-site migration and to contain the impact on the facility property, as well as to address known, discrete areas requiring remediation within the plants. Remedial activities include, for example, closure of RCRA waste management units, recovery of hydrocarbons, handling of impacted soil, mitigation of surface water impacts and prevention or mitigation of off-site migration. A change in this approach as a result of changing the intended use of a property or a sale to a third party could result in a comparatively higher cost remediation strategy in the future.
