WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• Studios - Our Studios segment primarily consists of the production and release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, production and initial licensing of television programs to third parties and our networks/DTC services, distribution of our films and television programs to various third party and internal television and streaming services, distribution through the home entertainment market (physical and digital), related consumer products and themed experience licensing, and interactive gaming. 
Our segment presentation aligns with our management structure and the financial information management uses to make decisions about operating matters, such as the allocation of resources and business performance assessments. Prior periods have been recast to conform to the current period presentation. Financial information for our segments and the geographical areas in which we do business is set forth in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
WBD’s Studios business includes the Warner Bros. Pictures Group (“WBPG”), DC Studios, Warner Bros. Television Group (“WBTVG”), Global Brands and Experiences (“GBE”) (consumer products, themed entertainment, brand licensing, and publisher DC Comics), content licensing, home entertainment, studio operations, and interactive gaming.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Our developed markets include the entire North America region, the Europe region excluding the countries included in the emerging markets definition, and Australia, New Zealand and Japan from the AMEA region. 
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise across our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. For a definition and reconciliation of segment operating income to consolidated pre-tax earnings as well as other information on our segments, see Note 18, Segment Reporting .

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
an increase in marketing margin of $55 million due to a $48 million increase from our butane blending operations and a $22 million increase in sales of NGLs and other products at our Marcus Hook Industrial Complex due to more favorable market prices. These increases were partially offset by a $15 million decrease from the timing of optimization gains from our Mont Belvieu fractionators; and 
an increase of $126 million in operating expenses primarily due to a $30 million increase in costs to operate our fractionators and a $20 million increase in operating costs on our NGL pipelines as a result of higher throughput and the commissioning of our fifth fractionator in July 2018, a $36 million increase resulting from a change in the classification of certain customer reimbursements previously recorded as a reduction to operating expenses that are now classified as revenue following the adoption of ASC 606 on January 1, 2018, increases of $24 million and $7 million to operating costs at our Marcus Hook and Nederland terminals, respectively, as a result of significantly higher volumes through both terminals in 2018, an $8 million increase to environmental reserves and a $1 million increase to overhead allocations and maintenance repairs performed on our refinery services assets; and 
an increase of $10 million in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily due to a $6 million increase in overhead costs allocated to the segment, a $2 million increase in legal fees, a $1 million increase in management fees previously recorded in operating expenses and a $1 million increase in employee costs.
