COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company may designate derivative instruments as hedges of net investments in foreign operations. The Company assesses the effectiveness of net investment hedges utilizing the spot-method. The entire change in the fair value of derivatives that qualify as net investment hedges is initially recorded in the currency translation adjustment component of other comprehensive (loss) income. While the change in fair value attributable to hedge effectiveness remains in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the net investment is sold or liquidated, the change in fair value attributable to components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (e.g., forward points, cross currency basis, etc.) is reflected as a component of interest expense, net in the current period. 
The Company may also enter into derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not designated as hedges. These instruments are intended to mitigate economic exposures due to exogenous events and changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and from market volatility related to certain investments measured at fair value. The changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges are recorded in the statement of operations in the same line item where the hedged risk occurs. 
Unsettled derivative contracts are recorded at their gross fair values on the consolidated balance sheets. The portion of the fair value that represents cash flows occurring within one year is classified as current, and the portion related to cash flows occurring beyond one year is classified as noncurrent.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The safe operation of our pipelines and other assets is a top priority. We are committed to protecting the environment and the health and safety of the public and those working on our behalf by conducting our business activities in a safe and environmentally responsible manner.
Certain of our facilities are subject to general industry requirements of the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (“OSHA”), and comparable state statutes. We believe we are in material compliance with OSHA and similar state requirements, including general industry standards, record keeping requirements and monitoring of occupational exposures of employees.
Certain of our facilities are also subject to OSHA Process Safety Management (“PSM”) regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. These regulations apply to any process involving certain chemicals, flammable gases or liquids at or above a specified threshold (as defined in the regulations). In addition, we are subject to Risk Management Plan regulations of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) at certain facilities. These regulations are intended to complement the OSHA PSM regulations. These EPA regulations require us to develop and implement a risk management program that includes a five-year accident history report, an offsite consequence analysis process, a prevention program and an emergency response program. We believe we are operating in material compliance with the OSHA PSM regulations and the EPA’s Risk Management Plan requirements.
