VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Cost of services Selling, general and administrative expense $ 5,248   $ 5,016   $ 4,746   Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Depreciation and amortization expense 259   309   330   Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense 34   39   38   
Cost of services Selling, general and administrative expense 307   295   218   Sublease income Service revenues and other ( 193 ) ( 167 ) ( 171 ) Total net lease cost $ 5,676   $ 5,514   $ 5,201   Gain on sale and leaseback transaction, net Selling, general and administrative expense $ —   $ —   $ ( 391 ) 
(1) All operating lease costs, including short-term and variable lease costs, are split between Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income based on the use of the facility or equipment that the rent is being paid on. See Note 1 for additional information. Variable lease costs represent payments that are dependent on a rate or index, or on usage of the asset.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue, or in revenue depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. In general, we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period. 
Professional services and other revenues consist of fees associated with consulting and implementation services and training. Our consulting and implementation engagements are billed on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. We also offer a number of training classes on implementing, using and administering our service that are billed on a per person, per class basis. Our typical professional services payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. 
In determining whether professional services can be accounted for separately from subscription and support revenues, we consider a number of factors, which are described in Note 1 "Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2019 , approximately 1,600 of our pending claims have been reported to the MCCA, of which approximately 55% represents claims that occurred more than 5 years ago. There are 73 Allstate brand claims with reserves in excess of $15 million as of December 31, 2019 , which comprise approximately 32% of the gross ending reserves in the table above. As a result, significant developments with a single claimant can result in volatility in prior year incurred claims. 
Intercompany reinsurance We enter into certain intercompany insurance and reinsurance transactions in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. These reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
Catastrophe reinsurance Our catastrophe reinsurance program is designed to address our exposure to catastrophes nationwide, utilizing our risk management methodology. Our program is designed to provide reinsurance protection for catastrophes resulting from multiple perils including hurricanes, windstorms, hail, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, and fires following earthquakes. These reinsurance agreements are part of our catastrophe management strategy, which is intended to provide our shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business, while providing protection to our customers.
