ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
NGL terminalling services are facilitated by approximately 10 MMBbls of NGL storage capacity. These operations also support our liquids blending activities, including the use of our patented butane blending technology. Refined products operations provide transportation and terminalling services through the use of approximately 2,918 miles of refined products pipelines and 37 active refined products marketing terminals. Our marketing terminals are located primarily in the northeast, midwest and southwest United States, with approximately 8 MMBbls of refined products storage capacity. Our refined products operations utilize our integrated pipeline and terminalling assets, as well as acquisition and marketing activities, to service refined products markets in several regions throughout the United States. The mix of products delivered through our refined products pipelines varies seasonally, with gasoline demand peaking during the summer months, and demand for heating oil and other distillate fuels peaking in the winter. The products transported in these pipelines include multiple grades of gasoline and middle distillates, such as heating oil, diesel and jet fuel. Rates for shipments on these product pipelines are regulated by the FERC and other state regulatory agencies, as applicable. 
Revenues in this segment are principally generated from fees charged to customers under dedicated contracts or take-or-pay contracts. Under a dedicated contract, the customer agrees to deliver the total output from particular processing plants that are connected to the NGL pipeline. Take-or-pay contracts have minimum throughput commitments requiring the customer to pay regardless of whether a fixed volume is transported. Fees are market-based, negotiated with customers and competitive with regional regulated pipelines and fractionators. Storage revenues are derived from base storage and throughput fees. This segment also derives revenues from the marketing of NGLs and processing and fractionating refinery off-gas. 
Our crude oil operations provide transportation (via pipeline and trucking), terminalling and acquisition and marketing services to crude oil markets throughout the southwest, midwest, northwestern and northeastern United States. Through our crude oil transportation and services segment, we own and operate (through wholly-owned subsidiaries or joint venture interests) approximately 10,850 miles of crude oil trunk and gathering pipelines in the southwest and midwest United States. This segment includes equity ownership interests in four crude oil pipelines, the Bakken Pipeline system, Bayou Bridge Pipeline, White Cliffs Pipeline and Maurepas Pipeline. Our crude oil terminalling services operate with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 71 MMBbls, including approximately 29 MMBbls at our Gulf Coast terminal in Nederland, Texas, approximately 18.2 MMBbls at our Gulf coast terminal on the Houston Ship Channel and approximately 7.7 MMBbls at our Cushing facility in Cushing, Oklahoma. Our crude oil acquisition and marketing activities utilize our pipeline and terminal assets, our proprietary fleet crude oil tractor trailers and truck unloading facilities, as well as third-party assets, to service crude oil markets principally in the midcontinent United States.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding our derivative instruments and hedging activities.
The price of energy commodities such as natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market conditions and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. In order to manage such price risks, we enter into commodity derivative instruments such as physical forward contracts, futures contracts, fixed-for-float swaps and basis swaps.
At December 31, 2021, our predominant commodity hedging strategies consisted of (i) hedging anticipated future purchases and sales of commodity products associated with transportation, storage and blending activities, (ii) hedging the fair value of commodity products held in inventory and (iii) hedging natural gas processing margins. For a summary of our portfolio of commodity derivative instruments outstanding, see Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report .

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Although the delivery of linear feeds and digital products, such as video-on-demand (“VOD”) and authenticated TVE applications, are considered distinct performance obligations within a distribution arrangement, on-demand offerings generally match the programs that are airing on the linear network. Therefore, the Company recognizes revenue for licensing arrangements as the license fee is earned and based on continuous delivery for fixed fee contracts. 
Content revenues are generated from the release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, the licensing of feature films and television programs to various television, SVOD and other digital markets, distribution of feature films and television programs in the physical and digital home entertainment market, sales of console games and mobile in-game content, sublicensing of sports rights, and licensing of intellectual property such as characters and brands. 
In general, fixed payments for the licensing of intellectual property are recognized as revenue at either the inception of the license term or as sales-based royalties as underlying sales occur if the intellectual property has significant standalone functionality (“functional IP,” such as a produced film or television series), or over the corresponding license term if the licensee’s ability to derive utility is dependent upon our continued support of the intellectual property throughout the license term (“symbolic IP,” such as a character or a brand). Feature films may be produced or acquired for initial exhibition in theaters or direct release on our streaming service. Arrangements with theaters for exhibiting a film over a certain period are generally sales-based royalties and recorded as revenue as the underlying sales of the exhibitors occur.
