SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding into new horizontal markets.  As part of our growth strategy, which is driven both organically and through acquisitions, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, commerce, IoT and integration, and expect to continue this type of horizontal expansion in the future. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in top industries and major regions globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have steadily increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ, and we intend to develop additional distribution channels for our solutions around the globe. 
Promoting strong customer adoption. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, as well as advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and accelerate digital transformation.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product's safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications. 
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process. 
In the EU, cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which is governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the Directive. Some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to CE marking of the device. For other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the CE mark to the product. Outside the U.S. and the EU, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
On March 5, 2020, we settled our obligations under the Liquidity Option Agreement by issuing 54,807,352 new common units to Skyline North Americas, Inc. in exchange for the capital stock of OTA. Upon settlement of the Liquidity Option, we indirectly acquired the 54,807,352 Partnership common units owned by OTA (which were issued by us to OTA in October 2014) and assumed all future income tax obligations of OTA, including its deferred tax liability. For additional information regarding settlement of the Liquidity Option, see Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
On September 30, 2020, we issued and sold an aggregate of 50,000 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Units in a private placement transaction. The stated value of each preferred unit is $1,000 per unit. The total offering price for the preferred units was $50.0 million, of which $32.5 million was received in cash with the remaining $17.5 million funded through the exchange of 1,120,588 of our common units owned by the purchasers. Cash proceeds from the preferred unit offering include $15.0 million received from a privately held affiliate of EPCO for the purchase of 15,000 preferred units. Offering expenses were approximately $1.0 million.
Concurrently, we exchanged all of the 54,807,352 Partnership common units owned directly by OTA for 855,915 of our new preferred units having an equivalent value. The preferred units held by OTA, like the common units OTA held prior to the exchange, are accounted for as treasury units by us in consolidation. The historical cost of the treasury units did not change as a result of the exchange and remains at the $1.3 billion recognized in March 2020 in connection with settlement of the Liquidity Option.
