SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the European Union (EU), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the European In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Directive, depends upon the category, with certain product categories requiring review and approval by an independent company, known as a Notified Body, before the manufacturer can affix a CE mark to the product to declare conformity to the Directive. Other products only require a self-certification process. In 2017, the EU adopted the new In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replaces the existing directive in the EU for in vitro diagnostic products and imposes additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. In December 2021, the IVDR was amended to extend the regulation’s previous two-year transition period by one to three years, with the transition period extending to May 2027 for certain devices. However, the amendment does not delay the date of application of the IVDR itself which will take effect on May 26, 2022.
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., medical devices are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott’s medical device products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We periodically evaluate the collectability of our farmer receivables and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. We base our determination of the allowance on analyses of the credit quality of individual accounts, also considering the economic and financial condition of the farming industry and other market conditions, as well as the value of any collateral related to amounts owed. We continuously review defaulted farmer receivables for impairment on an individual account basis. We consider all accounts in legal collections processes to be defaulted and past due. For such accounts, we determine the allowance for uncollectible amounts based on the fair value of the associated collateral, net of estimated costs to sell. For all renegotiated accounts (current and past due), we consider changes in farm economic conditions and other market conditions, our historical experience related to renegotiated accounts, and the fair value of collateral in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts. 
Secured Advances to Suppliers and Prepaid Commodity Contracts —We purchase soybeans through prepaid commodity purchase contracts (advance cash payments to suppliers against contractual obligations to deliver specified quantities of soybeans in the future) and secured advances to suppliers (advances to suppliers against commitments to deliver soybeans in 
the future), primarily in Brazil. These financing arrangements are typically secured by the farmer's future crop and mortgages on the farmer's land, buildings and equipment, and are generally settled after the farmer's crop is harvested and sold.
