ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We have approximately 35 refined products terminals with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 8 MMBbls that facilitate the movement of refined products to or from storage or transportation systems, such as a pipeline, to other transportation systems, such as trucks or other pipelines. Each facility typically consists of multiple storage tanks and is equipped with automated truck loading equipment that is operational 24 hours a day. 
In addition to crude oil service, the Eagle Point terminal can accommodate three marine vessels (ships or barges) to receive and deliver refined products to outbound ships and barges. The tank farm has a total active refined products storage capacity of approximately 7 MMBbls , and provides customers with access to the facility via ship, barge and pipeline. The terminal can deliver via ship, barge, truck or pipeline, providing customers with access to various markets. The terminal generates revenue primarily by charging fees based on throughput, blending services and storage. 
The Marcus Hook Tank Farm has a total refined products storage capacity of approximately 2 MMBbls of refined products storage. The terminal receives and delivers refined products via pipeline and primarily provides terminalling services to support movements on our refined products pipelines.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for CloudCraze was approximately $190 million , which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $58 million  for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one  to seven  years. The Company recorded approximately $134 million  of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating CloudCraze's technology with the Company's other offerings. The goodwill balance is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair value of current and noncurrent income taxes payable and deferred taxes, may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
During fiscal 2018, the Company acquired two  companies for an aggregate of $38 million  in cash and equity, net of cash acquired, and has included the financial results of these companies in its consolidated financial statements from the dates of acquisition. The transactions were not material to the Company and the costs associated with the acquisitions were not material. The Company accounted for the transactions as business combinations. In allocating the purchase consideration based on estimated fair values, the Company recorded $3 million  of intangible assets and $35 million  of goodwill. The majority of the goodwill balance associated with these business combinations is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
During fiscal 2017, the Company acquired 13  companies, including the acquisition of Demandware, for an aggregate of $4.4 billion  in cash and equity, net of cash acquired, and has included the financial results of these companies in its consolidated financial statements from the dates of acquisition. The costs associated with the acquisitions were not material. The Company accounted for the transactions as business combinations. In allocating the purchase consideration based on

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We sell our octane enhancement products at market-based prices. We attempt to mitigate the price risk associated with these products by entering into commodity derivative instruments. To the extent that we produce MTBE, it is sold exclusively into the export market. We measure the utilization of our octane enhancement facility in terms of its combined isooctane, isobutylene and MTBE production volumes, which averaged 26 MBPD, 14 MBPD and 15 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
We also own and operate a facility located on the Houston Ship Channel that produces up to 4 MBPD of HPIB and includes an associated storage facility with 0.6 MMBbls of related product storage capacity. The primary feedstock for this plant, an isobutane/isobutylene mix, is produced by our octane enhancement and iBDH facilities. HPIB is used in the production of polyisobutylene, which is used in the manufacture of lubricants and rubber. In general, we sell HPIB at market-based prices with a cost-based floor. On a weighted-average basis, utilization rates for this facility were 106.6%, 91.7% and 97.6% for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
The results of operations from our octane enhancement and HPIB facilities are generally dependent on the level of production volumes and the difference, or spread, between the sales prices of the products and the associated feedstock purchase costs and other operating expenses.
