ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
USE OF ESTIMATES — The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates, income taxes, pension and other post-employment benefits, valuation of intangible assets, litigation, derivative financial instruments, and inventory and accounts receivable exposures.
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION — The statements of earnings of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustment account, which is included in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
REVENUE RECOGNITION — Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms set forth in the customer contract. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for shipments in excess of a customer’s normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary. In certain of Abbott’s businesses, primarily within diagnostics, Abbott participates in selling arrangements that include multiple performance obligations (e.g., instruments, reagents, procedures, and service agreements). The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space, co-location data center facilities and our development and test data center, as well as leases for computer equipment, software, furniture and fixtures. As of January 31, 2023, the future non-cancelable minimum payments under these commitments were approximately $4.7 billion, with payments of $933 million due in the next 12 months and $3.8 billion due thereafter. As of January 31, 2023, we have additional operating leases that have not yet commenced totaling $0.4 billion. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. 
In addition to our leasing arrangements, we have other contractual commitments associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, including those with infrastructure service providers. Our total commitments under these agreements are $6.5 billion, of which payments of $1.1 billion are due in the next 12 months and $5.4 billion are due thereafter. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. 
During fiscal 2023 and in future fiscal years, we have made, and expect to continue to make, additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations to increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure including offices, information technology and data centers, as well as investments with infrastructure service providers, to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Every quarter, we review rating agency changes for all of the lenders that have a continuing obligation to provide us with funding. We are not aware of any facts that indicate our lenders will not be able to comply with the contractual terms of their agreements with us. We continue to monitor the credit markets generally and the strength of our lender counterparties. 
From time to time, we repurchase or otherwise retire our debt and take other steps to reduce our debt or otherwise improve our leverage. These actions may include open market repurchases, negotiated repurchases, and other retirements of outstanding debt. The amount of debt that may be repurchased or otherwise retired, if any, will depend on market conditions, our debt trading levels, our cash position, and other considerations. 
(230) 154 Other adjustments 485 485 Net cash provided by operating activities 419 413 Net cash used in investing activities (262) (1,110) Net cash provided by financing activities (837) 1,427 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (680) 730 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash—beginning of year 828 98 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash—end of year $ 148 $ 828
