VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Customers have more choices for obtaining video content from various online services and that content can be accessed on a TV, computer, tablet or mobile phone. We expect the market will continue to shift from traditional linear video to over-the-top offerings. 
We expect customer migration from traditional voice services to wireless services to continue as a growing number of customers place greater value on mobility and wireless companies position their services as a landline alternative. We also face increasing competition from cable operators and other providers of VoIP services as well as Internet portal providers. 
In the Enterprise Solutions market, competition remains high, primarily as a result of increased industry focus on technology convergence. We compete in this area with system integrators, carriers, and hardware and software providers. In addition, some of the largest IT services companies are making strategic acquisitions, divesting non-strategic assets or forging new alliances to improve cost structure and focus on solutions which are growth catalysts for technology spending. Many new alliances and acquisitions have focused on emerging fields, such as cloud computing, software delivery, communication applications and other computing tasks via the network, rather than by the use of in-house machines. Carriers have also utilized acquisitions to make significant inroads into enterprise outsourcing markets that have long been dominated by the major IT outsourcers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross selling and upselling. For example, we see significant opportunity to expand multi-offering adoption with our existing customers, including our largest enterprise customers. As our customers realize the benefits of our service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customer experience with new products, premium editions and additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units, and expanding all editions of our service offerings with new features, functions and increased security through our own development, acquisitions and partnerships. Ultimately, our goal is to become our customers' digital trusted advisors, inspiring enterprise-wide digital transformation and accelerating strategic engagements through direct discussions with the highest levels of our customers' executive management. 
International expansion. We continue to increase our investment in our international go-to-market resources, operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest quality service to our customers around the world. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in major regions globally, primarily through our direct sales force and have steadily increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ. We will also continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies such as self-service for Essentials.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Changes in our growth assumptions, including the risk of loss of key customers, or adverse changes in the discount rates could result in a decline in fair value and result in a goodwill impairment charge. 
Reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense estimation Reserves are established to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims and claims expenses under insurance policies we have issued. Underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense reserves. These reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including IBNR, as of the financial statement date. 
settle claims, less losses that have been paid. The significant lines of business are auto, homeowners, and other personal lines for Allstate Protection, and asbestos, environmental, and other discontinued lines for Discontinued Lines and Coverages. Allstate Protection’s claims are typically reported promptly with relatively little reporting lag between the date of occurrence and the date the loss is reported. Auto and homeowners liability losses generally take an average of about two years to settle, while auto physical damage, homeowners property and other personal lines have an average settlement time of less than one year. Discontinued Lines and Coverages involve long-tail losses, such as those related to asbestos and environmental claims, which often involve substantial reporting lags and extended times to settle.
