ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
INCOME TAXES — Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effect of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements at the enacted statutory rate to be in effect when the taxes are paid. No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA), or any additional outside basis differences that exist, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, the TCJA subjects taxpayers to tax on global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. Abbott treats the GILTI tax as a period expense and provides for the tax in the year that the tax is incurred. Interest and penalties on income tax obligations are included in taxes on earnings. 
EARNINGS PER SHARE — Unvested restricted stock units and awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are treated as participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share under the two-class method. Under the two-class method, net earnings are allocated between common shares and participating securities. Earnings from Continuing Operations allocated to common shares in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $ 6.905 billion, $ 7.042 billion and $ 4.449 billion, respectively. Net earnings allocated to common shares in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $ 6.905 billion, $ 7.042 billion and $ 4.473 billion, respectively. 
PENSION AND POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS — Abbott accrues for the actuarially determined cost of pension and post-employment benefits over the service attribution periods of the employees. Abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. Differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual return are amortized over a five-year period. Actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees under the corridor method.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is fluid and continues to evolve, and therefore, we cannot currently predict the extent to which our business, results of operations or financial condition will ultimately be impacted. In particular, we cannot predict the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will affect our business, results of operation or financial condition in the long term because the duration and severity of the pandemic and its negative impact on the economy (including our customers) is unclear. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us will also be dependent on: the resiliency of the restaurant and hospitality industry and consumer spending more broadly; actions taken by national, state and local governments to contain the disease or treat its impact, including travel restrictions and bans, social distancing requirements, required closures of non-essential businesses and aid and economic stimulus efforts; widespread vaccination of the American public resulting in increased willingness by consumers to consume food away from home, travel and attend sporting and other events; and any prolonged economic recession resulting from the pandemic. Certain of our customers, particularly independent restaurants, have temporarily and, in some cases, permanently shut down their operations due to the adverse business consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, although during the course of the pandemic many of our restaurant customers have pivoted their offerings to focus on carryout and delivery, in many markets the combination of colder weather during the winter season and restrictions on in-person dining will likely pose additional challenges to our restaurant customers in those markets. If our customers continue to face business challenges, more of them may permanently shut down, which would impact the demand for our services and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. While economic and operating conditions for our business improved in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, we do not expect to see pre-COVID-19 levels of operation until all government restrictions are lifted and consumers are once again willing and able to resume consumption of food away from home, travel and attend sporting and other events on a regular basis. This recovery may not occur until well after the pandemic abates and the broader economy begins to improve. 
Case growth —Case growth, by customer type (e.g., independent restaurants) is reported as of a point in time. Customers periodically are reclassified, based on changes in size or other characteristics, and when those changes occur, the respective customer’s historical volume follows its new classification. 
Financial Highlights —Total case volume decreased 11.0% in fiscal year 2020, and independent restaurant case volume decreased 11.2% in fiscal year 2020. Excluding the impact of the extra week in fiscal year 2020, total case volume decreased 12.5% in fiscal year 2020, and independent restaurant case volume decreased 12.7% in fiscal year 2020. Net sales decreased $3,054 million, or 11.8%, in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to the negative impact of COVID-19 on total case volumes, which was partially offset by contributions from the Food Group (which is included in our results for the full fiscal year 2020, and for fiscal year 2019, but only

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. For a definition and reconciliation of segment operating income to consolidated pre-tax earnings as well as other information on our segments, see Note 17, Segment Reporting . 
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues from continuing operations in 2018 . Our five largest customers accounted for 16.8% and our ten largest customers accounted for 23.0% of net revenues from continuing operations in 2018 .
