ALLSTATE CORP report:
ABS - collateralized debt obligations (“CDO”) and ABS - consumer and other: The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields, prepayment speeds, collateral performance and credit spreads. Certain ABS - CDO and ABS - consumer and other are valued based on non-binding broker quotes whose inputs have been corroborated to be market observable. 
RMBS: The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields, prepayment speeds, collateral performance and credit spreads. 
CMBS: The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields, collateral performance and credit spreads.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning. Learning and development opportunities include Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees, in-person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks and more. For example, the Great Leader Pathways program is designed to support leadership development at scale to meet current and future needs of the business. In fiscal 2023, approximately 24,000 employees enrolled in Great Leader Pathways. We also encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations. 
We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of stock options, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local laws and to be competitive in the marketplace. 
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect.

BOEING CO report:
Some of our development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis and BDS customers are increasingly seeking fixed priced proposals for new programs. Examples of significant fixed-price development programs include Commercial Crew, KC-46A Tanker, T-7A Red Hawk, VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, MQ-25, and commercial and military satellites. New programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. Many development programs have highly complex designs. As technical or quality issues arise during development, we may experience schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. These programs are ongoing, and while we believe the cost and fee estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of these programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, the loss of satellite in-orbit incentive payments, or other financially significant exposure. These programs have risk for reach-forward losses if our estimated costs exceed our estimated contract revenues. 
KC-46A Tanker The KC-46A Tanker is a derivative of our 767 commercial aircraft. In 2011, we were awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force ( USAF ) to design, develop, manufacture and deliver next generation aerial refueling tankers. The contract contains production options for both low rate initial production (LRIP) aircraft and full rate production aircraft. Since 2016, the USAF has authorized five LRIP lots for a total of 67 aircraft. The Engineering, Manufacturing and Development (EMD) contract and the five authorized LRIP lots are valued at approximately $15 billion. If all options under the contract are exercised, we expect to deliver 179 aircraft for a total expected contract value of approximately $30 billion. In January 2019, we delivered the first KC-46A to the USAF, and by December 2019, we had delivered a total of 28 aircraft. 
During 2017, we recorded reach-forward losses of $445 million related to this program, primarily reflecting higher estimated costs associated with certification and incorporating changes into LRIP aircraft. During 2018, we recorded additional reach-forward losses of $736 million primarily reflecting higher estimated costs associated with certification, flight testing and change incorporation on aircraft, as well as higher than expected effort to meet customer requirements in order to support delivery of the initial aircraft. During 2019, we recorded additional reach-forward losses of $148 million reflecting higher manufacturing costs.
