MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) Includes impacts recorded in operating income and interest expense and other, net. Mark-to-market gains/(losses) above also include our equity method investment-related derivative contract mark-to-market gains/(losses) (refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments ) that are recorded in the gain on equity method investment transactions on our consolidated statement of earnings. 
(3) Gain/(loss) on equity method investment transactions is recorded outside pre-tax operating results on the consolidated statement of earnings. See footnote (1) as mark-to-market gains/(losses) on our equity method-investment-related derivative contracts are presented in the table above within mark-to-market gains/(losses) from derivatives. 
(4) Includes our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees, including acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring program costs.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our strategy is to provide our members with a broad range of high-quality merchandise at prices we believe are consistently lower than elsewhere. We seek to limit most items to fast-selling models, sizes, and colors. We carry less than 4,000 active stock keeping units (SKUs) per warehouse in our core warehouse business, significantly less than other broadline retailers. We average anywhere from 10,000 to 11,000 SKUs online, some of which are also available in our warehouses. Many consumable products are offered for sale in case, carton, or multiple-pack quantities only. 
In keeping with our policy of member satisfaction, we generally accept returns of merchandise. On certain electronic items, we typically have a 90-day return policy and provide, free of charge, technical support services, as well as an extended warranty. Additional third-party warranty coverage is sold on certain electronic items. 
• Non-Foods (including major appliances, electronics, health and beauty aids, hardware, garden and patio, sporting goods, tires, toys and seasonal, office supplies, automotive care, postage, tickets, apparel, small appliances, furniture, domestics, housewares, special order kiosk, and jewelry)

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
On February 10, 2015, Abbott completed the sale of its animal health business to Zoetis Inc. Abbott received cash proceeds of $230 million and reported an after tax gain on the sale of approximately $130 million. In the first quarter of 2016, Abbott received an additional $25 million of proceeds due to the expiration of a holdback agreement associated with the sale of this business and reported an after-tax gain of $16 million. 
As a result of the disposition of the above businesses, the operating results of these businesses up to the date of sale are reported as part of discontinued operations on the Earnings from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes line in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
On January 1, 2013, Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), which was formed to hold Abbott's research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business. Abbott has retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to AbbVie's business. AbbVie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business.
