ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to CE marking of the device. For other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the CE mark to the product. Outside the U.S. and the EU, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions. 
After approval and commercial launch of some medical devices, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority. 
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company's core mission is to empower its customers to connect with their customers in entirely new ways through cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, voice, advanced analytics and artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies. Salesforce’s Customer 360 is an integrated platform that unites sales, service, marketing, commerce, integration, analytics and more to give companies a single, shared view of their customers. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the result of which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Accounts Receivable —Accounts receivable represent amounts due from customers in the ordinary course of business and are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Receivables are presented net of the allowance for doubtful accounts in the Company’s accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company performs on-going credit evaluations of its customers and adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer’s current credit worthiness, as determined by the review of their current credit information. Collections and payments from customers are continuously monitored. The Company evaluates the collectability of its accounts receivable and determines the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts based on a combination of factors. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts, which is based upon historical experience, future expected losses, as well as specific customer collection issues that have been identified. The Company uses specific criteria to determine uncollectible receivables to be written off, including bankruptcy, accounts referred to outside parties for collection, and accounts past due over specified periods. 
Vendor Consideration and Receivables —The Company participates in various rebate and promotional incentives with its suppliers, primarily through purchase-based programs. Consideration earned is estimated during the year as the Company’s obligations under the programs are fulfilled, which is primarily when products are purchased. Changes in the estimated amount of incentives earned are recognized in the period of change. 
Vendor consideration is typically deducted from invoices or collected in cash within 30 days of being earned. Vendor receivables represent the uncollected balance of vendor consideration. Since collections occur primarily from deducting the consideration from the amounts due to the vendor, the Company does not experience significant collectability issues. The Company evaluates the collectability of its vendor receivables based on specific vendor information and vendor collection history.
