WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Immediately prior to closing, all shares of Series A, Series B, and Series C common stock and Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will be reclassified and converted to one class of the Company's common stock. AT&T’s shareholders that receive WarnerMedia stock in the distribution will receive stock representing 71 % of the combined company and the Company's shareholders will continue to own 29 % of the combined company, in each case on a fully diluted basis. The Boards of Directors of both AT&T and the Company have approved the transaction. 
The transaction is anticipated to close in the second quarter of 2022, subject to approval by the Company's shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals. On December 22, 2021, the transaction received unconditional antitrust clearance from the European Commission (“EC”) pursuant to the EC Merger Regulation, and on December 28, 2021, AT&T received a favorable Private Letter Ruling from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the qualification of the transactions for their intended tax-free treatments. On February 9, 2022, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, statutory waiting period has expired or otherwise been terminated, and any agreement not to consummate the transaction between the parties and the Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice or any other applicable governmental entity, has also expired or otherwise been terminated. Discovery and AT&T are in the process of obtaining other required regulatory approvals. Agreements are in place with Dr. John Malone and Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership to vote in favor of the transaction, representing approximately 43 % of the aggregate voting power of the shares of Discovery voting stock. The transaction requires, among other things, the consent of Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership under the Company's certificate of incorporation as the sole holder of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, which consent was given pursuant to a consent agreement. In connection with Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership’s entry into the consent agreement and related forfeiture of the significant rights attached to the Series A-1 Preferred Stock in the reclassification of the shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock into common stock, it will receive an increase to the number of shares of common stock of the Company into which the Series A-1 Preferred Stock would be converted. Upon the closing, the impact of the issuance of such additional shares of common stock of the Company will be recorded as a transaction expense. No vote by AT&T shareholders is required. 
The merger agreement contains certain customary termination rights for Discovery and AT&T, including, without limitation, a right for either party to terminate if the transaction is not completed on or before July 15, 2023. Termination under specified circumstances will require Discovery to pay AT&T a termination fee of $ 720 million or AT&T to pay Discovery a termination fee of $ 1.8 billion.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We aim to be the global leader in snacking. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and our leveraging our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, and deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
On July 9, 2018, Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. ("Keurig") closed on its definitive merger agreement with Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., and formed Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (NYSE: "KDP"), a publicly traded company. Following the close of the transaction, our 24.2% investment in Keurig together with our shareholder loan receivable became a 13.8% investment in KDP. During the third quarter of 2018, we recorded a preliminary pre-tax gain of $757 million reported as a gain on equity method transaction and $184 million of deferred tax expense reported in the provision for income taxes (or $573 million after-tax gain) related to the change in our ownership interest while KDP finalized the valuation for the transaction. During our fourth quarter of 2018, KDP finalized its opening balance sheet and we increased our pre-tax gain by $21 million (or $13 million after tax) to $778 million (or $586 million after tax) for 2018. We hold two director positions on the KDP board as well as additional governance rights. As we continue to have significant influence, we continue to account for our investment in KDP under the equity method, resulting in recognizing our share of their earnings within our earnings and our share of their dividends within our cash flows. In connection with this transaction, we changed our accounting principle to reflect our share of Keurig's historical and KDP's ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis while we continue to record dividends when cash is received. We determined a lag was preferable as it enables us to continue to report our quarterly and annual results on a timely basis and to record our share of KDP’s ongoing results once KDP has publicly reported its results. This change in accounting principle was applied retrospectively to all periods. While our operating income did not change, equity method investment net earnings, net earnings and earnings per share have been adjusted to reflect the lag across all reported periods. Refer to Note 6, Equity Method Investments , for additional information. 
On December 22, 2017, the United States enacted tax reform legislation ("U.S. tax reform") that included a broad range of business tax provisions, including but not limited to a reduction in the U.S. federal tax rate from 35% to 21% as well as provisions that limit or eliminate various deductions or credits. The legislation also causes U.S. allocated expenses (e.g. interest and general administrative expenses) to be taxed and imposes a new tax on U.S. cross-border payments. Furthermore, the legislation includes a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and profits. While clarifying guidance was issued by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) during 2018, further tax guidance is expected during 2019.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Includes our Belle Rose and Wilprise pipelines located in the coastal regions of Louisiana; two pipelines located near Port Arthur in southeast Texas; our San Jacinto pipeline located in East Texas; our Permian NGL lateral pipelines located in West Texas; Leveret pipeline in West Texas and New Mexico; and a pipeline in Colorado associated with our Meeker facility. Transportation services provided by the Wilprise, Permian NGL and Leveret pipelines are regulated by federal governmental agencies.
We own a 74.7% consolidated interest in the 30-mile Wilprise pipeline through our majority owned subsidiary, Wilprise Pipeline Company, L.L.C. We proportionately consolidate our 50% undivided interest in a 45-mile segment of the Port Arthur pipelines. The remainder of these NGL pipelines are wholly owned.
The maximum number of barrels per day that our NGL pipelines can transport depends on the operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each injection and delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our NGL pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 3,589 MBPD, 3,615 MBPD and 3,461 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
