SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and, in fiscal 2021, our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The impact of realized capital gains and losses on amortization of DAC is dependent upon the relationship between the assets that give rise to the gain or loss and the product liability supported by the assets. Fluctuations result from changes in the impact of realized capital gains and losses on actual and expected gross profits. 
 Our annual comprehensive review of assumptions underlying estimated future gross profits for our interest-sensitive life contracts covers assumptions for mortality, persistency, expenses, investment returns, including capital gains and losses, interest crediting rates to policyholders, and the effect of any hedges. An assessment is made of future projections to ensure the reported DAC balances reflect current expectations. 
investment margin component of estimated gross profits and was due to lower projected future interest rates and investment returns compared to our previous expectations. The acceleration related to benefit margin was due to decreased projected interest rates that result in lower projected policyholder account values which increases benefits on guaranteed products and more refined policy level information and assumptions.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The FCC regulates some of the rates that carriers pay each other for the exchange of voice traffic (particularly traditional wireline traffic) over different networks and other aspects of interconnection for some voice services. The FCC also regulates some of the rates and terms and conditions for certain wireline "business data services" and other services and network facilities. Verizon is both a seller and a buyer of these services, and both makes and receives interconnection payments. The FCC has focused in recent years on whether changes in the rates, terms and conditions for both the exchange of traffic and for business data services may be appropriate. 
Since the time that COVID-19 began to spread throughout the world in 2020, Verizon has been subject to various international, federal, state and local policies, regulations and initiatives aimed at reducing the transmission of the disease and protecting the health and safety of the world’s population. In addition, governments have imposed a wide variety of consumer protection measures that limit how certain businesses, including telecommunications companies, can operate their business and interact with their customers. Because the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain and rapidly changing, the impact of the crisis and the governmental responses to the crisis on our business in 2022 and beyond remains uncertain and difficult to predict. 
We make available, free of charge on our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports at https://www.verizon.com/about/investors as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports and other information are also available on the SEC's website at https://www.sec.gov. We periodically provide other information for investors on our website, including news and announcements regarding our financial performance, information on corporate governance and details related to our annual meeting of shareholders. We encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners and other stakeholders to review the information we post on this channel. Website references in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the websites. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report.
