ALLSTATE CORP report:
Any potential changes in assumptions discussed above are measured without consideration of correlation among assumptions. Therefore, it would be inappropriate to add them together in an attempt to estimate overall variability in amortization . 
Evaluation of goodwill for impairment Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired, less any impairment of goodwill recognized. Goodwill is recognized when acquired and allocated to reporting units based on which unit is expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Our goodwill reporting units are equivalent to our reportable segments: Allstate Protection, Service Businesses, Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits to which goodwill has been assigned. 
Upon acquisition, the purchase price of the acquired business is assumed to be its fair value. Subsequently, we estimate the fair value of our businesses in each goodwill reporting unit, utilizing a combination of widely accepted valuation techniques including a stock price and market capitalization analysis, discounted cash flow (“DCF”) calculations and an estimate of a business’s fair value using market to book multiples derived from peer company analysis. The stock price and market capitalization analysis takes into consideration the quoted market price of our outstanding common stock and includes a control premium, derived from relevant historical acquisition activity, in determining the estimated fair value of the consolidated entity before allocating that fair value to individual reporting units. The DCF analysis utilizes long term assumptions for revenues, investment income, benefits, claims, other operating expenses and income taxes to produce projections of both income and cash flows available for dividends that are present valued using the weighted average cost of capital. Market to book multiples represent the mean market to book multiple for selected peer companies with operations similar to our goodwill reporting units to which the multiple is applied. The outputs from these methods are weighted based on the nature of the business and the relative amount of market observable assumptions supporting the estimates. The computed values are then weighted to reflect the fair value estimate based on the specific attributes of each goodwill reporting unit.

BOEING CO report:
Unbilled receivables (contract assets) arise when the Company recognizes revenue for amounts which cannot yet be billed under terms of the contract with the customer. Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities) arise when the Company receives payments from customers in advance of recognizing revenue. The amount of Unbilled receivables or Advances and progress billings is determined for each contract . 
Lease and financing revenue arrangements are included in Sales of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For sales-type/finance leases, we record an asset at lease inception. This asset is recorded at the aggregate of future minimum lease payments, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and deferred incremental direct costs less unearned income. Income is recognized over the life of the lease to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. Residual values, which are reviewed periodically, represent the estimated amount we expect to receive at lease termination from the disposition of the leased equipment. Actual residual values realized could differ from these estimates. 
For operating leases, revenue on leased aircraft and equipment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Operating lease assets, included in Customer financing, are recorded at cost and depreciated over the period that we project we will hold the asset to an estimated residual value, using the straight-line method. We periodically review our estimates of residual value and recognize forecasted changes by prospectively adjusting depreciation expense.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. 
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.
