ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Crude oil and natural gas production in the Eagle Ford Shale is increasing due to higher rig counts and improved drilling efficiencies. The number of drilling rigs in the Eagle Ford Shale increased to 81 active rigs in December 2018 compared to a low of 29 rigs during the downturn in 2016. According to the EIA Drilling Productivity Report, the most recent data (December 2018) for production in the Eagle Ford Region was 1.4 MMBPD of crude oil and 7.0 Bcf/d of natural gas. 
Production acreage continues to change ownership in the Eagle Ford Shale, with over 1.5 million acres changing hands in 2018 and we expect this trend to continue. We believe that additional rigs will be brought to the basin as a result of the ownership changes, which could result in higher volumes for our midstream network; however, until volumes for the basin exceed historical peak production, there will likely be excess capacity of midstream infrastructure available in the region. The historical peak for Eagle Ford Region crude oil and natural gas production occurred in March 2015 and was 1.7 MMBPD and 7.4 Bcf/d, respectively. We also believe that the Eagle Ford Shale offers producers some of the best returns on capital of any region in the country due to its proximity to major consumption and export markets along the U.S. Gulf Coast and that midstream companies like us, with deep integrated networks, will enjoy the greatest operating leverage as production increases. 
Natural gas production in the Haynesville Shale is also increasing due to higher rig counts and improved drilling efficiencies. The number of drilling rigs in the basin has increased from a low of 11 rigs in 2016 to 52 rigs in December 2018. Like the Eagle Ford Shale, we have seen several significant changes in the ownership of producing properties over the past year, which has contributed to increased drilling activity in the region by the new owners. The historical peak for natural gas production in the Haynesville region occurred in 2011 and was over 10.5 Bcf/d. According to the December 2018 EIA Drilling Productivity Report, Haynesville Region natural gas production was 9.8 Bcf/d.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Nederland Terminal can deliver crude oil and other petroleum products via pipeline, barge and ship. The terminal has three ship docks and three barge berths that are capable of delivering crude oils for international transport. In total, the terminal is capable of delivering over 2 MMBbls/d of crude oil to our crude oil pipelines or a number of third-party 
• Fort Mifflin. The Fort Mifflin terminal complex is located on the Delaware River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and includes the Fort Mifflin terminal, the Hog Island wharf, the Darby Creek tank farm and connecting pipelines. The Fort Mifflin terminal contains two ship docks with freshwater drafts and a total storage capacity of approximately 570 MBbls. Crude oil and some refined products enter the Fort Mifflin terminal primarily from marine vessels on the Delaware River. 
The Hog Island wharf is located next to the Fort Mifflin terminal on the Delaware River and receives crude oil via two ship docks. The Darby Creek tank farm is a primary crude oil storage terminal that receives crude oil from the Fort Mifflin terminal and Hog Island wharf via our pipelines and has a total storage capacity of approximately 2.7 MMBbls.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if it required assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate or different estimates could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
The development and selection of these critical accounting estimates have been determined by management and the related disclosures have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. We believe the following accounting policies are critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations and involve the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
We are subject to income taxes in numerous U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. From time to time, we engage in transactions or take filing positions in which the tax consequences may be uncertain and may recognize tax liabilities based on estimates of whether additional taxes and interest will be due. We establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless we determine that such positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on their technical merits, including the resolution of any appeals or litigation processes. We include interest and where appropriate, potential penalties, as a component of income tax expense on the consolidated statement of operations. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events including the status and results of income tax audits with the relevant tax authorities. Significant judgment is exercised in evaluating all relevant information, the technical merits of the tax positions, and the accurate measurement of uncertain tax positions when determining the amount of reserve and whether positions taken on our tax returns are more likely than not to be sustained. This also involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the potential outcome of positions taken on tax returns that may be reviewed by tax authorities. At December 31, 2021, the reserve for uncertain tax positions was $420 million, and it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to certain of our uncertain tax positions could decrease by as much as $125 million within the next twelve months as a result of ongoing audits, foreign judicial proceedings, lapses of statutes of limitations or regulatory developments.
