ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The value we assign to customer relationships is amortized to earnings using methods that closely resemble the pattern in which the estimated economic benefits will be consumed (i.e., the manner in which the intangible asset is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows). For example, the amortization period for a basin-specific customer relationship asset is limited by the estimated finite economic life of the associated hydrocarbon resource basin.
Contract-based intangible assets represent specific commercial rights we own arising from discrete contractual agreements. A contract-based intangible asset with a finite life is amortized over its estimated economic life, which is the period over which the contract is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows. Our estimates of the economic life of contract-based intangible assets are based on a number of factors, including (i) the expected useful life of the related tangible assets (e.g., a marine terminal, pipeline or other asset), (ii) any legal or regulatory developments that would impact such contractual rights and (iii) any contractual provisions that enable us to renew or extend such arrangements.
If our assumptions regarding the estimated economic life of an intangible asset were to change, then the amortization period for such asset would be adjusted accordingly. Changes in the estimated useful life of an intangible asset would impact operating costs and expenses prospectively from the date of change. If we determine that an intangible asset’s carrying value is not recoverable through its future cash flows, we would be required to reduce the asset’s carrying value to its estimated fair value through the recording of a non-cash impairment charge. Any such write-down of the value of an intangible asset would increase operating costs and expenses at that time.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Generally, distributions made in shares of Series A common stock, Series B common stock or Series C common stock will be made proportionally to all common stockholders. In the event of a reclassification, subdivision or combination of any series of common stock, the shares of the other series of common stock will be equally reclassified, subdivided or combined. 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of Discovery, after payment of Discovery’s debts and liabilities and subject to preferential rights of outstanding preferred stock, holders of Series A common stock, Series B common stock and Series C common stock and holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will share equally in any assets available for distribution to holders of common stock. 
The Company has two series of preferred stock authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020: Series A-1 convertible preferred stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. Series A-1 convertible preferred stock is convertible into nine shares of the Company's Series A common stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is convertible into 19.3648 shares of the Company's Series C common stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. Shares of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock may be independently converted into Series A common stock and Series C common, respectively.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
“Adjusted Operating Income” is defined as operating income excluding the impacts of the Simplify to Grow Program (4) ; gains or losses (including non-cash impairment charges) on goodwill and intangible assets; divestiture (2) or acquisition gains or losses and related divestiture (2) , acquisition and integration costs (2) ; the operating results of divestitures (2) ; remeasurement of net monetary position (5) ; mark-to-market impacts from commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivative contracts (6) ; impact from resolution of tax matters (7) ; CEO transition remuneration (8) ; impact from pension participation changes (9) ; Swiss tax reform impacts (10) ; and incremental expenses related to the 2017 malware incident. We also present “Adjusted Operating Income margin,” which is subject to the same adjustments as Adjusted Operating Income. We also evaluate growth in our Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis (3) . 
“Adjusted EPS” is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations excluding the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income definition as well as losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; gain on equity method investment transactions; net earnings from divestitures (2) ; gains or losses on interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges due to changed financing and hedging plans and U.S. and Swiss tax reform impacts (10) . Similarly, within Adjusted EPS, our equity method investment net earnings exclude our proportionate share of our investees’ unusual or infrequent items (11) . We also evaluate growth in our Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis (3) . 
When items no longer impact our current or future presentation of non-GAAP operating results, we remove these items from our non-GAAP definitions. During 2019, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of the impact from Swiss tax reform as described in footnote (10) below. During 2018, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of: remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in Argentina (see footnote (5) below) and the impact from pension participation changes (see footnote (9) below).
