ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
(2) These amounts represent our proportionate share of the Adjusted EBITDA of our unconsolidated affiliates and are based on our equity in earnings or losses of our unconsolidated affiliates adjusted for our proportionate share of the unconsolidated affiliates’ interest, depreciation, depletion, amortization, non-cash items and taxes. 
Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our intrastate transportation and storage segment decreased due to the net impacts of the following: 
• a decrease of $13 million in operating expenses primarily due to a $5 million decrease in outside services, a $4 million decrease in employee costs, a $3 million decrease in maintenance project costs and a $2 million decrease in ad valorem taxes; and

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our ethylene system serves as an open market storage and trading hub for the ethylene industry by incorporating storage capacity, connections to multiple ethylene pipelines, and high-volume export capabilities. In support of our ethylene business, our Mont Belvieu storage operations include a high-capacity underground ethylene storage well having a storage capacity of 600 million pounds of ethylene. The storage well is connected to our Morgan’s Point ethylene export terminal and further to Bayport, Texas by a 27-mile pipeline.
In May 2019, we announced plans to further expand our ethylene pipeline and logistics system by constructing the Baymark ethylene pipeline in South Texas, which is a leading growth area for new ethylene crackers and related facilities. The Baymark pipeline will originate in Bayport and extend approximately 90 miles to Markham, Texas. The Baymark pipeline is supported by long-term customer commitments and is expected to begin service in mid-2021. We own a 70% consolidated interest in the Baymark pipeline through our majority owned subsidiary, Baymark Pipeline LLC. Customers using the Baymark pipeline will have pipeline access to our high-capacity ethylene storage well in Mont Belvieu and our export terminal at Morgan’s Point.
Our marine transportation business consists of 65 tow boats and 160 tank barges used to transport refined products, crude oil, asphalt, condensate, heavy fuel oil, LPG and other petroleum products on key U.S. inland and intracoastal waterway systems. The marine transportation industry uses tow boats as power sources and tank barges for freight capacity. Our marine transportation assets serve refinery and storage terminal customers along the Mississippi River, the intracoastal waterway between Texas and Florida, and the Tennessee-Tombigbee waterway system. We own and operate shipyard and repair facilities located in Houma and Morgan City, Louisiana and marine fleeting facilities located in Bourg, Louisiana and Channelview, Texas.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. Operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets are included in "Other noncurrent assets" and operating lease liabilities are included in “Accrued liabilities” and “Other noncurrent liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease ROU assets are included in "Property and equipment, net" and finance lease liabilities are included in “Accrued liabilities” and “Other noncurrent liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheets. 
A rate implicit in the lease when readily determinable is used in arriving at the present value of lease payments. As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on information available at lease commencement date for most of its leases. The incremental borrowing rate is based on the Company's U.S. dollar denominated senior unsecured borrowing curves using public credit ratings adjusted down to a collateralized basis using a combination of recovery rate and credit notching approaches and translated into major contract currencies as applicable. 
The Company's lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise that option. The Company does not separate lease components from non-lease components across all lease categories. Instead, each separate lease component and non-lease component are accounted for as a single lease component. In addition, variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate are included in measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities at lease inception. All other variable lease payments are expensed as incurred and are not included in measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis. For finance leases, the Company recognizes interest expense on lease liabilities using the effective interest method and amortization of ROU assets on a straight-line basis.
