COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The following table shows the amounts used in computing net income per share and the weighted average number of shares of basic and of potentially dilutive common shares outstanding (shares in 000’s):   
The Company is involved in a number of claims, proceedings and litigations arising from its business and property ownership. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company establishes an accrual for legal proceedings if and when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. There may be exposure to loss in excess of amounts accrued. The Company monitors those matters for developments that would affect the likelihood of a loss (taking into account where applicable indemnification arrangements concerning suppliers and insurers) and the accrued amount, if any, thereof, and adjusts the amount as appropriate. The Company has recorded immaterial accruals with respect to certain matters described below, in addition to other immaterial accruals for matters not described below. If the loss contingency at issue is not both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company does not establish an accrual, but will continue to monitor the matter for developments that will make the loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. In each case, there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred, including a loss in excess of the applicable accrual. For matters where no accrual has been recorded, the possible loss or range of loss (including any loss in excess of the accrual) cannot, in the Company's view, be reasonably estimated because, among other things: (i) the remedies or penalties sought are indeterminate or unspecified; (ii) the legal and/or factual theories are not well developed; and/or (iii) the matters involve complex or novel legal theories or a large number of parties. 
The Company is a defendant in an action commenced in July 2013 under the California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA) alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 for failing to provide seating to employees who work at entrance and exit doors in California warehouses. Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2013-1-CV-248813; Santa Clara Superior Court). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. A bench trial was held in June and July; no decision has been issued.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for CloudCraze was approximately $190 million , which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $58 million  for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one  to seven  years. The Company recorded approximately $134 million  of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating CloudCraze's technology with the Company's other offerings. The goodwill balance is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair value of current and noncurrent income taxes payable and deferred taxes, may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
During fiscal 2018, the Company acquired two  companies for an aggregate of $38 million  in cash and equity, net of cash acquired, and has included the financial results of these companies in its consolidated financial statements from the dates of acquisition. The transactions were not material to the Company and the costs associated with the acquisitions were not material. The Company accounted for the transactions as business combinations. In allocating the purchase consideration based on estimated fair values, the Company recorded $3 million  of intangible assets and $35 million  of goodwill. The majority of the goodwill balance associated with these business combinations is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
During fiscal 2017, the Company acquired 13  companies, including the acquisition of Demandware, for an aggregate of $4.4 billion  in cash and equity, net of cash acquired, and has included the financial results of these companies in its consolidated financial statements from the dates of acquisition. The costs associated with the acquisitions were not material. The Company accounted for the transactions as business combinations. In allocating the purchase consideration based on

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
These products include a broad line of diagnostic systems and tests manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories, clinics, physicians’ offices, government agencies, alternate care testing sites, and plasma protein therapeutic companies from Abbott owned distribution centers, public warehouses or third party distributors.
The Diagnostic Products segment’s products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
These products include a broad line of pediatric and adult nutritional products manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to consumers and to institutions, wholesalers, retailers, health care facilities, government agencies, and third-party distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers or third-party distributors.
