ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our primary competitors in the NGL and related product storage business are major integrated oil companies, chemical companies and other storage and pipeline companies. We compete with other storage service providers primarily in terms of the fees charged, number of pipeline connections provided and operational dependability. Our export terminal operations compete with those operated by major oil and gas and chemical companies and other midstream service providers primarily in terms of loading and offloading throughput capacity and access to related pipeline and storage infrastructure.
We compete with a number of NGL fractionators in Kansas, Louisiana, New Mexico and Texas. Competition for such services is primarily based on the fractionation fee charged. However, the ability of an NGL fractionator to receive a customer’s mixed NGLs and store and distribute the resulting purity NGL products is also an important competitive factor and is a function of having the necessary pipeline and storage infrastructure.
Within their respective market areas, our crude oil pipelines, storage and marine terminals and related marketing activities compete with other crude oil pipeline companies, rail carriers, major integrated oil companies and their marketing affiliates, financial institutions with commodity trading platforms and independent crude oil gathering and marketing companies. The crude oil business can be characterized by intense competition for supplies of crude oil at the wellhead. Competition is based primarily on quality of customer service, competitive pricing and proximity to customers and market hubs.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to OWN’s business, whereby the excess of the fair value of the business over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The goodwill reflects the workforce and synergies expected from broader exposure to the self-discovery and self-improvement entertainment sector. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition is included in the U.S. Networks reportable segment and is not amortizable for tax purposes. Intangible assets consist of advertiser backlog, advertiser relationships and affiliate relationships with a weighted average estimated useful life of 9  years. 
The Company used DCF analyses, which represent Level 3 fair value measurements, to assess certain components of its purchase price allocation. The fair value of intangibles was determined using an income approach based on the excess earnings method. For the fair value estimates, the Company used: (i) projected discounted cash flows, (ii) historical and projected financial information, (iii) synergies including cost savings and (iv) attrition rates, as relevant, that market participants would consider when estimating fair values. The Company reflected measurement period adjustments, in the period in which the adjustment occurred. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, measurement period adjustments, as well as a reconciliation to cash consideration transferred is presented in the table below (in millions). 
Harpo has the right to require the Company to purchase its remaining noncontrolling interest at fair value during 90-day  windows beginning on  July 1, 2018  and every  two and a half  years thereafter through January 1, 2026. Harpo exercised the first of such remaining put rights on August 20, 2018. On November 6, 2018, the Company and Harpo entered into an amendment to the limited liability company agreement whereby Harpo agreed to withdraw its August 20, 2018 put notice and upon any succeeding redemption the put payment value will equal the fair value of Harpo's equity interest in OWN plus an incremental 9.337%  per annum for the 2.5  year period between the July 1, 2018 put right date and the January 1, 2021 put right date. As Harpo’s put right is outside the Company's control, Harpo’s noncontrolling interest is presented as redeemable noncontrolling interest outside of permanent equity on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. (See Note 11.)

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We expect price volatility and a higher aggregate cost environment to continue in 2021. While the costs of our principal raw materials fluctuate, we believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available from numerous sources. 
As discussed in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies , we enter into third-party guarantees primarily to cover the long-term obligations of our vendors. As part of these transactions, we guarantee that third parties will make contractual payments or achieve performance measures. At December 31, 2020, we had no material third-party guarantees recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. 
(1) Amounts include the expected cash payments of our long-term debt, including the current portion and excluding finance leases, which are presented separately in the table above. The amounts also exclude $94 million of net unamortized non-cash bond premiums, discounts, bank fees and mark-to-market adjustments related to our interest rate swaps recorded in total debt.
