ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
(1) For the year ended December 31, 2020, equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates includes the impact of non-cash impairments recorded by FEP, which reduced the Partnership’s equity in earnings by $208 million. 
(2) These amounts represent our proportionate share of the Adjusted EBITDA of our unconsolidated affiliates and are based on our equity in earnings or losses of our unconsolidated affiliates adjusted for our proportionate share of the unconsolidated affiliates’ interest, depreciation, depletion, amortization, non-cash items and taxes. 
We evaluate segment performance based on Segment Adjusted EBITDA, which we believe is an important performance measure of the core profitability of our operations. This measure represents the basis of our internal financial reporting and is one of the performance measures used by senior management in deciding how to allocate capital resources among business segments.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Total gross operating margin includes equity in the earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, but is exclusive of other income and expense transactions, income taxes, the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles and extraordinary charges. Total gross operating margin is presented on a 100% basis before any allocation of earnings to noncontrolling interests. Our calculation of gross operating margin may or may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Segment gross operating margin for NGL Pipelines & Services and Crude Oil Pipelines & Services reflect adjustments for shipper make-up rights that are included in management’s evaluation of segment results. However, these adjustments are excluded from non-GAAP total gross operating margin. 
The GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to total gross operating margin is operating income. For a discussion of operating income and its components, see the previous section titled “Consolidated Income Statement Highlights” within this Part II, Item 7. The following table presents a reconciliation of operating income to total gross operating margin for the years indicated (dollars in millions): 
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of gross operating margin for the partnership. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Additional information regarding the changes in our outstanding indebtedness and the significant terms and provisions of our revolving credit facility and outstanding indebtedness is discussed in Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
The above table does not include certain long-term obligations as the timing or the amount of the payments cannot be predicted. The current portion of the liability for cash-settled share-based compensation awards was $37 million as of December 31, 2020. Additionally, reserves for unrecognized tax benefits have been excluded from the above table because we are unable to predict reasonably the ultimate amount or timing of settlement. Our unrecognized tax benefits totaled $348 million as of December 31, 2020. 
The above table also does not include DCL's revolving credit facility that allows DCL and certain designated foreign subsidiaries of DCL to borrow up to $2.5 billion, including a $100 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $50 million sublimit for Euro-denominated swing line loans. Borrowing capacity under this agreement is reduced by the outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program. As of December 31, 2020, the revolving credit facility agreement provided for a maturity date of August 2022 and the option for up to two additional 364-day renewal periods.
