MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We have operating and finance leases for manufacturing and distribution facilities, vehicles, equipment and office space. Our leases have remaining lease terms of 1 to 10 years , some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 6 years . We assume the majority of our termination options will not be exercised when determining the lease term of our leases. We do not include significant restrictions or covenants in our lease agreements, and residual value guarantees are generally not included within our operating leases, with the exception of some fleet leases. Some of our leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on usage or output or may vary for other reasons, such as product costs, insurance and tax payments. These variable payment leases are not included in our recorded lease assets and liabilities and are expensed as incurred. Certain leases are tied to a variable index or rate and are included in our lease assets and liabilities based on the indices or rates as of lease commencement. 
Non-amortizable intangible assets consist principally of brand names purchased through our acquisitions of Nabisco Holdings Corp., the Spanish and Portuguese operations of United Biscuits, the global LU biscuit business of Groupe Danone S.A. and Cadbury Limited. Amortizable intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks, customer-related intangibles, process technology, licenses and non-compete agreements. 
Amortization expense for intangible assets was $ 174 million in 2019 , $ 176 million in 2018 and $ 178 million in 2017 . For the next five years, we estimate annual amortization expense of approximately $ 175 million next year, approximately $ 90 million in year two and approximately $ 85 million in years three to five, reflecting December 31, 2019 exchange rates.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. For further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in Note 1  to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 
The Company is predominantly self-insured for employee health-care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. Insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. We use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims over time. While we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. Historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. 
The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Significant judgment also is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions. The benefits associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. When facts and circumstances change, we reassess these positions and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate. The 2017 Tax Act includes various provisions that significantly altered U.S. tax law, many of which impact our business (see Note 8  to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion).

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
Established Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition, Abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Duphalac™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.
