COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
As of August 30, 2020, the initial accounting for the acquisition was incomplete, pending determination of the final purchase price, working capital adjustments, the fair value of operating lease right-of-use assets, operating lease liabilities, and other assumed obligations. The net purchase price of $ 998 was allocated to tangible and intangible assets of $ 283 and liabilities assumed of $ 219 , based on their preliminary fair values on the acquisition date. The remaining unallocated net purchase price of $ 934 was recorded as goodwill. Goodwill represents the acquisition's benefits to the Company, which include the ability to serve more members and improve delivery times, enabling growth in certain segments of our U.S. e-commerce operations. The Company assigned this goodwill, which is deductible for tax purposes, to reporting units within the U.S. segment. The changes to the purchase price allocation originally recorded in the third quarter of 2020 were not material. As additional information becomes available, the provisional fair value estimates will be refined. 
Gross unrecognized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities were not material for the years ended August 30, 2020, and September 1, 2019. At the end of 2020, there were no available-for-sale securities in a continuous unrealized-loss position. At the end of 2019, available-for-sale securities that were in a continuous unrealized-loss position were not material. There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during 2020 or 2019. 
The table below presents information regarding the Company’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicate the level within the hierarchy reflecting the valuation techniques utilized to determine such fair value.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We determine the fair value of each reporting unit using accepted valuation techniques, primarily through the use of discounted cash flows (i.e., an income approach to fair value) supplemented by market-based assessments, if available. The estimated fair values of our reporting units incorporate assumptions regarding the future economic prospects of the assets and operations that comprise each reporting unit including: (i) discrete financial forecasts for the assets comprising the reporting unit, which, in turn, rely on management’s estimates of long-term operating margins, throughput volumes, capital investments and similar factors; (ii) long-term growth rates for the reporting unit’s cash flows beyond the discrete forecast period; and (iii) appropriate discount rates. The fair value estimates are based on Level 3 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. We believe that the assumptions we use in estimating reporting unit fair values are consistent with those that market participants would use in their fair value estimation process. However, due to uncertainties in the estimation process and volatility in the supply and demand for hydrocarbons and similar risk factors, actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.
We did not record any goodwill impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2021. Based on our most recent goodwill impairment test at December 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units was substantially in excess of its carrying value (i.e., by at least 10%).
As noted previously, preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates that affect amounts presented in the financial statements. Due to the time required to compile actual billing information and receive third party data needed to record transactions, we routinely employ estimates in connection with revenue and expense amounts in order to meet our accelerated financial reporting deadlines.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
USE OF ESTIMATES — The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates, income taxes, pension and other post-employment benefits, valuation of intangible assets, litigation, derivative financial instruments, and inventory and accounts receivable exposures. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION — The statements of earnings of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustment account, which is included in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
REVENUE RECOGNITION — Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms set forth in the customer contract. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for shipments in excess of a customer’s normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary. In certain of Abbott’s businesses, primarily within diagnostics, Abbott participates in selling arrangements that include multiple performance obligations (e.g., instruments, reagents, procedures, and service agreements). The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.
