WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents a summary of scheduled debt and estimated interest payments, excluding the revolving credit facility and commercial paper borrowings, for the next five years based on the amount of the Company's debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 (in millions).  
The Company has operating and finance leases for transponders, office space, studio facilities, and other equipment. The Company’s leases were reflected in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as follows (in millions). 
The Company’s leases have remaining lease terms of up to 30 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 10 years. Most leases are not cancellable prior to their expiration. In conjunction with the Merger, the Company acquired $ 2,493 million and $ 47 million of operating and finance lease right-of-use assets, respectively.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our foreign subsidiaries conduct certain transactions in non-functional currencies, which exposes us to fluctuations in exchange rates. We manage these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of these fluctuations on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts are intended primarily to economically hedge exposure to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by our international subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. We seek to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and do not intend to engage in speculative transactions. For additional information related to the Company's forward foreign-exchange contracts, see Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. A hypothetical 10% strengthening of the functional currency compared to the non-functional currency exchange rates at August 29, 2021, would have decreased the fair value of the contracts by $149 and resulted in an unrealized loss in the consolidated statements of income for the same amount. 
We are exposed to fluctuations in prices for energy, particularly electricity and natural gas, and other commodities used in retail and manufacturing operations, which we seek to partially mitigate through fixed-price contracts for certain of our warehouses and other facilities, predominantly in the U.S. and Canada. We also enter into variable-priced contracts for some purchases of electricity and natural gas, in addition to some of the fuel for our gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet the characteristics of derivative instruments, but generally qualify for the “normal purchases and normal sales” exception under authoritative guidance and require no mark-to-market adjustment. 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Costco Wholesale Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of August 29, 2021 and August 30, 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for the 52-week periods ended August 29, 2021, August 30, 2020 and September 1, 2019, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 29, 2021 and August 30, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the 52-week periods ended August 29, 2021, August 30, 2020 and September 1, 2019, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The OSHA hazard communication standard, the community right-to-know regulations under Title III of the federal Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act, and comparable state statutes require us to organize and disclose information about the hazardous materials used in our operations. Certain parts of this information must be reported to federal, state and local governmental authorities and local citizens upon request. These laws and provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) require us to report spills and releases of hazardous chemicals in certain situations.
We are subject to extensive regulation by the DOT as authorized under various provisions of Title 49 of the United States Code and comparable state statutes relating to the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of our pipeline facilities. These statutes require companies that own or operate pipelines to (i) comply with such regulations, (ii) permit access to and copying of pertinent records, (iii) file certain reports and (iv) provide information as required by the U.S. Secretary of Transportation. The DOT regulates natural gas and hazardous liquids pipelines through its Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (“PHMSA”). We believe we are in material compliance with DOT regulations.
We are also subject to DOT pipeline integrity management regulations that specify how companies should assess, evaluate, validate and maintain the integrity of pipeline segments that, in the event of a release, could impact High Consequence Areas (“HCAs”). HCAs include populated areas, unusually sensitive areas and commercially navigable waterways. These regulations require the development and implementation of an integrity management program that utilizes internal pipeline inspection techniques, pressure testing or other equally effective means to assess the integrity of pipeline segments in HCAs. These regulations also require periodic review of pipeline segments in HCAs to ensure that adequate preventive and mitigative measures exist and that companies take prompt action to address integrity issues raised in the assessment and analysis process. We have identified our pipeline segments in HCAs and developed an appropriate integrity management program for such assets.
