ALLSTATE CORP report:
Estimating the fair value of reporting units is a subjective process that involves the use of significant estimates by management. Changes in market inputs or other events impacting the fair value of these businesses, including discount rates, operating results, investment returns, strategies and growth rate assumptions or increases in the level of equity required to support these businesses, could  result in goodwill impairments, resulting in a charge to income. Most of our goodwill reporting units are comprised of a combination of legacy and acquired businesses and as a result have substantial internally generated and unrecognized intangibles and fair values that significantly exceed their carrying values. Our Service Businesses goodwill reporting unit is more heavily comprised of newly acquired businesses and as 
a result does not have a significant excess of fair value over its carrying value. Therefore, this reporting unit may be more susceptible to goodwill impairment based on changes to growth or margin assumptions. 
The most significant assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair value of the Service Businesses reporting unit are the earnings growth rate and discount rate. The growth rate utilized in our fair value estimates is consistent with our plans to grow these businesses rapidly over the near-term with more moderated growth rates in later years.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Most of our service offerings operate on a single customer success platform and are deployed in an identical way even though we have offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing markets, including as a result of our acquisitions. Our core offerings are suited to meet the needs of our customers in certain industries, such as solutions for financial services, healthcare and government. Additionally, our core offerings enable companies to quickly create and manage trusted, branded digital destinations for customers, partners and employees, collectively referred to as community management. This allows companies to engage and collaborate directly with groups of people by giving them access to relevant information, apps and experts. 
Additionally, through Salesforce Customer 360, our new cross-cloud technology initiative that enhances the integration of our Marketing, Commerce, and Service clouds, we will enable companies to connect their customer data across the various offerings and deliver a unified customer experience. Customer 360 is designed to help companies move beyond an app- or department-specific view of each customer by making it easier to create a single, holistic customer profile to inform every interaction. 
Ease of integration and configuration with application programming interfaces that enable customers to integrate our solutions with existing third-party, custom and legacy apps, as well as write their own application services that integrate with our solutions.

BOEING CO report:
• We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s method used in developing the delivery schedule assumptions, including the impact of production quality issues and supply chain disruption. 
• We inquired of management, including individuals responsible for sales and pricing, to evaluate the status of current contracts with customers and estimated consideration to be provided to customers. 
• We evaluated the consistency of management’s methods and the appropriateness of significant assumptions used in developing its estimates related to forecasted revenue for aircraft which have or are expected to have delivery delays.
