ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
For two of our NGA-jurisdictional natural gas companies, ETC Tiger and FEP, the large majority of capacity in those pipelines is subscribed for lengthy terms under FERC-approved negotiated rates. However, as indicated above, cost-based recourse rates are also offered under their respective tariffs. 
Pursuant to the FERC’s rules promulgated under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, it is unlawful for any entity, directly or indirectly, in connection with the purchase or sale of electric energy or natural gas or the purchase or sale of transmission or transportation services subject to FERC jurisdiction: (i) to defraud using any device, scheme or artifice; (ii) to make any untrue statement of material fact or omit a material fact; or (iii) to engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) also holds authority to monitor certain segments of the physical and futures energy commodities market pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA”). With regard to our physical purchases and sales of natural gas, NGLs or other energy commodities; our transportation of these energy commodities; and any related hedging activities that we undertake, we are required to observe these anti-market manipulation laws and related regulations enforced by the FERC and/or the CFTC. These agencies hold substantial enforcement authority, including the ability to assess or seek civil penalties of up to $1.3 million per day per violation, to order disgorgement 
of profits and to recommend criminal penalties. Should we violate the anti-market manipulation laws and regulations, we could also be subject to related third-party damage claims by, among others, sellers, royalty owners and taxing authorities.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Cable operators, DTH satellite operators and telecommunications service providers typically pay royalties via a per-subscriber fee for the right to distribute the Company’s programming under the terms of distribution contracts. The majority of the Company’s distribution fees are collected monthly throughout the year and distribution revenue is recognized over the term of the contracts based on contracted programming rates and reported subscriber levels. The amount of distribution fees due to the Company is reported by distributors based on actual subscriber levels. Such information is generally not received until after the close of the reporting period. In these cases, the Company estimates the number of subscribers receiving the Company’s programming to estimate royalty revenue. Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material. Distribution revenue from fixed-fee contracts is recognized over the contract term based on the continuous delivery of the content to the affiliate. Any monetary incentives provided to distributors are recognized as a reduction of revenue over the service term. 
Although the delivery of linear feeds and digital DTC products, such as video-on-demand (“VOD”) and authenticated TVE applications, are considered distinct performance obligations within a distribution arrangement, on demand offerings generally match the programs that are airing on the linear network. Therefore, the Company recognizes revenue for licensing arrangements as the license fee is earned and based on continuous delivery for fixed fee contracts. 
License fees from the sublicensing of sports rights are recognized when the rights become available for airing. Revenue from the production studios segment is recognized when the content is delivered and available for airing by the customer. Royalties from brand licensing arrangements are earned as products are sold by the licensee. Affiliate and ad sales representation services are recognized as services are provided.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The Governance, Membership and Public Affairs Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our sustainable snacking and mindful snacking strategies. Our goals are part of our strategic planning process, and therefore, progress and key activities are regularly reported to the Board of Directors and the business leadership teams. Climate change, CO 2 emissions, energy, well-being and other sustainability matters are key focus areas in our strategy. 
We have a robust Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and managing risks, with oversight by the Risk and Compliance Committee ("MRCC"), which reports annually to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The purpose of the MRCC is to oversee how we identify and assess the most significant inherent risks to our business so we may adequately mitigate them or monitor them across the Company. All identified risks are vetted by the MRCC and remain under the MRCC’s governance. Ownership of specific risks is assigned at the Mondelēz Leadership Team ("MLT") level (MLT members report directly to the CEO). As owners of each specific risk, MLT members are responsible for verifying that appropriate mitigation controls and monitoring systems are in place. The risk universe considered during this process is wide and varied. Climate change is included in this risk universe as well as other sustainability and well-being issues. 
Our ERM methodology is governed by the MRCC and includes annual reviews with our four operating regions, considering Company-level risks by using information gathered at the asset level (regions, countries, individual facilities and separate business units). The following key risk drivers for climate change, sustainability and well-being risks are captured in the ERM framework: a sustainability mindset within the organization and suppliers, governance and monitoring of the sustainability agenda, monitoring climate change impact, assessing reputation and brand image, the well-being portfolio and marketing strategy, changes in regulations and changes in consumer preferences.
