ALLSTATE CORP report:
In any reporting period, loss experience from catastrophic events and weather-related losses may contribute to negative or positive underwriting performance relative to the expectations incorporated into product pricing. 
Property catastrophe exposure is managed with the goal of providing shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in the property business and to reduce the variability of earnings. Our property business includes personal homeowners, commercial property and other property insurance lines. Our current catastrophe reinsurance program supports our risk tolerance framework that targets less than a 1% likelihood of annual aggregate catastrophe losses from hurricanes and earthquakes, net of reinsurance, exceeding $2 billion . The use of different assumptions and updates to industry models, and updates to our risk transfer program could materially change the projected loss. Growth strategies include areas where we believe diversification can be enhanced and an appropriate return can be earned for the risk. As a result, our modeled exposure may increase, but in aggregate remain lower than $2 billion  as noted above. In addition, we have exposure to other severe weather events and wildfires, which impact catastrophe losses. 
Property catastrophe exposure management includes purchasing reinsurance to provide coverage for known exposure to hurricanes, earthquakes, wildfires, fires following earthquakes and other catastrophes. We are also working to promote measures to prevent and mitigate losses and make homes and communities more resilient, including enactment of stronger building codes and effective enforcement of those codes, adoption of sensible land use policies, and development of effective and affordable methods of improving the resilience of existing structures.

BOEING CO report:
At BGS, we are seeing a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights and more aircraft retirements result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings. Additionally, our commercial customers are curtailing discretionary spending, such as modifications and upgrades and focusing on required maintenance. Similar to BCA, we expect a multi-year recovery period for the commercial services business. The demand outlook for our government services business, which in 2019 accounted for just under half of BGS revenue, remains stable. 
At BDS, we continue to see a healthy market with solid demand for our major platforms and programs both domestically and internationally. However, we experienced near-term production impacts associated with our temporary suspension of operations at various locations in 2020 . 
In March and April of 2020, as a result of COVID-19, we temporarily suspended operations at multiple locations including the Puget Sound area, South Carolina and Philadelphia. Operations in Puget Sound and Philadelphia resumed during the week of April 20, while operations in South Carolina resumed beginning on May 3. We have implemented procedures to promote employee safety in our facilities, including more frequent and enhanced cleaning and adjusted schedules and work flows to support physical distancing. These actions have resulted, and will continue to result, in increased operating costs. In addition, a number of our suppliers have suspended or otherwise reduced their operations, and we are experiencing some supply chain shortages. Our suppliers are also experiencing liquidity pressures and disruptions to their operations as a result of COVID-19. We also continue to have large numbers of employees working from home. These measures and disruptions have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in 2020. We expect further adverse impacts in future quarters.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company operates on a 52/53-week fiscal year basis with the year ending on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2023 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2023. References to 2022 and 2021 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 28, 2022, and August 29, 2021. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions take into account historical and forward-looking factors that the Company believes are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
The Company considers as cash and cash equivalents all cash on deposit, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, and proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of up to four days. Credit and debit card receivables were $ 2,282 and $ 2,010 at the end of 2023 and 2022.
