MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• 2020 taxes for the: Simplify to Grow Program were $(81) million, intangible asset impairment charges were $(33) million, mark-to-market gains from derivatives were $8 million, acquisition-related costs were zero, net earnings from divestitures were $26 million, costs associated with the JDE Peet's transaction were $250 million, loss on remeasurement of net monetary position were zero, impact from pension participation changes were $(2) million, impact from resolution of tax matters were $16 million, loss related to interest rate swaps were $(24) million, loss on debt extinguishment were $(46) million, initial impacts from enacted tax law changes were $36 million, gains on equity method investment transactions were $202 million and equity method investee items were $(4) million. 
(6) Includes our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring program costs. 
As we operate globally, we are primarily exposed to currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate market risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program. Our risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
ID is a leading mystery and suspense network. From harrowing crimes and salacious scandals to the in-depth investigation and heart-breaking mysteries behind these "real people, real stories," ID challenges our everyday understanding of culture, society and the human condition. 
MotorTrend had approximately 73 million subscribers in the U.S. and 1 million subscribers through a licensing arrangement with partners in Canada included in the U.S. Networks segment as of December 31, 2019 . MotorTrend had approximately 131 million subscribers and viewers in international markets, where the brand is known as Turbo, as of December 31, 2019 . 
MotorTrend programming is engaging and informative, featuring the very best of the automotive world as told by top experts and personalities. In addition to series and specials exemplifying the very best of the automotive genre, the network broadcasts approximately 100 hours of live event coverage every year.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We proportionately consolidate a 66.7% undivided interest in three of the propylene splitters, which have an aggregate 38 MBPD of total plant capacity. The remaining three propylene fractionation units are wholly owned.
We produce PGP at our Chambers County facilities and CGP at our BRPC facility. On a weighted-average basis, the overall utilization rate of our propylene production facilities was approximately 90.0%, 88.7% and 79.4% during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Global demand for propylene is increasing; however, the use of lighter crude oil feedstocks by U.S. refiners and increased use of ethane by steam crackers has reduced propylene production from these traditional sources. This has led to the development of more “on purpose” propylene production facilities such as our PDH 1 facility located in Chambers County, Texas. This facility has the capacity to produce up to 1.65 billion pounds per year, or approximately 25 MBPD, of PGP. At this nameplate production rate, the facility upgrades approximately 35 MBPD of propane as feedstock. The PDH 1 facility is integrated with our legacy Chambers County propylene fractionation units, which provides us with operational reliability and flexibility for both the PDH facility and the fractionation units. The construction of PDH 1 was underwritten by long-term, fee-based contracts that feature minimum volume commitments.
