ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In the normal course of our business operations, we are exposed to certain risks, including changes in interest rates and commodity prices. In order to manage risks associated with assets, liabilities and certain anticipated future transactions, we use derivative instruments such as futures, forward contracts, swaps and other instruments with similar characteristics. Substantially all of our derivatives are used for non-trading activities.
We assess the risk associated with each of our derivative instrument portfolios using a sensitivity analysis model. This approach measures the change in fair value of the derivative instrument portfolio based on a hypothetical 10% change in the underlying interest rates or quoted market prices on a particular day. In addition to these variables, the fair value of each portfolio is influenced by changes in the notional amounts of the instruments outstanding and the discount rates used to determine the present values. The sensitivity analysis approach does not reflect the impact that the same hypothetical price movement would have on the hedged exposures to which they relate. Therefore, the impact on the fair value of a derivative instrument resulting from a change in interest rates or quoted market prices (as applicable) would normally be offset by a corresponding gain or loss on the hedged debt instrument, inventory value or forecasted transaction assuming:
We routinely review the effectiveness of our derivative instrument portfolios in light of current market conditions. Accordingly, the nature and volume of our derivative instruments may change depending on the specific exposure being managed.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
100 35 — Hattiesburg Storage Facilities — — 5,200 Cedar Bayou — — 1,600 NGL Terminals: Nederland — — 1,900 Orbit Gulf Coast 70 — 1,200 Marcus Hook Terminal — 132 6,000 Inkster — — 860 Refined Products Pipelines: Eastern region pipelines 1,580 — — Midcontinent region pipelines 440 — — Southwest region pipelines 495 — — Inland Pipeline 580 — — JC Nolan Pipeline 500 — — Refined Products Terminals: Eagle Point — — 6,700 Marcus Hook Terminal — — 930 Marcus Hook Tank Farm — — 1,900 Marketing Terminals — — 7,700 JC Nolan Terminal — — 130 
• The Lone Star Express System is an interstate NGL pipeline consisting of 24-inch and 30-inch long-haul transportation pipeline, with throughput capacity of approximately 900 MBbls/d, that delivers mixed NGLs from processing plants in the Permian Basin, the Barnett Shale, and from East Texas to the Mont Belvieu NGL storage facility. 
• The West Texas Gateway Pipeline transports NGLs produced in the Permian and Delaware Basins and the Eagle Ford Shale to Mont Belvieu, Texas and has a throughput capacity of approximately 240 MBbls/d.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Costs of revenues increased 9%. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, OWN and MTG transactions and the Group Nine Transaction, costs of revenues increased 7% for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily attributable to increased spending on content at our International Networks segment, particularly sports rights and associated production costs. Content amortization was $1.9 billion and $1.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5%. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, OWN and MTG transactions, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3% for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to transaction costs for the Scripps Networks acquisition and integration costs of $79 million, including the $35 million charge associated with the modification of Advance/Newhouse's preferred stock. (See Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
Restructuring and other charges increased $17 million. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel-related termination costs for voluntary and involuntary severance actions. (See Note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
