ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
USAC provides compression services to its customers under fixed-fee contracts with initial contract terms typically between six months and five years, depending on the application and location of the compression unit. USAC typically continues to provide compression services at a specific location beyond the initial contract term, either through contract renewal or on a month-to-month or longer basis. USAC primarily enters into take-or-pay contracts whereby its customers are required to pay a monthly fee even during periods of limited or disrupted throughput, which enhances the stability and predictability of its cash flows. USAC is not directly exposed to commodity price risk because it does not take title to the natural gas or crude oil involved in its services and because the natural gas used as fuel by its compression units is supplied by its customers without cost to USAC. 
Our marketing operations in which we market the natural gas that flows through our gathering and intrastate transportation assets, referred to as on-system gas. We also attract other customers by marketing volumes of natural gas that do not move through our assets, referred to as off-system gas. For both on-system and off-system gas, we purchase natural gas from natural gas producers and other suppliers and sell that natural gas to utilities, industrial consumers, other marketers and pipeline companies, thereby generating gross margins based upon the difference between the purchase and resale prices of natural gas, less the costs of transportation. For the off-system gas, we purchase gas or act as an agent for small independent producers that may not have marketing operations. 
Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Dual Drive Technologies, Ltd. (“DDT”), which provides compression services to customers engaged in the transportation of natural gas, including our other segments.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Contracts with customers may include multiple distinct performance obligations. For example, advertising contracts may include sponsorship, production, or product integration in addition to the airing of spots and the satisfaction of an audience guarantee. For such contracts, the contract value is allocated to individual performance obligations and recorded as revenue when each performance obligation has been satisfied and value has been transferred to the customer. Distribution contracts also include multiple performance obligations. The Company also enters into certain distribution contracts that include promises to deliver content libraries. There are generally two types of such arrangements: 1) content licensing arrangements that include subscription video on demand (“SVOD”) licensing arrangements and 2) digital direct-to-consumer content (i.e., VOD) which includes a performance obligation within our linear distribution arrangements. These contracts vary by customer and in certain instances include a promise by the Company to deliver existing content and new content. For SVOD arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on that performance obligation's relative standalone selling price, which is determined based on the cost plus an expected margin. In the case of VOD and digital direct-to-consumer content, content is regularly refreshed over the term of the agreement, as new titles are added and older titles are removed. Consequently, satisfaction of the performance obligations generally occurs in the same pattern as the delivery of the linear feed. 
Deferred revenue consists of cash received for television advertising for which the guaranteed viewership has not been provided, product licensing arrangements in which fee collections are in excess of the license value provided, advanced fees received related to the sublicensing of Olympic rights and prior to the sale of the Education Business in 2018, advanced billings to subscribers for access to the Company’s curriculum-based streaming services. The amounts classified as current are expected to be earned within the next year. 
Payment terms vary by the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer types, we require payment before the products or services are delivered to the customer. (See Note 14.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Certain of our NGL, refined products and crude oil pipeline systems have interstate common carrier movements subject to regulation by the FERC under the Interstate Commerce Act (“ICA”). Pipelines providing such movements (referred to as “interstate liquids pipelines”) include, but are not limited to, the following: ATEX, Aegis, Dixie Pipeline, TE Products Pipeline, Front Range Pipeline, Mid-America Pipeline System, Seaway Pipeline, Seminole NGL Pipeline and Texas Express Pipeline. These pipelines are owned by legal entities whose movements are subject to FERC regulation, including periodic reporting requirements. For example, ATEX, Aegis and the TE Products Pipeline are owned by Enterprise TE Products Pipeline Company LLC (“Enterprise TE”), which provides FERC-regulated movements.
The ICA prescribes that the rates we charge for transportation on these interstate liquids pipelines must be just and reasonable, and that the rules applied to our services not unduly discriminate against or confer any undue preference upon any shipper. The FERC regulations implementing the ICA further require that interstate liquids pipeline transportation rates and rules be filed with the FERC. The ICA permits interested persons to challenge proposed new or changed rates or rules, and authorizes the FERC to investigate such changes and to suspend their effectiveness for a period of up to seven months. Upon completion of such an investigation, the FERC may require refunds of amounts collected above what it finds to be a just and reasonable level, together with interest. The FERC may also investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, rates and related rules that are already in effect, and may order a carrier to change them prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may obtain reparations (including interest) for damages sustained for a period of up to two years prior to the filing of its complaint.
The rates charged for our interstate liquids pipeline services are generally based on a FERC-approved indexing methodology, which allows a pipeline to charge rates up to a prescribed ceiling that changes annually based on the year-to-year change in the U.S. Producer Price Index for Finished Goods (“PPI”). A rate increase within the indexed rate ceiling is presumed to be just and reasonable unless a protesting party can demonstrate that the rate increase is substantially in excess of the pipeline’s operating costs. For the five-year period ending June 30, 2021, we are permitted to adjust the indexed rate ceiling annually by PPI plus 1.23%. In any year in which the index is negative due to a decline in the PPI, a pipeline must file to lower its rates if they otherwise would be above the indexed rate ceiling. Otherwise, a pipeline is permitted to increase its rates to the new ceiling. As an alternative to this indexing methodology, we may also choose to support changes in our rates based on a cost-of-service methodology, by obtaining advance approval to charge “market-based rates,” or by charging “settlement rates” agreed to by all affected shippers.
