SALESFORCE INC report:
The ultimate extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance depends on certain developments, including the duration of the pandemic and any resurgences, the severity of the disease, responsive actions taken by public health officials, the development, distribution and public acceptance of treatments and vaccines, the impacts on our customers and our sales cycles, our ability to generate new business leads, the impacts on our customers, employee and industry events, and the effects on our vendors, all of which are uncertain and currently cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. As a result, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. Due to our primarily subscription-based business model, the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. If the COVID-19 pandemic has a substantial impact on our employees’, partners’ or customers’ productivity, our results of operations and overall financial performance may be harmed. In addition, the global macroeconomic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts on our customers’ business operations and their demand for our products and services may persist for an indefinite period, even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided. 
• Earnings per Share : Fiscal 2021 diluted earnings per share was $4.38 as compared to earnings per share of $0.15 from a year ago, and was benefited by approximately $2.0 billion from the one-time discrete tax benefit resulting from the recognition of deferred tax assets related to an intra-entity transfer of intangible property and an unrealized gain of $1.7 billion associated with the initial public offerings of two of our strategic investments. 
• Cash: Cash provided by operations for fiscal 2021 was $4.8 billion, an increase of 11 percent year-over-year. Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ended fiscal 2021 at $12.0 billion.

BOEING CO report:
For Level 3 assets that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the year ended December 31, 2020, the following table presents the fair value of those assets as of the measurement date, valuation techniques and related unobservable inputs of those assets. 
(1) The range represents the sum of the highest and lowest values for all aircraft subject to fair value measurement, according to the third party aircraft valuation publications that we use in our valuation process. 
(2) The negative amount represents the sum, for all aircraft subject to fair value measurement, of all downward adjustments based on consideration of individual aircraft attributes and condition. The positive amount represents the sum of all such upward adjustments.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
For our corporate debt, we monitor market interest rates and evaluate refinancing opportunities as maturity dates approach. To mitigate this risk, we ladder the maturity dates of our debt. For our noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, we monitor market dividend rates and evaluate opportunities to redeem or refinance on or after specified dates. For further detail regarding our debt and our preferred stock, see Note 13 of the consolidated financial 
Our assessment of interest rate risk includes assumptions (based upon historical market experience and our experience) that reflect the effect of changing interest rates on the prepayment, leverage or option features of instruments, where applicable. The preceding assumptions relate primarily to callable municipal and corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities and municipal housing bonds. Additionally, the calculations include assumptions regarding the renewal of property and casualty products. As of December 31, 2021, the fixed income portfolio duration was 4.20 compared to 5.02 as of December 31, 2020. 
To the extent that conditions differ from the assumptions we used in these calculations, duration and rate shock measures could be significantly impacted. Additionally, our calculations assume the current relationship between short-term and long-term interest rates (the term structure of interest rates) will remain constant over time. As a result, these calculations may not fully capture the effect of non-parallel changes in the term structure of interest rates or large changes in interest rates.
