VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Product differentiation. As a result of pricing pressures, providers need to differentiate their products and services. Customers are shifting their focus from access to applications and are seeking ways to leverage their broadband and video connections. Converged features, such as integrated wireless and wireline functionality, are becoming similarly important, driven by both customer demand and technological advancement. 
Innovation. The delivery of new and innovative products and services has been accelerating. To compete effectively, providers need to continuously review, improve and refine their product portfolio and customer service experience and develop and rapidly deploy new products and services tailored to the needs of customers. 
In the Consumer Markets business, cable operators are significant competitors. Cable operators have increased the size and capacity of their networks in order to deliver digital products and services. We continue to market competitive bundled offerings that include Fios Internet, TV, and voice services and we have introduced market offers targeted to our Verizon Wireless customers. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships.

SALESFORCE INC report:
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
For traditional life and voluntary accident and health insurance, DAC is amortized over the premium paying period of the related policies in proportion to the estimated revenues on such business. Assumptions used in the amortization of DAC and reserve calculations are established at the time the policy is issued and are generally not revised during the life of the policy. Any deviations from projected business in force resulting from actual policy terminations differing from expected levels and any estimated premium deficiencies may result in a change to the rate of amortization in the period such events occur. Generally, the amortization periods for these policies approximates the estimated lives of the 
policies. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of DAC using actual experience and current assumptions. Traditional life insurance products, immediate annuities with life contingencies, and voluntary accident and health insurance products are reviewed individually. If actual experience and current assumptions are adverse compared to the original assumptions and a premium deficiency is determined to exist, any remaining unamortized DAC balance would be expensed to the extent not recoverable and the establishment of a premium deficiency reserve may be required for any remaining deficiency. 
For interest-sensitive life insurance, DAC and DSI are amortized in proportion to the incidence of the total present value of gross profits, which includes both actual historical gross profits (“AGP”) and estimated future gross profits (“EGP”) expected to be earned over the estimated lives of the contracts. The amortization is net of interest on the prior period DAC balance using rates established at the inception of the contracts. Actual amortization periods generally range from 15 - 30 years; however, incorporating estimates of the rate of customer surrenders, partial withdrawals and deaths generally results in the majority of the DAC being amortized during the surrender charge period, which is typically 10 - 20 years for interest-sensitive life. The rate of DAC and DSI amortization is reestimated and adjusted by a cumulative charge or credit to income when there is a difference between the incidence of actual versus expected gross profits in a reporting period or when there is a change in total EGP. When DAC or DSI amortization or a component of gross profits for a quarterly period is potentially negative (which would result in an increase of the DAC or DSI balance) as a result of negative AGP, the specific facts and circumstances surrounding the potential negative amortization are considered to determine whether it is appropriate for recognition in the consolidated financial statements. Negative amortization is only recorded when the increased DAC or DSI balance is determined to be recoverable based on facts and circumstances. Recapitalization of DAC and DSI is limited to the originally deferred costs plus interest.
