ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The maximum number of barrels per day that our NGL pipelines can transport depends on operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each injection and delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our NGL pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 3,615 MBPD, 3,461 MBPD and 3,168 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
 • The Mid-America Pipeline System is an NGL pipeline system consisting of four primary segments: the 3,119-mile Rocky Mountain pipeline, the 2,138-mile Conway North pipeline, the 632-mile Ethane-Propane (“EP”) Mix pipeline, and the 2,096-mile Conway South pipeline. The Mid-America Pipeline System operates in 13 states: Colorado, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, Wisconsin and Wyoming. Volumes transported on the Mid-America Pipeline System primarily originate from natural gas processing facilities located in the Rocky Mountains and Mid-Continent regions, as well as NGL fractionation and storage facilities in Kansas and Texas.
The Rocky Mountain pipeline transports mixed NGLs from production fields located in the Rocky Mountain Overthrust and San Juan Basin areas to the Hobbs NGL hub located on the Texas-New Mexico border. The Conway North segment links the NGL hub at Conway, Kansas to refineries, petrochemical plants and propane markets in the upper Midwest. NGL hubs, such as those at Mont Belvieu, Hobbs and Conway, provide buyers and sellers with a centralized location for the storage and pricing of products, while also providing connections to intrastate and/or interstate pipelines. The EP Mix segment transports EP mix from the Conway hub to petrochemical plants in Iowa and Illinois. The Conway South pipeline connects the Conway hub with Kansas refineries and provides bi-directional transportation of NGLs between the Conway and Hobbs hubs. At the Hobbs NGL hub, the Mid-America Pipeline System interconnects with our Seminole NGL Pipeline and Hobbs NGL fractionation and storage facility. The Mid-America Pipeline System is also connected to 18 non-regulated NGL terminals that we own and operate.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as amended. 
From time to time, we are under review by the IRS and various other domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to income tax and indirect tax matters and are involved in various inquiries, audits, challenges and litigation in a number of countries, including, in particular, Brazil, Denmark, South Korea and the U.S. where the amounts under controversy may be material. See Notes 11. Commitments and Contingencies and 10. Income Taxes for additional details regarding certain tax matters. 
We are also a party to various claims, complaints and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business including, but not limited to, environmental claims, commercial and governmental contract claims, such as property damage, demurrage, personal injury, billing and fuel quality claims, as well as bankruptcy preference claims and administrative claims. We are not currently a party to any such claim, complaint or proceeding that we expect to have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. However, any adverse resolution of one or more such claims, complaints or proceedings during a particular reporting period could have a material adverse effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements or disclosures for that period. See Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Applying the definition of “Organic Net Revenue”, the adjustments made to “net revenues” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that Organic Net Revenue reflects the underlying growth from the ongoing activities of our business and provides improved comparability of results. We also evaluate our Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging markets and Power Brands, and these underlying measures are also reconciled to U.S. GAAP below. 
Each year we reevaluate our Power Brands and confirm the brands in which we will continue to make disproportionate investments. As such, we may make changes in our planned investments in primarily regional Power Brands following our annual review cycles. For 2018 , we made limited changes to our list of regional Power Brands and as such, we reclassified 2017 and 2016 Power Brand net revenues on a basis consistent with the current list of Power Brands. As we shift our focus to invest in a wider group of global and local brands, after 2018, we will discontinue tracking Power Brands and have included it here for a final full-year comparison of results on this basis. 
Applying the definition of “Adjusted Operating Income”, the adjustments made to “operating income” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude Simplify to Grow Program; intangible asset impairment charges, mark-to-market impacts from commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivative contracts; malware incident incremental expenses, acquisition integration costs; acquisition-related and divestiture-related costs; the operating results of divestitures; gain on divestitures; the remeasurement of net monetary position; the impact from pension participation changes; the impact from the resolution of tax matters and CEO transition remuneration. We also evaluate Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis. We believe these measures provide improved comparability of underlying operating results.
