MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues from continuing operations in 2019 . Our five largest customers accounted for 17.0% and our ten largest customers accounted for 23.2% of net revenues from continuing operations in 2019 . 
Demand for our products is generally balanced over the second and third quarters of the year and increases in the first and fourth quarters primarily because of holidays and other seasonal events. Depending on when Easter falls, Easter holiday sales may shift between the first and second quarter. We build inventory based on expected demand and typically fill customer orders within a few days of receipt so the backlog of unfilled orders is not material. Funding for working capital items, including inventory and receivables, is normally sourced from operating cash flows and short-term commercial paper borrowings. For additional information on our liquidity, working capital management, cash flow and financing activities, see Liquidity and Capital Resources , Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , and Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , appearing later in this 10-K filing. 
We face competition in all aspects of our business. Competitors include large multinational as well as numerous local and regional companies. Some competitors have different profit objectives and investment time horizons than we do and therefore approach pricing and promotional decisions differently. We compete based on product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, service, product innovation, taste, convenience, nutritional value, the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences, effectiveness of digital and other sales and marketing, routes to market and distribution networks, promotional activity and price. Improving our market position or introducing a new product requires substantial research, development, advertising and promotional expenditures. We believe these investments lead to better products for the consumer and support our growth and market position.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
On December 2, 2016 , the Company settled an August 22, 2016 common stock repurchase contract with a net notional value of $71 million whose strike price of $25.86 was below the Series C common stock price at expiry. The Company elected to settle the contract through receipt of 2.8 million shares of Series C common stock at the then current market price equal to $75 million . The receipt of shares is reflected as a component of treasury stock and reclassified from additional paid-in capital at the prepaid cost of $71 million . 
In conjunction with the acquisition of Scripps Networks, the Company acquired a controlling interest in the TV Food Network Partnership, which is jointly owned with Tribune Media Company (the "Tribune Company"). Food Network and Cooking Channel are operated and organized under the terms of the Partnership. The Company holds 80%  of the voting interest and 68.7%  of the economic interest in the Partnership. Under the terms of the Partnership, the Partnership has a dissolution date of December 31, 2020. If the term of the Partnership is not extended prior to that date, the Partnership agreement permits the Company, as holder of 80%  of the applicable votes, to reconstitute the Partnership and continue its business. If for some reason the Partnership is not continued, it will be required to limit its activities to winding up, settling debts, liquidating assets and distributing proceeds to the partners in proportion to their partnership interests. Ownership interests attributable to the Tribune Company are presented as noncontrolling interests on the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under the terms of the Partnership agreement, Tribune Company cannot force a redemption outside of the Company's control. As such, the noncontrolling interests in the Partnership are reflected as a component of permanent equity in the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
The following table presents the Company’s revenues disaggregated by revenue source (in millions). Management uses these categories of revenue to evaluate the performance of its businesses and to assess its financial results and forecasts.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Our intrastate transportation and storage and interstate transportation and storage segments’ results are determined primarily by the amount of capacity our customers reserve as well as the actual volume of natural gas that flows through the transportation 
pipelines. Under transportation contracts, our customers are charged (i) a demand fee, which is a fixed fee for the reservation of an agreed amount of capacity on the transportation pipeline for a specified period of time and which obligates the customer to pay even if the customer does not transport natural gas on the respective pipeline, (ii) a transportation fee, which is based on the actual throughput of natural gas by the customer, (iii) fuel retention based on a percentage of gas transported on the pipeline, or (iv) a combination of the three, generally payable monthly. Excess fuel retained after consumption is typically valued at market prices. 
Our intrastate transportation and storage segment also generates revenues and margin from the sale of natural gas to electric utilities, independent power plants, local distribution companies, industrial end-users and other marketing companies on the HPL System. Generally, we purchase natural gas from the market, including purchases from our marketing operations, and from producers at the wellhead.
