BOEING CO report:
$ 47   $ 47   ( 7 ) $ 110   $ 110   ( 31 ) Property, plant and equipment   ( 19 ) 9   9   ( 50 ) Other Assets and Acquired intangible assets 15   15   ( 55 ) 1   1   ( 9 ) Total $ 62     $ 62   ($ 112 ) $ 120     $ 120   ($ 98 )  
Level 3 Investments, Property, plant and equipment, Other assets and Acquired intangible assets were primarily valued using an income approach based on the discounted cash flows associated with the underlying assets. Level 2 Property, plant and equipment were valued based on a third party valuation using a combination of income and market approaches that considered estimates of net operating income, capitalization rates and adjusted for as-is condition . The fair value of the impaired customer financing assets includes operating lease equipment and investments in sales type-leases/finance leases and is derived by calculating a median collateral value from a consistent group of third party aircraft value publications. The values provided by the third party aircraft publications are derived from their knowledge of market trades and other market factors. Management reviews the publications quarterly to assess the continued appropriateness and consistency with market trends. Under certain circumstances, we adjust values based on the attributes and condition of the specific aircraft or equipment, usually when the features or use of the aircraft vary significantly from the more generic aircraft attributes covered by third party publications, or on the expected net sales price for the aircraft. 
For Level 3 assets that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the year ended December 31, 2022, the following table presents the fair value of those assets as of the measurement date, valuation techniques and related unobservable inputs of those assets.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
(1)   2020 includes approximately $450 million of favorable reserve reestimates related to subrogation settlements, which primarily impacted homeowners. See Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
Frequency and severity statistics, which are influenced by driving patterns, inflation and other factors, are provided to describe the trends in loss costs. Our reserving process incorporates changes in loss patterns, operational statistics and changes in claims reporting processes to determine our best estimate of recorded reserves. We use the following statistics to evaluate losses: 
 • Gross claim frequency (1) is calculated as annualized notice counts received in the period divided by the average of PIF with the applicable coverage during the period. Gross claim frequency includes all actual notice counts, regardless of their current status (open or closed) or their ultimate disposition (closed with a payment or closed without payment).

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company paid a one-time cash payment of $ 300 million for all shares of Salesforce.org to the independent, non-consolidated Salesforce.com Foundation (also referred to as the Foundation), which is considered a related party as discussed in Note 16 "Related-Party Transactions." 
Prior to the business combination, the Company and Salesforce.org had existing reseller and resource sharing agreements that, among other things, allowed Salesforce.org the right to resell select Company offerings and related upgraded support to non-profit organizations and for-profit and non-profit educational institutions free of charge or at discounted prices. Both agreements were effectively settled upon consummation of the business combination. 
Using an income approach, the Company assessed the contractual terms and conditions of the reseller agreement as compared to current market conditions, such as the cost to service contracts sold under the reseller agreement, and determined that the terms were not at fair value. Specifically, the reseller agreement provided favorable terms to Salesforce.org by providing the Company's products and services at no cost. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash charge of approximately $ 166 million within operating expenses on the date the transaction closed. The loss represents the difference between the value of the remaining performance obligation recorded by Salesforce.org under the reseller agreement and the value of the remaining performance obligation if those same contracts had been sold at fair value.
