ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Permian Basin Gathering System offers wellhead-to-market services to producers in eleven counties in West Texas, as well as two counties in New Mexico which surround the Waha Hub, one of Texas’s developing NGL-rich natural gas market areas. As a result of the proximity of our system to the Waha Hub, the Waha Gathering System has a variety of market outlets for the natural gas that we gather and process, including several major interstate and intrastate pipelines serving California, the midcontinent region of the United States and Texas natural gas markets. The NGL market outlets includes Lone Star’s liquids pipelines. The Permian Basin Gathering System includes eleven processing facilities (Waha, Coyanosa, Red Bluff, Halley, Jal, Keyston, Tippet, Orla, Panther, Rebel and Arrowhead) with an aggregate processing capacity of 2.02  Bcf/d and one natural gas conditioning facility with aggregate capacity of 200 MMcf/d . 
We own a 50%  membership interest in Mi Vida JV, a joint venture which owns a 200 MMcf/d  cryogenic processing plant in West Texas. We operate the plant and related facilities on behalf of Mi Vida JV. 
We own a 50%  membership interest in Ranch JV, which processes natural gas delivered from the NGL-rich Bone Spring and Avalon Shale formations in West Texas. The joint venture owns a 25 MMcf/d  refrigeration plant and a 125 MMcf/d  cryogenic processing plant.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Chaparral NGL System transports mixed NGLs from natural gas processing plants located in West Texas and New Mexico to Mont Belvieu. This system consists of the 906-mile Chaparral pipeline and the 179-mile Quanah pipeline. Interstate and intrastate transportation services provided by the Chaparral pipeline are regulated; however, transportation services provided by the Quanah pipeline are not. 
The Louisiana Pipeline System is a network of NGL pipelines located in southern Louisiana. This system transports NGLs originating in Louisiana and Texas to refineries and petrochemical plants located along the Mississippi River corridor in southern Louisiana. This system also provides transportation services for our natural gas processing plants, NGL fractionators and other assets located in Louisiana. 
The Seminole NGL Pipeline transports NGLs from the Hobbs hub and the Permian Basin to markets in southeast Texas, including our NGL fractionation complex located in and near Mont Belvieu. NGLs originating on the Mid-America Pipeline System are a significant source of throughput for the Seminole NGL Pipeline.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value are classified in the following three categories:    
  
Equity securities include money market funds, time deposits, investments in mutual funds held in separate trusts, which are owned as part of the Company’s supplemental retirement plans, and company-owned life insurance contracts. (See Note 16.) The fair value of Level 1 equity securities was determined by reference to the quoted market price per share in active markets multiplied by the number of shares held without consideration of transaction costs. The fair value of the deferred compensation plan liability was determined based on the fair value of the related investments elected by employees. Changes in the fair value of the investments are offset by changes in the fair value of the deferred compensation obligation. (See Note 16.) Company-owned life insurance contracts are recorded at their cash surrender value, which approximates fair value (Level 2).
