ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In December 2019, we announced the execution of a letter of intent (“LOI”) with an affiliate of Enbridge Inc. (“Enbridge”) to jointly develop SPOT in the Gulf of Mexico. Under terms of the LOI, we agreed to negotiate an equity participation right agreement with Enbridge whereby, subject to SPOT receiving a deepwater port license, an affiliate of Enbridge could acquire a noncontrolling member interest in SPOT Terminal Services LLC, which owns SPOT.
Our crude oil marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of crude oil and condensate purchased either directly from producers or from others on the open market. The results of operations from our crude oil marketing activities are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between crude oil and condensate sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our assets. In general, sales prices referenced in the underlying contracts are market-based and include pricing differentials for factors such as delivery location or crude oil quality. We use derivative instruments to mitigate our exposure to commodity price risks associated with our crude oil marketing activities. For a discussion of our commodity hedging program, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report.
Our Crude Oil Pipelines & Services segment also includes a fleet of approximately 310 tractor-trailer tank trucks, the majority of which we lease and operate, that are used to transport crude oil.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The Governance, Membership and Public Affairs Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our sustainable snacking and mindful snacking strategies. Our goals are part of our strategic planning process, and therefore, progress and key activities are regularly reported to the Board of Directors and the business leadership teams. Climate change, CO 2 emissions, energy, well-being and other sustainability matters are key focus areas in our strategy. 
We have a robust Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and managing risks, with oversight by the Risk and Compliance Committee ("MRCC"), which reports annually to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The purpose of the MRCC is to oversee how we identify and assess the most significant inherent risks to our business so we may adequately mitigate them or monitor them across the Company. All identified risks are vetted by the MRCC and remain under the MRCC’s governance. Ownership of specific risks is assigned at the Mondelēz Leadership Team ("MLT") level (MLT members report directly to the CEO). As owners of each specific risk, MLT members are responsible for verifying that appropriate mitigation controls and monitoring systems are in place. The risk universe considered during this process is wide and varied. Climate change is included in this risk universe as well as other sustainability and well-being issues. 
Our ERM methodology is governed by the MRCC and includes annual reviews with our four operating regions, considering Company-level risks by using information gathered at the asset level (regions, countries, individual facilities and separate business units). The following key risk drivers for climate change, sustainability and well-being risks are captured in the ERM framework: a sustainability mindset within the organization and suppliers, governance and monitoring of the sustainability agenda, monitoring climate change impact, assessing reputation and brand image, the well-being portfolio and marketing strategy, changes in regulations and changes in consumer preferences.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Investing in our employees is a top priority and we continually strive to provide an environment that promotes learning, growth and development to maximize our people's potential. We are committed to creating a learning culture that builds skills needed for the future and develops great leaders. We provide a variety of resources to further our employees' development, including online resources as well as in-person and virtual training programs to develop skills and gain knowledge that advances employees' careers. 
We are also committed to supporting the health and well-being of our employees and their families, as we believe that the key to successful business operations is a healthy and competent workforce. We have identified a strong connection between employee well-being and the safety of business operations. Accordingly, we are devoted to supporting employee well-being in all dimensions, which goes beyond their physical well-being and includes support for emotional, financial and social well-being. It is a holistic approach intended to provide support and resources that empower our employees and their families to embrace a healthy lifestyle. We have launched various programs designed to build a global culture that promotes and celebrates employee health and well-being in our locations around the world. The goal of these programs is to integrate employee health and well-being into the World Fuel Services culture through fun and educational events, webinars, activities and fitness challenges. 
We believe that fostering sustainable growth is about conducting our business in a manner that promotes a healthy environment and strengthens the local communities where we operate. At World Fuel Services, we and all of our employees are dedicated to being a good neighbor and charitable partner in the communities where we conduct our operations. We are committed to creating a positive impact in our communities, encouraging our employees to support the communities in which they live and in which we operate, and engaging with and supporting charities in all aspects of society.
