ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. Factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of which products have been sold subject to a rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. Using historical trends, adjusted for current changes, Abbott estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when Abbott records its sale of the product. Settlement of the rebate generally occurs from one to six months after sale. Abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs. Historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income.
Other allowances charged against gross sales include cash discounts and returns, which are not significant. Cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore can be reliably estimated. Returns can be reliably estimated because Abbott's historical returns are low, and because sales return terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods. Product warranties are also not significant.
Abbott also applies judgment in determining the timing of revenue recognition related to contracts that include multiple performance obligations. The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. For goods or services for which observable standalone selling prices are not available, Abbott uses an expected cost plus a margin approach to estimate the standalone selling price of each performance obligation.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
The following table indicates the location in the consolidated balance sheets where our derivative assets and liabilities have been recognized, the fair value hierarchy level applicable to each derivative type and the related fair values of those derivatives. 
We have master netting arrangements with substantially all of our counterparties giving us the right of offset for our derivative positions. However, we have not elected to offset the fair value positions of our derivative contracts recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. The columns labeled Net Amounts if Right of Offset had been Applied indicate the potential net fair value positions by type of contract and location in the consolidated balance sheets had we elected to apply the right of offset as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 (in millions): 
Our foreign currency exchange rate, interest rate and investment market price derivatives are largely comprised of over-the-counter derivatives, which are primarily valued using pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as yield curves, currency exchange rates and investment forward prices; therefore, these derivatives are classified as Level 2. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020 we did no t have any derivatives that were classified as Level 1 (valued using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets) or Level 3 (valued using significant unobservable inputs).

SALESFORCE INC report:
Promoting strong customer adoption and reducing customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, as well as customer success programs including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and accelerate digital transformation. With these resources and our customer success programs, we strive to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions prior to the end of their contractual terms. 
From time to time, we evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Customer 360 Platform. These evaluations resulted in our acquisition of several companies in fiscal 2020, notably Salesforce.org, Tableau and ClickSoftware Technologies, Ltd. (“ClickSoftware”), which expanded our solutions built for non-profit and higher education organizations, as well as our analytics and field service management capabilities, respectively. 
In addition to mergers and acquisitions, we invest in early- to late-stage technology and professional cloud service companies across the globe to support our business initiatives. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise.
