WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Goodwill is allocated to the Company's reporting units, which are its operating segments or one level below its operating segments. The Company evaluates goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually as of October 1 or earlier if an event or other circumstance indicates that we may not recover the carrying value of the asset. (See Note 7.) If the Company believes that, as a result of its qualitative assessment, it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is not required. The Company performs a quantitative impairment test every three years, irrespective of the outcome of the Company's qualitative assessment. During 2019, the Company changed its annual impairment testing date from November 30 to October 1. The Company believes the new date is preferable because it aligns the impairment test with the budgeting and quarter-end closing processes. The Company determined it was impracticable to apply the change in accounting principle retrospectively because it could not determine the goodwill estimate for each reporting unit at the new annual goodwill impairment testing date without the use of hindsight. Accordingly, the Company applied the change in accounting principle prospectively. The change in the annual impairment testing date did not delay, accelerate or avoid an impairment charge. 
The quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed using a two-step process. The first step of the process is to compare the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the quantitative goodwill impairment test is required to be performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. The second step of the quantitative goodwill impairment test compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 
If a qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of an indefinite lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, a quantitative impairment test is performed, which involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. (See Note 7.)

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
2022 Change in net revenues (by percentage point) Total change in net revenues 9.7   % Removing the following items affecting comparability: Unfavorable currency 6.6 pp Impact of acquisitions (4.2) pp Impact of divestiture 0.2 pp 
Net revenue increase of 9.7% was driven by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 12.3% and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation and the impact of divestitures. Overall, we continued to see increased demand for our snack category products. Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Higher net pricing in all regions was due to the benefit of carryover pricing from 2021 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2022. Favorable volume/mix was driven by AMEA, Latin America and North America, primarily due to strong volume gains across our snack category products, while volume/mix was essentially flat in Europe. The November 1, 2022 acquisition of Ricolino added incremental net revenues of $98 million (constant currency basis), the August 1, 2022 acquisition of Clif Bar added incremental net revenues of $361 million, the January 3, 2022 acquisition of Chipita added incremental net revenues of $720 million (constant currency basis), the April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food added incremental net revenues of $15 million (constant currency basis) and the March 25, 2021 acquisition of Grenade added incremental net revenues of $22 million (constant currency basis). Unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $1,905 million, primarily due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies, including the euro, British pound sterling, Argentinean peso, Turkish lira, Australian dollar, Indian rupee, Polish zloty, Chinese yuan and Swedish krona, partially offset by the strength of a few currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the Russian ruble, Brazilian real and Mexican peso. The impact of divestitures resulted in a year-over-year reduction in net revenues of $56 million. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information. 
Operating Income – Operating income decreased $1,119 million (24.0%) to $3,534 million in 2022, Adjusted Operating Income (1) increased $264 million (5.5%) to $5,029 million and Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis increased $583 million (12.2%) to $5,348 million due to the following:

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We own and operate an octane enhancement production facility located in Chambers County, Texas that is designed to produce isobutylene and either isooctane or methyl tertiary butyl ether (“MTBE”). The products produced by this facility are used by refiners to increase octane values in reformulated motor gasoline blends. The high-purity isobutane feedstocks consumed in the production of these products are supplied by our isomerization units.
We sell our octane enhancement products at market-based prices. We attempt to mitigate the price risk associated with these products by entering into commodity derivative instruments. To the extent that we produce MTBE, it is sold exclusively into the export market. We measure the utilization of our octane enhancement facility in terms of its combined isooctane, isobutylene and MTBE production volumes, which averaged 14 MBPD, 15 MBPD and 24 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
We also own and operate a facility located on the Houston Ship Channel that produces up to 4 MBPD of HPIB and includes an associated storage facility with 0.6 MMBbls of related product storage capacity. The primary feedstock for this plant, an isobutane/isobutylene mix, is produced by our octane enhancement and iBDH facilities. HPIB is used in the production of polyisobutylene, which is used in the manufacture of lubricants and rubber. In general, we sell HPIB at market-based prices with a cost-based floor. On a weighted-average basis, utilization rates for this facility were 91.7%, 97.6% and 77.6% for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
