SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue recognized over time primarily includes Cloud Services subscription and support revenue, which is generally recognized ratably over time, and professional services and other revenue, which is generally recognized ratably or as delivered. 
Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation is based on SSP. Remaining performance obligation is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of software license deliveries, average contract terms and foreign currency exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is subject to future economic risks, including bankruptcies, regulatory changes and other market factors. 
Remaining performance obligation consisted of the following (in billions):

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our annual comprehensive review of assumptions underlying estimated future gross profits for our interest-sensitive life contracts resulted in a deceleration of DAC amortization (increase to income) of $4 million in 2018 compared to an acceleration of DAC amortization (decrease to income) of $1 million and $4 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
Represents the change in the DAC adjustment for unrealized capital gains and losses. The DAC adjustment represents the amount by which the amortization of DAC would increase or decrease if the unrealized gains and losses in the respective product portfolios were realized. 
Operating costs and expenses   increased   7.1%  or $19 million  in 2018  compared to 2017 , primarily due to higher non-deferrable commissions (associated with growth in premiums and contract charges) and employee-related costs consistent with growth.

BOEING CO report:
The following tables present BCA, BDS and BGS revenues from contracts with customers disaggregated in a number of ways, such as geographic location, contract type and the method of revenue recognition. We believe these best depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 
We recorded Earnings from operations associated with our equity method investments of $ 90 , $ 167 and $ 233 , primarily in our BDS segment, for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on performance obligations to our customers for which work remains to be performed. Backlog is converted into revenue in future periods as work is performed, primarily based on the cost incurred or at delivery and acceptance of products, depending on the applicable accounting method.
