ALLSTATE CORP report:
Differences in actual experience and changes in other assumptions affect the Company’s pension and other postretirement obligations and expenses. Differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets affect remeasurement gains and losses. 
Pension and other postretirement service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets and amortization of prior service credits are allocated to the Company’s reportable segments. The pension and other postretirement remeasurement gains and losses are reported in the Corporate and Other segment. 
The Company reviews its lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and other legal proceedings on an ongoing basis. The Company establishes accruals for such matters at management’s best estimate when the Company assesses that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company’s assessment of whether a loss is reasonably possible or probable is based on its assessment of the ultimate outcome of the matter following all appeals. The Company does not include potential recoveries in its estimates of reasonably possible or probable losses. Legal fees are expensed as incurred.

BOEING CO report:
We are also working with our customers and supply chain to accelerate receipts and conserve cash. For example, the United States Department of Defense (U.S. DoD) has taken steps to work with its industry partners to increase liquidity in the form of increased progress payment rates and reductions in withholds among other initiatives. We are also deferring certain tax payments pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. 
In July 2020, we announced our business transformation efforts to assess our business across five key pillars – infrastructure, overhead and organization, portfolio and investments, supply chain health and operational excellence. Within the infrastructure pillar we are assessing our overall facility requirements in light of reduced demand in our commercial businesses and remote and virtual work opportunities for large numbers of our workforce. We also anticipate a reduction in office space needs compared to our current capacity. However, as we consolidate our footprint, we may incur near term adverse impacts to earnings. The overhead and organization pillar is focused on our cost structure and how we are organized so we can right size our workforce and simplify and reduce management layers and bureaucracy. The portfolio and investments pillar includes aligning our portfolio and investments to focus on our core business and the changes in market conditions. The supply chain pillar is focused on supply chain health and stability, reducing indirect procurement spend and streamlining our transportation, logistics and warehousing approach. The operational excellence pillar is focused on improving performance, enhancing quality and reducing rework. These activities are not intended to constrain our capacity, but to enable the Company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. 
Based on our current best estimates of market demand, planned production rates, timing of cash receipts and expenditures, our ability to successfully implement further actions to improve liquidity as well as our ability to access additional liquidity, if needed, we believe it is probable that we will be able to fund our operations for the foreseeable future.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;
