SALESFORCE INC report:
The increase in marketing and sales expenses was primarily due to an increase of $797 million  in employee-related costs and amortization of deferred commissions, an increase  of $174 million  in stock-based expenses, an increase  in amortization of purchased intangible assets of $111 million , and allocated overhead. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by 25 percent  since January 31, 2018 , of which a component was due to the acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2018. The increase in headcount was primarily attributable to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. We expect that marketing and sales expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to hire additional sales personnel. 
The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs. Our general and administrative headcount increased by 27 percent  since January 31, 2018  as we added personnel to support our growth as well as an increase due to the acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2018. 
Interest expense consists of interest on our debt, capital leases, and financing obligation related to 350 Mission. The increase in interest expense was primarily driven by interest expense on the 2023 Senior Notes and 2028 Senior Notes of approximately $71 million . We expect interest expense to increase in future years as the 2023 Senior Notes and 2028 Senior Notes will be outstanding for a full year as compared to a partial year in fiscal 2019.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc. and others are offering alternative means for making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless provider’s voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content. 
With respect to our wireline connectivity services, we compete against cable companies, wireless service providers, domestic and foreign telecommunications providers, satellite television companies, Internet service providers, over-the-top (OTT) providers and other companies that offer network services and managed enterprise solutions. Cable operators have increased the size and capacity of their networks in order to deliver digital products and services. We introduced offerings that provide customized Internet and video packages. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. Customers have more choices for obtaining video content from various online services. We expect the market will continue to shift from traditional linear video to OTT offerings. We expect customer migration from traditional voice services to wireless services to continue as a growing number of customers place greater value on mobility and wireless companies position their services as a landline alternative. We also face increasing competition from cable operators and other providers of VoIP services, as well as Internet portal providers. 
Network reliability, speed and coverage. We consider networks that consistently provide high-quality, fast and reliable service to be a key differentiator in the market and driver of customer satisfaction. Lower prices, improved service quality and new service offerings, which in many cases include video content, have led to increased customer usage of connectivity services. We and other network-based providers must ensure that our networks can meet these increasing capacity usage requirements and offer highly reliable national coverage.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Interest earned on secured advances to suppliers of $31 million, $26 million and $30 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, is included in Net sales in the consolidated statements of income. 
The table below shows details of prepaid commodity contracts and secured advances to suppliers outstanding at our Brazilian operations as of the dates indicated. See Note 6- Other Current Assets and Note 12- Other Non-Current Assets, to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
(30) (9) Net 485   425 Secured advances to suppliers (non-current) 81   134 Total (current and non-current) 566   559 Allowance for uncollectible amounts (current and non-current) $ (43) $ (65)
