SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding and strengthening our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers wherever they are in their digital transformation journeys, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. Partners extend the power of our solutions to businesses of all size and industries. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries, offer a variety of solutions natively and through the AppExchange and address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
Promoting strong customer adoption and reducing customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation, as well as customer success programs including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and 
accelerate digital transformation. With these resources and our customer success programs, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions prior to the end of their contractual terms.

BOEING CO report:
We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight and launch systems and services. We are one of the two major manufacturers of 100+ seat airplanes for the worldwide commercial airline industry and one of the largest defense contractors in the U.S. While our principal operations are in the U.S., we conduct operations in an expanding number of countries and rely on an extensive network of non-U.S. partners, key suppliers and subcontractors. 
Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses – Commercial Airplanes (BCA), Defense, Space & Security (BDS) and Global Services (BGS) – supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital (BCC). Taken together, these core businesses have historically generated substantial earnings and cash flow that permit us to invest in new products and services. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. BCA is committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, efficiency and value to customers around the world. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to customers at reduced costs. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. BGS provides support for commercial and defense through innovative, comprehensive and cost-competitive product and service solutions. BCC facilitates, arranges, structures and provides selective financing solutions for our Boeing customers. 
The global outbreak of COVID-19, 787 production issues and associated rework, and the residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding continued to have significant adverse impacts on our business in 2021. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented shock to demand for air travel, creating a tremendous challenge for our customers, our business and the entire commercial aerospace manufacturing and services sector. The latest International Air Transport Association (IATA) release reported that passenger traffic in 2021 recovered to approximately 40% of 2019 levels, as international markets saw continued reopening challenges. Additionally, global economic activity is improving, but continues to be impacted by COVID-19, and governments continue to restrict travel to contain the spread of the virus. While recovery is accelerating, we continue to expect that it will remain uneven as travel restrictions and varying regional travel protocols continue to impact air travel.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company is the assuming reinsurer for Lincoln Benefit Life Company’s (“LBL’s”) life insurance business sold through the Allstate agency channel and LBL’s payout annuity business in force prior to the sale of LBL on April 1, 2014. Under the terms of the reinsurance agreement, the Company is required to have a trust with assets greater than or equal to the statutory reserves ceded by LBL to the Company, measured on a monthly basis. As of December 31, 2019 , the trust held $ 6.25 billion of investments, which are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. 
Deferred sales inducement costs primarily relate to fixed annuities and interest-sensitive life contracts and are recorded as part of other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
Senior Notes, with the exception of Senior Floating Notes (as defined below), are subject to redemption at the Company’s option in whole or in part at any time at the greater of either 100 % of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date or the discounted sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date.
