ALLSTATE CORP report:
An insurer’s ability to adjust its rates in response to competition or to changing costs is dependent on an insurer’s ability to demonstrate to the regulator that its rates or proposed rating plan meets the requirements of the rating laws. In those states that significantly restrict an insurer’s discretion in selecting the business 
that it wants to underwrite, an insurer can manage its risk of loss by charging a rate that reflects the cost and expense of providing the insurance. In those states that significantly restrict an insurer’s ability to charge a rate that reflects the cost and expense of providing the insurance, the insurer may be able to manage its risk of loss by being more selective in the type of business it underwrites. When a state significantly restricts both underwriting and pricing, it becomes more difficult for an insurer to maintain its targeted level of profitability. 
From time to time, the personal lines insurance industry comes under pressure from state regulators, legislators, and special-interest groups to reduce, freeze, or set rates at levels that do not correspond with our analysis of underlying costs, catastrophe loss exposure, and expenses. We expect this kind of pressure to persist. Allstate and other insurers are using increasingly sophisticated pricing models and rating plans that are reviewed by regulators and special-interest groups. States may limit the ability of insurers to include variables in their rating plans even though they are indicative of risk. State regulators may interpret existing law or rely on future legislation or regulations to impose new restrictions that adversely affect profitability or growth. We cannot predict the impact on our business of possible future legislative and regulatory measures regarding insurance rates.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The change in marketing and sales expenses was primarily due to an increase of $637 million in employee-related costs and amortization of deferred commissions, an increase of $80 million in stock-based expenses, an increase in amortization of purchased intangible assets of $23 million and allocated overhead. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by 22 percent 
during fiscal 2018. The increase in headcount was primarily attributable to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. 
The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs. Our general and administrative headcount increased by 16 percent during fiscal 2018 as we added personnel to support our growth.

BOEING CO report:
obligations have not been recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements. A liability for these obligations will be recorded in the period when sufficient information regarding timing and method of settlement becomes available to make a reasonable estimate of the liability’s fair value. In addition, there may be conditional asset retirement obligations that we have not yet discovered (e.g. asbestos may exist in certain buildings but we have not become aware of it through the normal course of business), and therefore, these obligations also have not been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment annually and when an event occurs or circumstances change such that it is more likely than not that an impairment may exist. Our annual testing date is April 1. 
We test goodwill for impairment by performing a qualitative assessment or using a two-step impairment process. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment and determine it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the net assets is more than the fair value of the related operations, the two-step impairment process is then performed; otherwise, no further testing is required. For operations where the two-step impairment process is used, we first compare the carrying value of net assets to the fair value of the related operations. If the fair value is determined to be less than carrying value, a second step is performed to compute the amount of the impairment. In this process, a fair value for goodwill is estimated, based in part on the fair value of the operations, and is compared to its carrying value. The shortfall of the fair value below carrying value represents the amount of goodwill impairment.
