SALESFORCE INC report:
We leverage a number of communications channels and strategic content to better serve and engage our many stakeholders. Our sustainability website, www.salesforce.com/company/sustainability, provides information regarding our environmental and other sustainability efforts, including our annual impact reports and our environmental policy. At our equality portal, www.salesforce.com/company/equality, our stakeholders can gain insights on our approach to equality, see our company profile by gender, and review our most recent Employer Information Report, which provides a snapshot in time of our U.S. demographics based on categories prescribed by the federal government. In addition, stakeholders can learn about equality through one of our many free Trailheads. Our annual proxy statement, available on the Investor Relations website, www.investor.salesforce.com, or www.sec.gov, provides additional details on our corporate governance practices, including our board composition. 
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, additional headcount in foreign countries and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Japanese Yen against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. 
Our European revenue, operating expenses and significant balance sheet accounts denominated in currencies other than the USD primarily flow through our United Kingdom ("UK") subsidiary, which has a functional currency of the British Pound. This results in a two-step currency exchange process wherein the currencies in Europe other than the British Pound are first converted into the British Pound and then British Pounds are translated into USD for our Consolidated  Financial Statements. As an example, costs incurred in France are translated from the Euro to the British Pound and then into the USD. Our statements of operations and balance sheet accounts are also impacted by the re-measurement of non-functional currency transactions such as USD denominated intercompany loans, cash accounts held by our overseas subsidiaries, accounts receivable denominated in foreign currencies and unearned revenue and accounts payable denominated in foreign currencies.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Unfavorable reserve reestimates for commercial are primarily from auto injury coverages for both shared economy and traditional segments with a large portion of the traditional segment increase related to states where the Company will no longer be selling new business. 
The following presents information about incurred and paid claims development as of December 31, 2022, net of recoverables, as well as the cumulative number of reported claims and the total of IBNR reserves plus expected development on reported claims included in the net incurred claims amounts. See Note 2 for the accounting policy and methodology for determining reserves for claims and claims expense, including both reported and IBNR claims. The cumulative number of reported claims is identified by coverage and excludes reported claims for industry pools and facilities where information is not available. The information about incurred and paid claims development for the 2018 to 2022 years, and the average annual percentage payout of incurred claims by age as of December 31, 2022, is presented as required supplementary information. 
IBNR reserves plus expected development on reported claims Cumulative number of reported claims For the years ended December 31, Prior year reserve reestimates As of December 31, 2022 (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) Accident year 2018 (1)

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Residential broadband service has seen significant growth in bandwidth demand over the past several years, and we believe that demand will continue to grow. We expect the continued emergence of new video services, new data applications and the proliferation of IP devices in the home will continue to drive new network requirements for increased data speeds and throughput. We believe that the Passive Optical Network (PON) technology underpinning Fios positions us well to meet these demands in a cost-effective and efficient manner. 
While deployed initially as a consumer broadband network, our PON infrastructure is also experiencing more widespread application in the Business segment, especially as businesses increasingly migrate to Ethernet-based access services. 
Verizon owns and operates one of the largest global fiber-optic networks in the world, providing connectivity to Business customers in more than 150 countries. Our global IP network includes long-haul, metro and submarine assets that span over 1 million route miles and enable and support international operations.
