ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
With respect to the domestic petrochemical industry, abundant supplies of shale-sourced ethane provides the U.S. with one of the cheapest feedstocks available for ethylene production. The American Chemistry Council estimates that over $200 billion is being invested in domestic chemical production, with most of those investments tied directly to producing ethylene from cost-advantaged U.S. ethane. We believe that domestic demand for ethane is expected to continue growing as several new world-scale ethylene plants begin operations in 2019 and on through the early 2020s. Furthermore, virtually every ethane-consuming chemical plant in the U.S. is in close proximity to our existing assets. 
Of the new domestic chemical plants, four are currently operational and have a combined ethylene production capacity of 11.1 billion pounds per year and ethane consumption rate of approximately 310 MBPD. An additional five plants are expected to enter service in 2019, with a combined ethylene production capacity of 10.5 billion pounds per year and an ethane consumption rate of approximately 295 MBPD, and another four in the early 2020s. The plants expected to enter service in the early 2020s are expected to have a combined ethylene production capacity of 10.8 billion pounds per year and an ethane consumption rate of approximately 295 MBPD. We also anticipate demand growth for ethane as a feedstock resulting from modifications made to other existing domestic facilities (e.g., debottlenecking, furnace modifications, etc.). As a result of the expected growth in U.S. ethylene production capacity, we are constructing an ethylene export terminal located at Morgan’s Point on the Houston Ship Channel. The project, which is underwritten by long-term customer commitments, is expected to begin limited commercial service in the fourth quarter of 2019, with full operations expected in the fourth quarter of 2020 once certain refrigeration assets are complete. 
International demand for U.S. ethane is expected to remain robust in 2019, as ethane from domestic shale basins also offers the global petrochemical industry a low-cost feedstock option plus supply diversification. Our Morgan’s Point Ethane Export Terminal, the largest of its kind in the world, enables us to meet this demand and has an aggregate loading rate (nameplate capacity) of approximately 10,000 barrels per hour of fully refrigerated ethane.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Determining whether a contract contains a lease requires judgment regarding whether the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property or equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Assessing whether we have obtained the right to substantially all of the economic benefits and the ability to direct how, and for what purpose, the asset is used requires more judgment in storage arrangements where we must determine whether our rights to capacity may represent substantially all of the available capacity at a location. We also make estimates about the lease term, as some of these arrangements may include optional renewals, terminations or purchase options, which are considered in our assessments when they are reasonably certain to occur. Determining the incremental borrowing rate at lease commencement (or modification) requires judgment as it is based on our estimated credit rating, the lease term at commencement, and the contract currency of the lease arrangement. All these estimates could lead to higher or lower lease related assets and liabilities. 
We enter into financial derivative contracts to mitigate our risk of fuel market price fluctuations in aviation, land and marine fuel as well as changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates. Also, to offer our customers fuel pricing alternatives to meet their needs. While we currently believe that our derivative contracts will be effective in mitigating the associated price risks, it is possible that our derivative instruments will be ineffective at mitigating material changes in prices, which could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
A number of claims, complaints or proceedings may arise in the ordinary course of business and may be outstanding against the company. Our estimates regarding potential losses are based on our judgment and assessment of currently available information. Any adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements or disclosures. Although we continue to reassess our reserves and estimates based on new developments, our objective assessment of the legal merits of such claims may not always be predictive of the outcome and actual results may vary from our current estimates. For additional information on contingencies, see “Item 1A – Risk Factors” and "Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies " in this 2020 10‑K Report.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Fair value estimates for private equity investments are calculated by the general partners using the market approach to estimate the fair value of private investments. The market approach utilizes prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions, type of security, degree of liquidity, restrictions on the disposition, latest round of financing data, company financial statements, relevant valuation multiples and discounted cash flow analyses. 
• Fair value estimates for private debt placements are calculated using standardized valuation methods, including but not limited to income-based techniques such as discounted cash flow projections or market-based techniques utilizing public and private transaction multiples as comparables. 
• Fair value estimates for real estate investments are calculated by investment managers using the present value of future cash flows expected to be received from the investments, based on valuation methodologies such as appraisals, local market conditions, and current and projected operating performance.
