WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
From time to time certain items may impact the comparability of our consolidated results of operations between two periods. In comparing the financial results for the years 2018 and 2017, in addition to the Transactions, the Company has identified foreign currency as one such item, as noted below. 
The impact of exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons of our results. For example, our international revenues are favorably impacted as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the U.S dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis (ex-FX), in addition to results reported in accordance with GAAP provides useful information about our operating performance because the presentation ex-FX excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility and highlights our core operating results. The presentation of results on a constant currency basis should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP. 
The ex-FX change represents the percentage change on a period-over-period basis adjusted for foreign currency impacts. The ex-FX change is calculated as the difference between the current year amounts translated at a baseline rate, which is a spot rate for each of our currencies determined early in the fiscal year as part of our forecasting process (the “2018 Baseline Rate”), and the prior year amounts translated at the same 2018 Baseline Rate. In addition, consistent with the assumption of a constant currency environment, our ex-FX results exclude the impact of our foreign currency hedging activities, as well as realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses. Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Selling, general and administrative expense, as presented below, excludes mark-to-market share-based compensation and Scripps Networks transaction and integration costs due to their impact on comparability between periods.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise across our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. See Note 18, Segment Reporting , for additional information on our segments and Items Affecting Comparability of Financial Results earlier in this section for items affecting our segment operating results. 
Net revenues decreased $184 million ( 5.7% ), due to unfavorable currency (13.5 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (2.1 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (9.9 pp). Unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Argentinean peso and Brazilian real. Unfavorable volume/mix was due to the impact of pricing-related elasticity, and was driven by declines in refreshment beverages, candy, cheese & grocery and chocolate, partially offset by gains in biscuits and gum. Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Our subsidiaries are involved in the management of coal and natural resources properties and the related collection of royalties. We also earn revenues from other land management activities, such as selling standing timber, leasing coal-related infrastructure facilities, and collecting oil and gas royalties. These operations also include end-user coal handling facilities. 
The descriptions below include summaries of significant assets within the Partnership’s reportable segments. Amounts, such as capacities, volumes and miles included in the descriptions below are approximate and are based on information currently available; such amounts are subject to change based on future events or additional information. 
The ET Fuel System serves some of the most prolific production areas in the United States and is comprised of intrastate natural gas pipeline and related natural gas storage facilities. The ET Fuel System has many interconnections with pipelines providing direct access to power plants, other intrastate and interstate pipelines, and has bi-directional capabilities. It is
