MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Taxes – We continue to monitor existing and potential future tax reform around the world. During November 2021, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill that contains significant changes to currently enacted U.S. tax rules but the Senate has not yet acted on it. In December 2021, the OECD released model rules for a global minimum tax. Both of these proposed legislative changes could have a material effect on us if enacted. 
Currency – As a global company with 75.1% of our net revenues generated outside the United States, we are continually exposed to changes in global economic conditions and currency movements. While we hedge significant forecasted currency exchange transactions as well as currency translation impacts from certain net assets of our non-U.S. operations, we cannot fully predict or eliminate all adverse impacts arising from changes in currency exchange rates on our consolidated financial results. To partially offset currency translation impacts arising from our overseas operations, we enter into net investment hedges primarily in the form of local currency-denominated debt, cross-currency swaps and other financial instruments. While we work to mitigate our exposure to currency risks, factors such as continued global and local market volatility, actions by foreign governments, political uncertainty, limited hedging opportunities and other factors could lead to unfavorable currency impacts in the future and could adversely affect our results of operations or financial position. See additional discussion of Brexit and Argentina below and refer also to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , and Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information on how we manage currency and related risks. As currency movements can make comparison of year-over-year operating performance challenging, we isolate the impact of currency and also report growth on a constant currency basis, holding prior-year currency exchange rates constant, so that prior-year and current-year results can be compared on a consistent basis. 
Brexit – Following Brexit in 2020, a new trade arrangement was reached between the U.K. and E.U. that began on January 1, 2021. The main trade provisions include the continuation of no tariffs or quotas on trade between the U.K. and E.U. subject to prescribed trade terms, including but not limited to meeting product and labeling standards for both the U.K. and E.U. Cross-border trade between the U.K. and E.U. is also subject to new customs regulations, documentation and reviews. Our supply chain in this market relies on imports of raw and packaging materials as well as finished goods. To comply with the new requirements, we increased resources in customer service and logistics, in our factories and on our customs support teams. We adapted our processes and systems for the new and increased number of customs transactions. We continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the U.K. We have made investments in resources, systems and processes to meet the new ongoing requirements and we work to mitigate disruptions to our local supply chain and distribution, including those related to the recent transportation labor shortage in the U.K., to reduce the impact on our input and distribution costs. Despite our efforts to control costs, inflationary cost pressures increased in our U.K. business in 2021, as we also experienced in other markets. If the U.K.’s separation from, or new trade arrangements with, the E.U. negatively impact the U.K. economy or result in disagreements on trade terms, delays affecting our supply chain or distribution, disruptions to sales or collections, or further increases in inflationary cost pressures, the impact to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be material. In 2021, we generated 9.3% of our consolidated net revenues in the U.K.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
On March 6, 2018, Discovery acquired Scripps Networks. The acquisition of Scripps Networks allows the Company to offer complementary brands with an extensive library of original programming to consumers and to become a scale player with the ability to compete for audiences and advertising revenue. The acquisition is intended to extend Scripps Networks' content to a broader international audience through Discovery's global distribution infrastructure. Finally, the acquisition of Scripps Networks has created cost synergies for the Company. 
(i) for Scripps Networks shareholders that did not make an election or elected to receive the mixed consideration, $ 65.82 in cash and 1.0584 shares of Discovery Series C common stock for each Scripps Networks share, 
The following table summarizes the components of the aggregate consideration paid for the acquisition of Scripps Networks (in millions of dollars and shares, except for per share amounts, share conversion ratio and stock option conversion ratio).

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Partnership’s counterparties consist of a diverse portfolio of customers across the energy industry, including petrochemical companies, commercial and industrial end-users, oil and gas producers, municipalities, gas and electric utilities, midstream companies and independent power generators. Our overall exposure may be affected positively or negatively by macroeconomic or regulatory changes that impact our counterparties to one extent or another. Currently, management does not anticipate a material adverse effect in our financial position or results of operations as a consequence of counterparty non-performance. 
For financial instruments, failure of a counterparty to perform on a contract could result in our inability to realize amounts that have been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and recognized in net income or other comprehensive income.As of December 31, 2020, our subsidiaries had $6.72 billion of floating rate debt outstanding. A hypothetical change of 100 basis points would result in a maximum potential change to interest expense of $67 million annually; however, our actual change in interest expense may be less in a given period due to interest rate floors included in our variable rate debt instruments. 
A hypothetical change of 100 basis points in interest rates for these interest rate swaps would result in a net change in the fair value of interest rate derivatives and earnings (recognized in gains (losses) on interest rate derivatives) of $275 million as of December 31, 2020. For the forward-starting interest rate swaps, a hypothetical change of 100 basis points in interest rates would not affect cash flows until the swaps are settled. 
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty may default on its contractual obligations resulting in a loss to the Partnership. Credit policies have been approved and implemented to govern the Partnership’s portfolio of counterparties with the objective of mitigating credit losses. These policies establish guidelines, controls and limits to manage credit risk within approved tolerances by mandating an appropriate evaluation of the financial condition of existing and potential counterparties, monitoring agency credit ratings, and by implementing credit practices that limit exposure according to the risk profiles of the counterparties. Furthermore, the Partnership may, at times, require collateral under certain circumstances to mitigate credit risk as necessary. The Partnership also uses industry standard commercial agreements which allow for the netting of exposures associated with transactions executed under a single commercial agreement. Additionally, we utilize master netting agreements to offset credit exposure across multiple commercial agreements with a single counterparty or affiliated group of counterparties.
