MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(2) See the Operating Income table above and the related footnotes for more information. Within earnings per share, taxes related to the JDE Peet's transaction are included in costs associated with the JDE Peet's transaction. 
(3) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses, partial or full sales of equity method investments and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, we reflected the impact of prior-quarter sales of KDP and JDE Peet’s shares within divested results as if the sales occurred at the beginning of all periods presented. 
(8) Includes our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring program costs.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in millions).  
The Company’s loss carry-forwards were reported on the consolidated balance sheets as follows (in millions).  
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits (without related interest and penalty amounts) is as follows (in millions).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
These federal, regional and state measures generally apply to industrial sources (including facilities in the oil and gas sector) and suppliers and distributors of fuel, and could increase the operating and compliance costs of our pipelines, natural gas processing facilities, fractionation plants and other facilities, and the costs of certain sale and distribution activities. These regulations could also adversely affect market demand and pricing for products handled by our midstream network, by affecting the price of, or reducing the demand for, fossil fuels or providing competitive advantages to competing fuels and energy sources. The potential increase in the costs of our operations could include costs to operate and maintain our facilities, install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our greenhouse gas emissions, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions, or administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program. While we may be able to include some or all of such increased costs in the rates charged by our pipelines or other facilities, such recovery of costs is uncertain and may depend on events beyond our control, including the outcome of future rate proceedings before the FERC and the provisions of any final regulations.
Finally, changes in regulatory policies or market preferences that result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products that are deemed to contribute to greenhouse gases, or restrictions on their use, may reduce volumes available to us for processing, transportation, marketing and storage.
Within their respective market areas, our natural gas processing facilities and related NGL marketing activities encounter competition primarily from independent processors, major integrated oil companies, and financial institutions with commodity trading platforms. Each of our marketing competitors has varying levels of financial and personnel resources, and competition generally revolves around price, quality of customer service and proximity to customers and other market hubs. In the markets served by our NGL pipelines, we compete with a number of intrastate and interstate pipeline companies (including those affiliated with major oil, petrochemical and natural gas companies) and barge, rail and truck fleet operations. In general, our NGL pipelines compete with these entities in terms of transportation fees, reliability and quality of customer service.
