ALLSTATE CORP report:
We retain primary liability as a direct insurer for all risks ceded to reinsurers. We continuously monitor the creditworthiness of reinsurers in order to determine our risk of recoverability on an individual and aggregate basis. In connection with the adoption of the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments accounting standard in 2020, the method of calculating the allowance for reinsurance recoverables changed. See Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for additional details. No reinsurance recoverables have been written off in the three-years ended December 31, 2020. 
Overview and strategy The return on our investment portfolios is an important component of our ability to offer good value to customers, fund business improvements and create value for shareholders. Investment portfolios are held for Property-Liability, Protection Services, Allstate Life, Allstate Benefits, Allstate Annuities, and Corporate and Other operations. While taking into consideration the investment portfolio in aggregate, management of the underlying portfolios is significantly influenced by the nature of each respective business and its corresponding liability profile. For each business, we identify a strategic asset allocation which considers both the nature of the liabilities and the risk and return characteristics of the various asset classes in which we invest. This allocation is informed by our long-term business and market expectations, as well as other considerations such as risk appetite, portfolio diversification, duration, desired liquidity and capital. Within appropriate ranges relative to strategic allocations, tactical allocations are made in consideration of prevailing and potential future market conditions. We manage risks that involve uncertainty related to interest rates, credit spreads, equity returns and currency exchange rates. 
The Property-Liability portfolio emphasizes protection of principal and consistent income generation, within a total return framework. This approach has produced competitive returns over the long term and is designed to ensure financial strength and stability for paying claims, while maximizing economic value and surplus growth. Products with lower liquidity needs, such as auto insurance and discontinued lines and coverages, and capital create capacity to invest in less liquid higher yielding fixed income securities, performance-based investments such as limited partnerships and equity securities. Products with higher liquidity needs, such as homeowners insurance, are invested primarily in high quality liquid fixed income securities.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We own or have licenses to various patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business. We actively pursue the filing and registration of patents, copyrights, trademarks and domain names to protect our intellectual property rights within the United States and abroad. We also actively grant licenses, in exchange for appropriate fees or other consideration and subject to appropriate safeguards and restrictions, to other companies that enable them to utilize certain of our intellectual property rights and proprietary technology as part of their products and services. Such licenses enable the licensees to take advantage of Verizon's brands and the results of Verizon’s research and development efforts. While these licenses result in valuable consideration for Verizon, we do not believe that the loss of such consideration, or the expiration of any of our intellectual property rights, would have a material effect on our results of operations. 
We periodically receive offers from third parties to purchase or obtain licenses for patents and other intellectual property rights in exchange for royalties or other payments. We also periodically receive notices alleging that our products or services infringe on third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. These claims, whether against us directly or against third-party suppliers of products or services that we sell to our customers, if successful, could require us to pay damages or royalties, rebrand, or cease offering the relevant products or services. 
Verizon operates in a regulated and highly competitive market, as described above. Some of our competitors are subject to fewer regulatory constraints than Verizon. For many services offered by Verizon, the FCC is our primary regulator. The FCC has jurisdiction over interstate telecommunications services and other matters under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (Communications Act or Act). Other Verizon services are subject to state and local regulation.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The estimated life for the stock options was based on an analysis of historical exercise activity. The risk-free interest rate is based on the rate for a U.S. government security with the same estimated life at the time of the option grant and the stock purchase rights. 
The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option pricing model. 
The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option pricing model.
