ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2019, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $ 68 million of tax expense resulting from tax legislation enacted in the fourth quarter of 2019 in India. In 2018, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $ 98 million of net tax expense related to the settlement of Abbott’s 2014-2016 federal income tax audit in the U.S., partial settlement of the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group’s 2014 and 2015 federal income tax returns in the U.S. and audit settlements in various countries. In 2017, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $ 435 million of tax expense related to the gain on the sale of the AMO business.
Undistributed foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable. In the U.S., Abbott’s federal income tax returns through 2016 are settled except for the federal income tax returns of the former Alere consolidated group which are settled through 2015 and the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group which are settled through 2013. There are numerous other income tax jurisdictions for which tax returns are not yet settled, none of which are individually significant. Reserves for interest and penalties are not significant.
The following table summarizes the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits without regard to reduction in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such unrecognized tax benefits were settled:

SALESFORCE INC report:
Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers’ needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. As a result of customer feedback, in fiscal 2023 we developed Genie, which allows our customers to ingest, transform, harmonize, unify and visualize data across all of our industry solutions in real time. 
Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transactions. We have long and short-term product purchase obligations for commodities with third-party suppliers. These purchase obligations are entered into at either variable or fixed prices. The purchase prices that we are obligated to pay under variable price contracts approximate market prices at the time we take delivery of the volumes. The purchase prices that we are obligated to pay under fixed price contracts are established at the inception of the contract. We have material purchase commitments for crude oil; as of December 31, 2022, those purchase commitments totaled an estimated $39.65 billion (of which $16.17 billion would be due in 2023) based on either the current market price for variable price contracts or the contracted price for fixed price contracts. 
(1) Includes capital expenditures related to the Partnership’s proportionate ownership of the Bakken, Rover and Bayou Bridge pipeline joint ventures, as well as the Orbit Gulf Coast NGL Exports joint venture. 
The assets used in our natural gas and liquids operations, including pipelines, gathering systems and related facilities, are generally long-lived assets and do not require significant maintenance capital expenditures. Accordingly, we do not have any significant financial commitments for maintenance capital expenditures in our businesses. From time to time we experience increases in pipe costs due to a number of reasons, including but not limited to, delays from steel mills, limited selection of mills capable of producing large diameter pipe timely, higher steel prices and other factors beyond our control. However, we include these factors in our anticipated growth capital expenditures for each year.
