SALESFORCE INC report:
Targeting vertical industries. To better meet the needs of our customers, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, government, manufacturing, consumer goods and philanthropy. These solutions help to expand our potential customer base and help to attract new customers. 
Expanding into new categories. As part of our growth strategy we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, e-commerce, Internet of Things (“IoT”) and integration, and expect to continue this type of category expansion in the future. 
Expanding and strengthening our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries, offer a variety of solutions natively and through the AppExchange, and address the business requirements of both current and future customers.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Global Smart Logistics Network. We believe that our integrated global air and ground network is the most extensive in the industry. We provide all types of package services (air, ground, domestic, international, commercial and residential) through a single pickup and delivery network. Our sophisticated engineering systems allow us to optimize network efficiency and asset utilization. 
Global Presence. We serve more than 220 countries and territories. We have a significant presence in all of the world’s major economies, allowing us to effectively and efficiently operate around the world. 
Cutting-Edge Technologies. We are a global leader in developing technologies that help our customers enhance their shipping and logistics business processes to lower costs, improve service and increase efficiency. We offer a variety of digital tools that enable our customers to integrate UPS functionality into their distribution channels, deepening our customer relationships. These tools allow our customers to send, manage and track their shipments, and also provide their customers with value-added data.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Under the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $ 46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an Abbott stock price of $ 39.36 , which reflects the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $ 81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total purchase consideration of $ 23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $ 2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.
In 2016, Abbott and St. Jude Medical agreed to sell certain businesses to Terumo Corporation (Terumo) for approximately $ 1.12 billion. The sale included the St. Jude Medical Angio-Seal™ and Femoseal™ vascular closure and Abbott’s Vado ® Steerable Sheath businesses. The sale closed on January 20, 2017 and no gain or loss was recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
On October 3, 2017, Abbott acquired Alere, a diagnostic device and service provider, for $ 51.00 per common share in cash, which equated to a purchase price of approximately $ 4.5 billion. As part of the acquisition, Abbott tendered for Alere’s preferred shares for a total value of approximately $ 0.7 billion. In addition, approximately $ 3.0 billion of Alere’s debt was assumed and subsequently repaid. The acquisition establishes Abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expands Abbott’s global diagnostics presence and provides access to new products, channels and geographies. Abbott utilized a combination of cash on hand and debt to fund the acquisition. See Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit for further details regarding the debt utilized for the acquisition.
