MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facilities, short-term borrowings and our authorized long-term financing will continue to provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures and future payments of our contractual, tax and benefit plan obligations and payments for acquisitions, share repurchases and quarterly dividends. We expect to continue to utilize our commercial paper program and international credit lines as needed. We continually evaluate long-term debt issuances to meet our short- and longer-term funding requirements. We also use intercompany loans with our international subsidiaries to improve financial flexibility. Our investments in JDE Peet's and KDP also provide us additional flexibility. Overall, we do not expect negative effects to our funding sources that would have a material effect on our liquidity, and to date, we have been successful in raising financing as needed, including during the pandemic, and generally on favorable terms. However, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, if a serious economic or credit market crisis ensues, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
Our most significant ongoing short-term cash requirements relate primarily to funding operations (including expenditures for raw materials, labor, manufacturing and distribution, trade and promotions, advertising and marketing, tax liabilities, benefit plan obligations and lease expenses) as well as periodic expenditures for acquisitions, shareholder returns (such as dividend payments and share repurchases) and property, plant and equipment. 
Long-term cash requirements primarily relate to funding long-term debt repayments (refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements ), our U.S. tax reform transition tax liability and deferred taxes (refer to Note 16, Income Taxes ), our long-term benefit plan obligations (refer to Note 11, Benefit Plans ) and commodity-related purchase commitments and derivative contracts (refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments ).

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In addition, as noted above, the rates, terms and conditions for shipments of crude oil, NGLs or products on our pipelines could be subject to regulation by the FERC under the ICA and the EPAct of 1992 if the crude oil, NGLs or products are transported in interstate or foreign commerce whether by our pipelines or other means of transportation. Since we do not control the entire transportation path of all crude oil, NGLs or products shipped on our pipelines, FERC regulation could be triggered by our customers’ transportation decisions. 
Regulation of Pipeline Safety.   Our pipeline operations are subject to regulation by the DOT, through PHMSA, pursuant to the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968, as amended (“NGPSA”), with respect to natural gas and the Hazardous Liquids Pipeline Safety Act of 1979, as amended (“HLPSA”), with respect to crude oil, NGLs and condensates. The NGPSA and HLPSA, as amended, govern the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of natural gas as well as crude oil, NGL and condensate pipeline facilities. Pursuant to these acts, PHMSA has promulgated regulations governing pipeline wall thickness, design pressures, maximum operating pressures, pipeline patrols and leak surveys, minimum depth requirements, and emergency procedures, as well as other matters intended to ensure adequate protection for the public and to prevent accidents and failures. Additionally, PHMSA has established a series of rules requiring pipeline operators to develop and implement integrity management programs for certain gas and hazardous liquid pipelines that, in the event of a pipeline leak or rupture, could affect high consequence areas (“HCAs”), which are areas where a release could have the most significant adverse consequences, including high population areas, certain drinking water sources and unusually sensitive ecological areas. Failure to comply with the pipeline safety laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory, remedial or corrective action obligations, the occurrence of delays in permitting or the performance of projects, or the issuance of injunctions limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations in the affected area. 
The HLPSA and NGPSA have been amended by the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (“2011 Pipeline Safety Act”) and the Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2016 (“2016 Pipeline Safety Act”). The 2011 Pipeline Safety Act increased the penalties for safety violations, established additional safety requirements for newly constructed pipelines and required studies of safety issues that could result in the adoption of new regulatory requirements by PHMSA for existing pipelines. The 2011 Pipeline Safety Act doubled the maximum administrative fines for safety violations from $100,000 to $200,000 for a single violation and from $1 million to $2 million for a related series of violations, but provided that these maximum penalty caps do not apply to certain civil enforcement actions. In January 2021, PHMSA issued a final rule increasing those maximum civil penalties to $222,504 per day, with a maximum of $2,225,034 for a series of violations. Upon reauthorization of PHMSA, Congress often directs the agency to complete certain rulemakings. For

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
International Networks' largest cost is content expense for localized programming. While our International Networks segment maximizes the use of programming from U.S. Networks, we also develop local programming that is tailored to individual market preferences and license the rights to air films, television series and sporting events from third parties. Content acquired from U.S. Networks and content developed locally airing on the same network is amortized similarly, as amortization rates vary by network. 
While International Networks and U.S. Networks have similarities with respect to the nature of operations, the generation of revenue and the categories of expense, International Networks have a lower segment margin due to lower economies of scale from being in over 220 markets which requires additional cost for localization to satisfy market variations. International Networks also include sports and FTA broadcast channels, which drive higher costs from sports rights and production and investment in broad entertainment programming for broadcast networks. 
Our content development strategy is designed to increase viewership, maintain innovation and quality leadership, and provide value for our network distributors and advertising customers. Our content is sourced from a wide range of third-party producers, which include some of the world’s leading nonfiction production companies, as well as independent producers and wholly-owned production studios.
