WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents the Company’s revenues disaggregated by revenue source (in millions). Management uses these categories of revenue to evaluate the performance of its businesses and to assess its financial results and forecasts. 
Receivables include amounts currently due from customers and are presented net of an estimate for lifetime expected credit losses. Allowance for credit losses is measured using historical loss rates for the respective risk categories and incorporating forward-looking estimates. To assess collectability, the Company analyzes market trends, economic conditions, the aging of receivables and customer specific risks, and records a provision for estimated credit losses expected over the lifetime of receivables. The corresponding expense for the expected credit losses is reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses. The Company does not require collateral with respect to trade receivables. 
The Company’s accounts receivable balances and the related credit losses arise primarily from distribution and advertising revenue. The Company monitors ongoing credit exposure through active review of customers’ financial conditions, aging of receivable balances, historical collection trends, and expectations about relevant future events that may significantly affect collectability.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Key sales terms, such as pricing and quantities ordered, are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such, we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We generally do not have any unbilled receivables at the end of a period. Deferred revenues are not material and primarily include customer advance payments typically collected a few days before product delivery, at which time deferred revenues are reclassified and recorded as net revenues. We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods nor do we grant payment financing terms greater than one year. 
We promote our products with marketing and advertising programs. These programs include, but are not limited to, cooperative advertising, in-store displays and consumer marketing promotions. For interim reporting purposes, advertising, consumer promotion and marketing research expenses are charged to operations as a percentage of volume, based on estimated sales volume and estimated program spending. We do not defer costs on our year-end consolidated balance sheet and all marketing and advertising costs are recorded as an expense in the year incurred. Advertising expense was $ 1,208 million in 2019 , $ 1,173 million in 2018 and $ 1,248 million in 2017 . We expense product research and development costs as incurred. Research and development expense was $ 351 million in 2019 , $ 362 million in 2018 and $ 366 million in 2017 . We record marketing and advertising as well as research and development expenses within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
Stock-based compensation awarded to employees and non-employee directors is valued at fair value on the grant date. We record stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period, generally three years. Forfeitures are estimated on the grant date for all of our stock-based compensation awards.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The EPAct of 1992 required the FERC to establish a simplified and generally applicable methodology to adjust tariff rates for inflation for interstate petroleum pipelines. As a result, the FERC adopted an indexing rate methodology which, as currently in effect, allows common carriers to change their rates within prescribed ceiling levels that are tied to changes in the Producer Price Index for Finished Goods, or PPI-FG. The FERC’s indexing methodology is subject to review every five years. 
In December 2020, FERC issued an order setting the indexed rate at PPI-FG plus 0.78% during the five-year period commencing July 1, 2021 and ending June 30, 2026. The Commission received requests for rehearing of its December 17, 2020 order and on January 20, 2022, granted rehearing and modified the oil index. Specifically, for the five-year period commencing July 1, 2021 and ending June 30, 2026, FERC-regulated liquids pipelines charging indexed rates are permitted to adjust their indexed ceilings annually by PPI-FG minus 0.21%. FERC directed liquids pipelines to recompute their ceiling levels for July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022 based on the new index level. Where an oil pipeline’s filed rates exceed its ceiling levels, FERC ordered such oil pipelines to reduce the rate to bring it into compliance with the recomputed ceiling level to be effective March 1, 2022. The indexing methodology is applicable to existing rates, including grandfathered rates, with the exclusion of market-based rates. A pipeline is not required to raise its rates up to the index ceiling, but it is permitted to do so and rate increases made under the index are presumed to be just and reasonable unless a protesting party can demonstrate that the portion of the rate increase resulting from application of the index is substantially in excess of the pipeline’s increase in costs. Under the indexing rate methodology, in any year in which the index is negative, pipelines must file to lower their rates if those rates would otherwise be above the rate ceiling. 
Finally, in November 2017, the FERC responded to a petition for declaratory order and issued an order that may have significant impacts on the way a marketer of crude oil or petroleum products that is affiliated with an interstate pipeline can price its services if those services include transportation on an affiliate’s interstate pipeline. In particular, the FERC’s November 2017 order prohibits buy/sell arrangements by a marketing affiliate if: (i) the transportation differential applicable to its affiliate’s interstate pipeline transportation service is at a discount to the affiliated pipeline’s filed rate for that service; and (ii) the pipeline affiliate subsidizes the loss. Several parties have requested that the FERC clarify its November 2017 order or, in the alternative, grant rehearing of the November 2017 order. The FERC extended the time frame to respond to such requests in January 2018 but has not yet taken final action. We are unable to predict how the FERC will respond to such requests. Depending on how the FERC responds, it could have an impact on the rates we are permitted to charge.
