WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Quarterly, the Company prepares analyses to support its content amortization expense. Critical assumptions used in determining content amortization include: (i) the grouping of content with similar characteristics, (ii) the application of a quantitative revenue forecast model or viewership model based on the adequacy of historical data, (iii) determining the appropriate historical periods to utilize and the relative weighting of those historical periods in the forecast model, (iv) assessing the accuracy of the Company's forecasts and (v) incorporating secondary streams. The Company then considers the appropriate application of the quantitative assessment given forecasted content use, expected content investment and market trends. Content use and future revenues may differ from estimates based on changes in expectations related to market acceptance, network affiliate fee rates, advertising demand, the number of cable and satellite television subscribers receiving the Company’s networks, the number of subscribers to its digital services, and program usage. Accordingly, the Company continually reviews its estimates and planned usage and revises its assumptions if necessary. Any material adjustments from the Company’s review of the amortization rates are applied prospectively in the period of the change for assets in film groups, which represent the largest proportion of the Company's content assets. 
The result of the content amortization analysis is either an accelerated method or a straight-line amortization method over the estimated useful lives of generally two to five years . Amortization of capitalized costs for produced and coproduced content begins when a program has been aired. Amortization of capitalized costs for licensed content generally commences when the license period begins and the program is available for use. The Company allocates the cost of multi-year sports programming arrangements over the contract period of each event or season based on the estimated relative value of each event or season. Amortization of sports rights takes place when the content airs. 
Capitalized content costs are stated at the lower of cost less accumulated amortization or fair value. Content assets (produced, coproduced and licensed) are predominantly monetized as a group on the Company’s linear networks and digital content offerings. For content assets that are predominantly monetized within film groups, the Company evaluates the fair value of content in aggregate at the group level by considering expected future revenue generation typically by using a discounted cash flow ("DCF") analysis when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized costs. Estimates of future revenues consider historical airing patterns and future plans for airing content, including any changes in strategy. Given the significant estimates and judgments involved, actual demand or market conditions may be less favorable than those projected, requiring a write-down to fair value. Programming and development costs for programs that the Company has determined will not be produced, are fully expensed in the period the determination is made. The Company’s film groups are generally aligned along the Company’s networks and digital content offerings except for certain international territories wherein content assets are shared across the various networks in the territory and therefore, the territory is the film group. The Company’s rights to the Olympic Games are predominantly monetized on their own as the sublicensing of the rights in certain territories is a significant component of the monetization strategy. Beginning in 2020, all content rights and prepaid license fees are classified as a noncurrent asset, with the exception of content acquired with an initial license period of 12 months or less and prepaid sports rights expected to air within 12 months. (See "Accounting and Reporting Pronouncements Adopted" below and Note 6.)

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates . Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates excludes the same items with respect to the unconsolidated affiliate as those excluded from the calculation of Segment Adjusted EBITDA, such as interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization and other non-cash items. Although these amounts are excluded from Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates, such exclusion should not be understood to imply that we have 
control over the operations and resulting revenues and expenses of such affiliates. We do not control our unconsolidated affiliates; therefore, we do not control the earnings or cash flows of such affiliates. 
In the following analysis of segment operating results, a measure of segment margin is reported for segments with sales revenues. Segment margin is a non-GAAP financial measure and is presented herein to assist in the analysis of segment operating results and particularly to facilitate an understanding of the impacts that changes in sales revenues have on the segment performance measure of Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Segment margin is similar to the GAAP measure of gross margin, except that segment margin excludes charges for depreciation, depletion and amortization. Among the GAAP measures reported by the Partnership, the most directly comparable measure to segment margin is Segment Adjusted EBITDA; a reconciliation of segment margin to Segment Adjusted EBITDA is included in the following tables for each segment where segment margin is presented.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Our NGL Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities, NGL pipelines, NGL fractionation facilities, NGL and related product storage facilities, and NGL marine terminals.
 • Our Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas pipeline systems that provide for the gathering, treating and transportation of natural gas. This segment also includes our natural gas marketing activities.
Our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment includes our (i) propylene production facilities, which include propylene fractionation units and a PDH facility, and related pipelines and marketing activities, (ii) butane isomerization complex and related deisobutanizer (“DIB”) operations, (iii) octane enhancement, iBDH and HPIB production facilities, (iv) refined products pipelines, terminals and related marketing activities, (v) an ethylene export terminal and related operations; and (vi) marine transportation business.
