MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The assets acquired and liabilities assumed upon the acquisition or consolidation of a business are recorded at fair value, with the residual of the purchase price allocated to goodwill. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. The results of operations of an acquired business are included in our operating results from the date of acquisition. 
Further, certain of our acquisitions may include earn-out provisions or other forms of contingent consideration. As of the acquisition date, we record contingent consideration, as applicable, at the estimated fair value of expected future payments associated with the earn-out. Any changes to the recorded fair value of contingent consideration will be recognized as expenses or earnings in the period in which they occur. 
Equity method investments consist of our investments in entities in which we maintain an equity ownership interest and apply the equity method of accounting due to our ability to exert significant influence over decisions relating to their operating and financial affairs. Revenue and expenses of our equity method investees are not consolidated into our financial statements; rather, our proportionate share of the earnings of each investee is reflected as equity method investment net earnings. The carrying values of our equity method investments are also impacted by our proportionate share of items impacting the investee's accumulated other comprehensive income or losses and other items, such as our share of investee dividends.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
LCL, our wholly-owned subsidiary, is in the process of developing an LNG liquefaction project at the site of our Lake Charles LNG import terminal and regasification facility. The liquefaction facility would be constructed on 440 acres of land, of which 80 acres are owned by Lake Charles LNG and the remaining acres are to be leased by LCL under a long-term lease from the Lake Charles Harbor and Terminal District. The liquefaction project is expected to consist of three LNG trains with a combined design nameplate outlet capacity of 16.45 metric tonnes per annum. Once completed, the liquefaction project will enable LCL to liquefy domestically produced natural gas and export it as LNG. On June 18, 2017, LCL signed a memorandum of understanding with Korea Gas Corporation and Shell to study the feasibility of a joint development of the Lake Charles liquefaction project. LCL and Shell are actively involved in a variety of activities related to the development of the project. LCL has also been marketing LNG offtake to numerous potential customers in Asia and Europe. 
The export of LNG produced by the liquefaction project from the United States would be undertaken under long-term export authorizations issued by the DOE to LCL. In March 2013, LCL obtained a DOE authorization to export LNG to countries with which the United States has or will have Free Trade Agreements (“FTA”) for trade in natural gas (the “FTA Authorization”). In July 2016, LCL also obtained a conditional DOE authorization to export LNG to countries that do not have an FTA for trade in natural gas (the “Non-FTA Authorization”). The FTA Authorization and Non-FTA Authorization have 25- and 20-year terms, respectively. In addition, LCL received its wetlands permits from the United States Army Corps of Engineers (“USACE”) to perform wetlands mitigation work and to perform modification and dredging work for the temporary and permanent dock facilities at the Lake Charles LNG facilities. 
The Southeast Texas System is an integrated system that gathers, compresses, treats, processes, dehydrates and transports natural gas from the Austin Chalk trend and Eagle Ford shale formation. The Southeast Texas System is a large natural gas gathering system covering thirteen counties between Austin and Houston. This system is connected to the Katy Hub through the ETC Katy Pipeline and is also connected to the Oasis Pipeline. The Southeast Texas System includes two natural gas processing plants (La Grange and Alamo) with aggregate capacity of 410 MMcf/d . The La Grange and Alamo processing plants are natural gas processing plants that process the rich gas that flows through our gathering system to produce residue gas and NGLs. Residue gas is delivered into our intrastate pipelines and NGLs are delivered into our NGL pipelines to Lone Star.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Content rights principally consist of television series, specials, films and sporting events. Costs of produced and coproduced content consist of development costs, acquired production costs, direct production costs, certain production overhead costs and participation costs and are capitalized if we have previously generated revenues from similar content in established markets and the content will be used and revenues will be generated for a period of at least one year. 
Linear content amortization expense for each period is recognized based on the revenue forecast model, which approximates the proportion that estimated distribution and advertising revenues for the current period represent in relation to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues. Digital content amortization for each period is recognized based on estimated viewing patterns as there are no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets and therefore, number of views is most representative of the use of the title. Judgment is required to determine the useful lives and amortization patterns of our content assets. 
Critical assumptions used in determining content amortization include: (i) the grouping of content with similar characteristics, (ii) the application of a quantitative revenue forecast model or viewership model based on the adequacy of historical data, (iii) determining the appropriate historical periods to utilize and the relative weighting of those historical periods in the forecast model, (iv) assessing the accuracy of our forecasts and (v) incorporating secondary streams. We then consider the appropriate application of the quantitative assessment given forecasted content use, expected content investment and market trends. Content use and future revenues may differ from estimates based on changes in expectations related to market acceptance, network affiliate fee rates, advertising demand, the number of cable and satellite television subscribers receiving our networks, the number of subscribers to our digital services, and program usage. Accordingly, we continually review our estimates and planned usage and revise our assumptions if necessary.
