ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Use of Estimates . The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the accrual for and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The natural gas industry conducts its business by processing actual transactions at the end of the month following the month of delivery. Consequently, the most current month’s financial results for the midstream, NGL and intrastate transportation and storage segments are estimated using volume estimates and market prices. Any differences between estimated results and actual results are recognized in the following month’s financial statements. Management believes that the operating results estimated for the year ended December 31, 2019 represent the actual results in all material respects. 
Some of the other significant estimates made by management include, but are not limited to, the timing of certain forecasted transactions that are hedged, the fair value of derivative instruments, useful lives for depreciation, depletion and amortization, purchase accounting allocations and subsequent realizability of intangible assets, fair value measurements used in the goodwill impairment test, market value of inventory, assets and liabilities resulting from the regulated ratemaking process, contingency reserves and environmental reserves. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Revenue Recognition . Revenues for sales of natural gas and NGLs are recognized at the later of the time of delivery of the product to the customer or the time of sale. Revenues from service labor, transportation, treating, compression and gas processing, are recognized upon completion of the service. Transportation capacity payments are recognized when earned in the period the capacity is made available.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In connection with the acquisition of Scripps Networks, we recorded reserves in purchase accounting totaling $110 million for foreign tax matters claimed by tax authorities that are currently pending resolution. After the purchase accounting measurement period closes on March 5, 2019, any adjustment to these estimated amounts resulting from their resolution will affect net income in the period resolved. 
We evaluate the operating performance of our operating segments based on financial measures such as revenues and Adjusted OIBDA. Adjusted OIBDA is defined as operating income excluding: (i) mark-to-market share-based compensation, (ii) depreciation and amortization, (iii) restructuring and other charges, (iv) certain impairment charges, (v) gains and losses on business and asset dispositions, (vi) certain inter-segment eliminations related to production studios, and (vii) third-party transaction costs directly related to the acquisition and integration of Scripps Networks. We use this measure to assess the operating results and performance of our segments, perform analytical comparisons, identify strategies to improve performance, and allocate resources to each segment. We believe Adjusted OIBDA is relevant to investors because it allows them to analyze the operating performance of each segment using the same metric management uses. We exclude mark-to-market share-based compensation, restructuring and other charges, certain impairment charges, gains and losses on business and asset dispositions, and Scripps Networks acquisition and integration costs from the calculation of Adjusted OIBDA due to their impact on comparability between periods. We also exclude the depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets and deferred launch incentives as these amounts do not represent cash payments in the current reporting period. Certain corporate expenses and inter-segment eliminations related to production studios are excluded from segment results to enable executive management to evaluate segment performance based upon the decisions of segment executives. 
Adjusted OIBDA should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, operating income, net income and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”).

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
During the first quarter of 2018, in connection with adopting a new pension cost classification accounting standard, we reclassified certain of our benefit plan component costs other than service costs out of operating income into a new line item, benefit plan non-service income, on our consolidated statements of earnings. As such, we have recast our historical operating income and segment operating income to reflect this reclassification, which had no impact to earnings before income taxes or net earnings. 
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues from continuing operations in 2018 . Our five largest customers accounted for 16.8 % and our ten largest customers accounted for 23.0 % of net revenues from continuing operations in 2018 . 
Items impacting our segment operating results are discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , Note 4, Property, Plant and Equipment , Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , Note 7, Restructuring Program , and Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies . Also see Note 8, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , and Note 9, Financial Instruments , for more information on our interest and other expense, net for each period.
