SALESFORCE INC report:
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of Datorama's technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with Datorama customers. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating Datorama's technology with the Company's other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income taxes purposes. 
The Company assumed unvested options and restricted stock with a fair value of $ 170 million. Of the total consideration, $ 93 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 77 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our most significant routine estimates involve revenues and costs of certain natural gas processing facilities, pipeline transportation revenues, fractionation revenues, marketing revenues and related purchases, and power and utility costs. These types of transactions must be estimated since the actual amounts are generally unavailable at the time we complete our accounting close process. The estimates subsequently reverse in the next accounting period when the corresponding actual customer billing or vendor-invoiced amounts are recorded.
Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates, which could affect our reported financial statements and accompanying disclosures. Prior to issuing our financial statements, we review our revenue and expense estimates based on currently available information to determine if adjustments are required. Investors should be aware that actual results could differ from these estimates if the underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect.
The Partnership (the “Parent Guarantor”) has guaranteed the payment of principal and interest on the consolidated debt obligations of EPO (the “Subsidiary Issuer”), with the exception of the remaining debt obligations of TEPPCO Partners, L.P. (collectively, the “Guaranteed Debt”). If EPO were to default on any of its Guaranteed Debt, the Partnership would be responsible for full and unconditional repayment of such obligations. At December 31, 2020, the total amount of Guaranteed Debt was $30.59 billion, which was comprised of $27.5 billion of EPO’s senior notes, $2.63 billion of EPO’s junior subordinated notes and $455.6 million of related accrued interest.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
As described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, acquired in-process research & development (“IPR&D”) intangible assets were approximately $1.3 billion at December 31, 2019. IPR&D intangible assets are assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators suggest the fair value of the IPR&D intangible asset may be below its carrying value. Auditing the fair value estimate of IPR&D intangible assets is complex because the estimate involves making assumptions about the timing and amount of forecasted future net cash flows of the related IPR&D projects, as well as the risk associated with the forecasted future net cash flows. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s IPR&D intangible asset impairment assessment, as well as its process for identification of events that indicate an IPR&D intangible asset may be impaired. This included controls over management's review of the valuation model and the significant assumptions (e.g., discount rate, projected research and development (“R&D”) costs, probability of technical success, projected revenues and product profitability) used to develop the prospective financial information (PFI). 
To test the fair value of the Company’s IPR&D intangible assets, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company's use of the income approach, testing the significant assumptions described above used to develop the prospective financial information and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. For example, we compared certain significant assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, historical results of the Company's business and other guideline companies within the same industry and to other relevant factors. We performed a sensitivity analysis of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value of the IPR&D assets resulting from changes in the assumptions. We also involved our valuation specialists to assist in testing certain significant assumptions in the fair value estimate. In addition, to evaluate the probability of technical success, we considered the phase of development of the IPR&D project and the Company's history of obtaining regulatory approvals.
