MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise across our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. See Note 18, Segment Reporting, for additional information on our segments and Items Affecting Comparability of Financial Results earlier in this section for items affecting our segment operating results. 
Net revenues decreased $541 million (17.9%), due to unfavorable currency (18.1 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (7.5 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (7.7 pp). Unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Brazilian real, Argentinean peso and Mexican peso. Unfavorable volume/mix was due to the negative volume impact from the COVID-19 outbreak as well as the impact of pricing-related elasticity. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in gum and candy, partially offset by gains in cheese & grocery, chocolate, refreshment beverages and biscuits. Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our segment presentation was aligned with our management structure and the financial information management uses to make decisions about operating matters, such as the allocation of resources and business performance assessments. Prior periods have been recast to conform to the current period presentation. 
During 2022, we exited our operations in Russia and removed all of our channels and services from the market. We do not expect these actions to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
For further discussion of financial information for our segments and the geographical areas in which we do business, our content development activities, and revenues, see our business overview set forth in Item 1, “Business” and Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Midland- to-ECHO System supports Permian Basin crude oil production by providing producers and other shippers with transportation solutions that are both cost-efficient and operationally flexible. After aggregating crude at our Midland terminal, the system has the capability to transport multiple grades of crude oil, including West Texas Intermediate (“WTI”), WTI light sweet crude oil (“West Texas Light”), West Texas Sour, and condensate, to our Enterprise Crude Houston (“ECHO”) storage terminal (using batched shipments to safeguard crude quality) for further delivery to markets along the Gulf Coast. Using the ECHO terminal, shippers on the Midland-to-ECHO System have access to every refinery in Houston, Texas City, Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas, as well as our crude oil export terminal facilities. 
The Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 418 miles to our Sealy storage terminal. Volumes arriving at Sealy are then transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline, which is a component of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System. The Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline has an approximate maximum transportation capacity of up to 620 MBPD, depending on certain operational variables.
The Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 444 miles to our Sealy terminal, with crude oil volumes arriving at Sealy transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline. The Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline was created by converting the Midland-to-Sealy segment of one of our two Seminole NGL pipelines from NGL service to crude oil service. We retain the flexibility to convert this pipeline back to NGL service should future market conditions support the need for additional NGL transportation capacity out of the Permian Basin. The Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline has an approximate maximum transportation capacity of up to 225 MBPD, depending on certain operational variables.
