SALESFORCE INC report:
• vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors or e-commerce solutions vendors; 
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services. 
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the accelerated shift to cloud and hosted service offerings and customer experience management solutions. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Coronavirus resulted in governments worldwide enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including travel restrictions, government-imposed shelter-in-place orders, quarantine periods, social distancing, and restrictions on large gatherings. These measures moderated in 2021 as vaccines have become more widely available in the United States and Canada. There is no way of predicting with certainty how long the pandemic might last. We continue to closely monitor and proactively adapt to developments and changing conditions. Currently, it is not possible to reliably estimate the impact to our operations, but the effects have been and could be material. 
Certain growth and profitability comparisons to the prior year were impacted, in part, by the effects the Coronavirus had on our prior year results. Beginning in March 2020, when shelter-in-place orders and other restrictions were initiated, and throughout 2020, we experienced lower accident claim frequency and different claim patterns than historically experienced. Claim frequency increased in 2021, but remains below pre-pandemic levels. 
The Coronavirus has affected our operations and may continue to significantly affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The impact from the pandemic should be considered when comparing the current year to the prior year, including:

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Display Advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage a comprehensive set of proprietary data signals to identify and engage the right users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through Verizon Media platforms, we provide advertisers the ability to programmatically buy and measure advertising across all screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services; and to buy advertising inventory using traditional advertising sales methods. 
As the digital platform reshapes the delivery of media and entertainment content, there is an increasing need for a stable, high-quality video delivery platform. Verizon Digital Media Services (VDMS) offers a scalable platform for delivering content, including live broadcasts, video on demand, games, software and websites, to our customers on their devices at any time. This platform is targeted at media and entertainment companies and other businesses focused on delivering their digital products and services through the Internet. We also expect, through the VDMS platform, to support video initiatives and offerings, such as Fios and wireless, across the business. 
We have invested in converging technologies and services involving content delivery networks, video streaming and related consumer hardware to leverage new content models. Our wireless network enables us to move towards a unified video strategy that positions us to take advantage of this growth opportunity. We began using Multimedia Broadcast Multicast Service (MBMS) technology to develop our LTE Multicast service. MBMS has the potential to enhance our network efficiency and provide our customers with access to high-quality live streaming video content.
