BOEING CO report:
The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering, and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. We expect the market to grow by around 3.5% annually. 
As the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet continues to grow, so does demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of airplanes. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. Airlines continue to look for opportunities to reduce the size and cost of their spare parts inventory, frequently outsourcing spares management to third parties. 
Government services market segments are growing on pace with related fleets, but vary based on the utilization and age of the aircraft. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Over the next decade, we expect U.S. growth to remain flat and non-U.S. fleets, led by Middle East and Asia Pacific customers, to add rotorcraft and commercial derivative aircraft at the fastest rates. We expect less than 20 percent of the worldwide fleet of military aircraft to be retired and replaced over the next ten years, driving increased demand for services to maintain aging aircraft and enhance aircraft capability.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Adequacy of reserve estimates We believe our net claims and claims expense reserves are appropriately established based on available methodologies, facts, laws and regulations. Additionally, we rely on historical claims experience to inform the level of the recorded reserve. We calculate and record a single best reserve estimate, in conformance with generally accepted actuarial standards and practices, for each line of insurance, its components (coverages and perils) and state, for reported losses and for IBNR losses, and as a result we believe that no other estimate is better than our recorded amount. Due to the uncertainties involved, the ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded amounts, which are based on our best estimates. 
Characteristics of Run-off exposure Our exposure to asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims arise principally from assumed reinsurance coverage written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s, including reinsurance on primary insurance written on large U.S. companies, and from direct excess commercial insurance written from 1972 through 1985, including substantial excess general liability coverages on large U.S. companies. Additional exposure stems from direct primary commercial insurance written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s. Asbestos claims relate primarily to bodily injuries asserted by claimants who were exposed to asbestos or products containing asbestos. Environmental claims relate primarily to pollution and related clean-up costs. Other run-off claims exposures primarily relate to general liability and product liability mass tort claims, such as those for medical devices and other products, workers’ compensation claims and claims for various other coverage exposures other than asbestos and environmental. 
In 1986, the general liability policy form used by us and others in the property and casualty industry was amended to introduce an “absolute pollution exclusion,” which excluded coverage for environmental damage claims, and to add an asbestos exclusion. Most general liability policies issued prior to 1987 contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage. General liability policies issued in 1987 and thereafter contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage and annual aggregate limits for all coverages. Our experience to date is that these policy form changes have limited the extent of our exposure to environmental and asbestos claim risks.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The increase  in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase of $156 million  in employee-related costs, an increase  of $31 million  in stock-based expenses, an increase of $326 million  in service delivery costs, primarily due to our efforts to increase data center capacity, an increase  of amortization of purchased intangible assets of $49 million  and an increase of $26 million  in allocated overhead. We have increased our headcount by 16 percent  since January 31, 2018  to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, of which a component was also due to the acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2018. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. The timing of these expenses will affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in future periods. 
The cost of professional services and other revenues was $847 million  during fiscal 2019  resulting in positive  gross margin of $22 million . The cost of professional services and other revenues was $740 million  during fiscal 2018  resulting in positive  gross margins of $34 million . We expect the cost of professional services to be approximately in line with revenues from professional services in future fiscal quarters. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. 
The increase  in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase of approximately $216 million  in employee-related costs, an increase  of $47 million  in stock-based expenses, an increase in our development and test data center costs and allocated overhead. We increased our research and development headcount by 19 percent  since January 31, 2018  in order to improve and extend our service offerings, develop new technologies, and integrate acquired companies, including our acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2018. Additionally, a component of our increased headcount was also due to the acquisition of MuleSoft. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies.
