ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The discount rates used to measure liabilities were determined based on high-quality fixed income securities that match the duration of the expected retiree benefits. The health care cost trend rates represent Abbott’s expected annual rates of change in the cost of health care benefits and are forward projections of health care costs as of the measurement date.
Equities that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per week or month, with a required 2 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2021 and 2020. Fixed income securities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly, with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.
Absolute return funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2021 and 2020. Investments in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 90 days . For approximately $ 290 million and $ 150 million of the absolute return funds, redemptions are subject to a 33 percent gate and a 25 percent gate, respectively, and $ 50 million is subject to a lock until 2022. Investments in the private funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2022 to 2031. Abbott’s unfunded commitment in these funds was $ 585 million and $ 523 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
commitments totaling $96 million through April 2021 as of December 28, 2019 . These lock in approximately 50% of our projected diesel fuel purchase needs for the contracted periods. Our remaining fuel purchase needs will occur at market rates unless contracted for a fixed price or hedged at a later date. Using current published market price projections for diesel and estimated fuel consumption needs, a hypothetical 10% unfavorable change in diesel prices from the market price could result in approximately $9 million in additional fuel cost on such uncommitted volumes through April 2021. 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of US Foods Holding Corp. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 28, 2019 and December 29, 2018, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 28, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 28, 2019 and December 29, 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 28, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 13, 2020, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling. For example, we see significant opportunity to increase adoption of multiple offerings among our existing customers, including our largest enterprise customers and small businesses. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customer experience with new products, features and functionality and additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. We also seek to expand all editions of our offerings with new features, functions and increased security through our own development, acquisitions and partnerships. In addition, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to focus innovations and enhancements where our customers need it the most. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities globally. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to increase our investment in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Expanding into new categories and verticals. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories driven by our existing and potential customers’ needs, including analytics, e-commerce, collaboration, integration and workforce management, and expect to continue this type of category expansion in the future. For example, in fiscal 2022, as a result of customer input and demand, we introduced our Health & Safety Solution, or Dreampass, which helps companies safely return to work, travel, manage contact tracing, and also helps governments, healthcare providers, nonprofits, and organizations distribute vaccines around the world. We also introduced Net Zero Cloud, which helps customers analyze and report on their carbon footprint and provide actionable insights on emissions data in order to create long-term, sustainable value. In addition, to better meet the needs of our customers, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. These solutions help to expand our potential customer base and help to attract new customers.
