WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• Travel Channel is for the bold, daring and spontaneous: adventurers who embrace the thrill of the unexpected, risk-takers who aren’t afraid of a little mystery and anyone who loves a great story. 
• Content on Travel Channel includes Ghost Adventures , Destination Fear , Eli Roth Presents: A Ghost Ruined My Life, Expedition Bigfoot, Ghost Brothers: Lights Out, Kindred Spirits, Portals to Hell, and Paranormal Caught on Camera. 
• MotorTrend had approximately 75 million subscribers in the U.S. and approximately 152 million subscribers and viewers in international markets, where the brand is known as Turbo, as of December 31, 2021.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Examples of laws and regulations that affect our business include workplace safety regulations; selective food taxes; labeling requirements such as front-of-pack labeling based on nutrient profiles; sales or media and marketing restrictions such as those on promotions or advertising products with specified nutrient profiles on certain channels or platforms or during certain hours of the day; sanctions on sales or sourcing of raw materials; potential withdrawal of cross-border trade concessions as retaliation or imposition of new border barriers for other reasons; changes in the corporate tax policies of the United States and other countries; and packaging taxes. In addition, at least 25 countries in the European Union have implemented extended producer responsibility (“EPR”) policies as part of national packaging waste policies that make manufacturers responsible for the cost of recycling food and beverage packaging after consumers use it. These range from mandatory regulations to voluntary agreements between government and industry to voluntary industry initiatives. EPR policies are also being contemplated in other jurisdictions around the world, including certain states in the United States. 
Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multinational environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. We are also subject to legislation designed to reduce emissions from greenhouse gases, and many countries are considering introducing carbon taxes that could increase our production costs or those of our suppliers. 
We continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. Also refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for additional information on government regulations and currency-related impacts on our operations in the United Kingdom, Argentina and other countries.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our primary competitors in the NGL and related product storage business are major integrated oil companies, chemical companies and other storage and pipeline companies. We compete with other storage service providers primarily in terms of the fees charged, number of pipeline connections provided and operational dependability. Our export terminal operations compete with those operated by major oil and gas and chemical companies and other midstream service providers primarily in terms of loading and offloading throughput capacity and access to related pipeline and storage infrastructure.
We compete with a number of NGL fractionators in Kansas, Louisiana, New Mexico and Texas. Competition for such services is primarily based on the fractionation fee charged. However, the ability of an NGL fractionator to receive a customer’s mixed NGLs and store and distribute the resulting purity NGL products is also an important competitive factor and is a function of having the necessary pipeline and storage infrastructure.
Within their respective market areas, our crude oil pipelines, storage and marine terminals and related marketing activities compete with other crude oil pipeline companies, rail carriers, major integrated oil companies and their marketing affiliates, financial institutions with commodity trading platforms and independent crude oil gathering and marketing companies. The crude oil business can be characterized by intense competition for supplies of crude oil at the wellhead. Competition is based primarily on quality of customer service, competitive pricing and proximity to customers and market hubs.
