ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In order to fully understand the financial condition and results of operations of the Parent Company on a stand-alone basis, we have included discussions of Parent Company matters apart from those of our consolidated group. 
Our primary objective is to increase the level of our distributable cash flow to our unitholders over time by pursuing a business strategy that is currently focused on growing our subsidiaries’ natural gas and liquids businesses through, among other things, pursuing certain construction and expansion opportunities relating to our subsidiaries’ existing infrastructure and acquiring certain strategic operations and businesses or assets. The actual amounts of cash that we will have available for distribution will primarily depend on the amount of cash our subsidiaries generate from their operations. 
In May 2018, the Partnership converted its 329.3 million  Series A Convertible Preferred Units into approximately 79.1 million  ET common units in accordance with the terms of ET’s partnership agreement.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation complex increased $7.5 million year-to-year primarily due to higher fractionation volumes of 97 MBPD (net to our interest) resulting from the start-up of our ninth NGL fractionator in May 2018. The new fractionator, which is located in Chambers County, Texas, has a capacity of 90 MBPD, which increased total NGL fractionation capacity at our Mont Belvieu complex to 760 MBPD. 
Comparison of 2017 with 2016. Gross operating margin from NGL fractionation for 2017 increased a net $7.5 million when compared to 2016. Gross operating margin from our Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation complex increased a net $4.1 million primarily due to higher average fractionation fees and blending revenues, which accounted for a $50.8 million increase, partially offset by higher storage, maintenance and power expenses of $47.3 million. NGL fractionation volumes increased 9 MBPD year-to-year, net to our interest. 
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Crude Oil Pipelines & Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Subject to the prior preferences and other rights of any senior stock, holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will participate equally with common stockholders on an as converted to common stock basis in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors. 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Discovery, after payment of Discovery’s debts and liabilities and subject to the prior payment with respect to any stock ranking senior to Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, the holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will receive, before any payment or distribution is made to the holders of any common stock or other junior stock, an amount (in cash or property) equal to $ 0.01 per share. Following payment of such amount and the payment in full of all amounts owing to the holders of securities ranking senior to Discovery’s common stock, holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will share equally on an as converted to common stock basis with the holders of common stock with respect to any assets remaining for distribution to such holders. 
During the year ended December 31, 2019 , Advance Newhouse Programming Partnership converted 1.1 million of its Series C-1 convertible preferred stock into 22.0 million shares of Series C common stock.
