BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Interest income increased $26 million to $48 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to $22 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Interest expense decreased $22 million to $243 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to $265 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in net interest expense was primarily due to lower variable interest rates, as well as increased Interest income primarily driven by the positive resolution of an historical value-added tax matter, during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
Interest income decreased $9 million to $22 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $31 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. Interest expense decreased $74 million to $265 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $339 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The net decrease was the result of lower average interest rates on outstanding debt during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
Our main financial objectives are to prudently manage financial risks, ensure consistent access to liquidity and minimize cost of capital in order to efficiently finance our business and maintain balance sheet strength. We generally finance our ongoing operations with cash flows generated from operations, issuances of commercial paper, borrowings under various bilateral and syndicated revolving credit facilities, term loans and proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. Acquisitions and long-lived assets are generally financed with a combination of equity and long-term debt.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Insurance risk is the potential for loss due to adverse changes in actual or anticipated insurance claims experience (including claims adjustment expenses), net of reinsurance, and lost future profits. Insurance risk exposures include our operating results and financial condition, claims frequency and severity, and catastrophe and severe weather. 
• Stochastic methods: measure and monitor risks such as natural catastrophes and severe weather. We develop probabilistic estimates of risk based on our exposures, historical observed volatility or industry-recognized models in the case of catastrophe risk. 
Investment risk and return management addresses financial loss due to changes in the valuations of assets held in the Allstate investment portfolio. Such losses may be caused by macro developments, such as changes to interest rates, credit spreads and equity price levels, or could be specific to individual investments in the portfolio. These losses can encompass both daily market volatility and permanent impairments of capital due to credit defaults and equity write-downs.

BOEING CO report:
Contributions Required pension contributions under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ( ERISA ), as well as rules governing funding of our non-US pension plans, are not expected to be significant in 2019 . We do not expect to make contributions to our pension plans in 2019 . 
Estimated Future Benefit Payments The table below reflects the total pension benefits expected to be paid from the plans or from our assets, including both our share of the benefit cost and the participants’ share of the cost, which is funded by participant contributions. OPB payments reflect our portion only. 
Certain of the pension plans provide that, in the event there is a change in control of the Company which is not approved by the Board of Directors and the plans are terminated within five years thereafter, the assets in the plan first will be used to provide the level of retirement benefits required by ERISA , and then any surplus will be used to fund a trust to continue present and future payments under the postretirement medical and life insurance benefits in our group insurance benefit programs.
