SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: (1) subscription revenues, which are comprised of subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software licenses, and from customers paying for additional support beyond the standard support that is included in the basic subscription fees; and (2) related professional services such as process mapping, project management and implementation services. Other revenue consists primarily of training fees. 
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, for example, overage fees, contingent fees or service level penalties, the Company includes an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. 
With the May 2018 acquisition of MuleSoft, Inc. (“MuleSoft”) and the August 2019 acquisition of Tableau Software, Inc. (“Tableau”), subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term software licenses. On-premises software licenses purchased by customers provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from distinct licenses are generally recognized upfront when the software is made available to the

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Telematics-based insurance program, available in 49 states and the District of Columbia as of December 31, 2018, that uses a mobile application or an in-car device to capture driving behaviors and encourage safe driving. It provides customers with information and tools, incentives and driving challenges. For example, in most states, Allstate Rewards ® provides reward points for safe driving. 
In the U.S., we offer products through 10,700 Allstate exclusive agencies operating in 10,600 locations, supported by 26,900 licensed sales professionals, and 1,100 exclusive financial specialists. We also offer products through 2,700 independent agencies that are primarily in rural areas and through contact centers and online. In Canada, we offer Allstate brand products through 900 employee producers. 
Allstate exclusive agencies also support the Service Businesses, Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits segments through offering roadside assistance and protection plans, life insurance and voluntary benefits products.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
At December 31, 2020, undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries indefinitely invested outside the U.S. amounted to approximately $ 5.0 billion. The majority of Verizon's cash flow is generated from domestic operations and we are not dependent on foreign cash or earnings to meet our funding requirements, nor do we intend to repatriate these undistributed foreign earnings to fund U.S. operations. Furthermore, a portion of these undistributed earnings represents amounts that legally must be kept in reserve in accordance with certain foreign jurisdictional requirements and are unavailable for distribution or repatriation. As a result, we have not provided U.S. deferred taxes on these undistributed earnings because we intend that they will remain indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. and therefore unavailable for use in 
At December 31, 2020, we had net after-tax loss and credit carry forwards for income tax purposes of approximately $ 2.8 billion that primarily relate to state and foreign taxes. Of these net after-tax loss and credit carry forwards, approximately $ 1.7 billion will expire between 2021 and 2040 and approximately $ 1.1 billion may be carried forward indefinitely. 
During 2020, the valuation allowance decreased approximately $ 77 million. The $ 2.2 billion valuation allowance at December 31, 2020 as well as the 2020 activity is primarily related to state and foreign taxes.
