ALLSTATE CORP report:
The segment is in run-off and is focused on increasing lifetime economic value. Both the deferred and immediate annuity businesses have been adversely impacted by the historically low interest rate environment. Our immediate annuity business has also been impacted by medical advancements that have resulted in annuitants living longer than anticipated when many of these contracts were originated. 
Allstate Annuities focuses on the distinct risk and return profiles of the specific products when developing investment and liability management strategies. The level of legacy deferred annuities in force has been significantly reduced and the investment portfolio and crediting rates are proactively managed to improve profitability of the business while providing appropriate levels of liquidity. 
The investment portfolio supporting our immediate annuities is managed to ensure the assets match the characteristics of the liabilities and provide the long-term returns needed to support this business. To better match the long-term nature of our immediate annuities, we use performance-based investments (primarily limited partnership investments) in which we have ownership interests and a greater proportion of return is derived from idiosyncratic asset or operating performance.

SALESFORCE INC report:
cash flow may also be impacted by acquisitions. For example, operating cash flows may be adversely impacted by acquisitions due to transaction costs, financing costs such as interest expense and lower operating cash flows from the acquired entity. 
Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as revenue and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts. Our current remaining performance obligation represents future revenue under contract that is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next 12 months. 
Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in new business growth. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance obligation are typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increase if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining performance obligation attributable to a particular subscription agreement is often associated with an impending renewal but may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. Changes in contract duration or the timing of delivery of professional services can impact remaining performance obligation as well as the allocation between current and non-current remaining performance obligation.

BOEING CO report:
Hedge fund NAVs are generally based on the valuation of the underlying investments. This is primarily done by applying a market or income valuation methodology depending on the specific type of security or instrument held. 
Investments in private equity, private debt, real estate, real assets, and hedge funds are primarily calculated and reported by the General Partner (GP), fund manager or third party administrator. Additionally, some investments in fixed income and equity are made via commingled vehicles and are valued in a similar fashion. Pension assets invested in commingled and limited partnership structures rely on the NAV of these investments as the practical expedient for the valuations. 
The following tables present a reconciliation of Level 3 assets held during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 . Transfers into and out of Level 3 are reported at the beginning-of-year values.
