SALESFORCE INC report:
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the result of which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 
The consolidated  financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
The Company operates as one  operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision makers in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Over the past few years, the Company has completed a number of acquisitions. These acquisitions have allowed the Company to expand its offerings, presence and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. While the Company has offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing market segments, including as a result of the Company's acquisitions, the Company’s business operates in one  operating segment because the Company's offerings operate on its single Customer Success Platform and most of the Company's products are deployed in an identical way, and the Company’s chief operating decision makers evaluate the Company’s financial information and resources and assess the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis. Since the Company operates in one  operating segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the consolidated financial statements.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company generally no longer considers fiscal year earnings of non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries after 2017 to be indefinitely reinvested (other than China and Taiwan) and has recorded the estimated incremental foreign withholding taxes (net of available foreign tax credits) and state income taxes payable assuming a hypothetical repatriation to the U.S. The Company continues to consider undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries, which totaled $ 2,779 , to be indefinitely reinvested and has not provided for withholding or state taxes. 
The gross unrecognized tax benefit includes tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. At the end of 2022 and 2021, these amounts were immaterial. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and penalties, the disallowance of these tax positions would not affect the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the payment of cash to the taxing authority. The total amount of such unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods is $ 15 and $ 30 at the end of 2022 and 2021. 
Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component of income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties recognized during 2022 and 2021, and accrued at the end of each respective period were not material.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• MRT provides natural gas transportation and storage services in Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri and Illinois. MRT has underground natural gas storage facilities in Louisiana and Illinois. MRT receives natural gas from a variety of interstate and intrastate pipelines through its interconnections and delivers natural gas primarily to the St. Louis market. 
• SESH, a 50/50 joint venture with Enbridge Inc., provides transportation services in Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama. SESH transports natural gas from the Perryville Hub in Louisiana to its endpoint in Mobile County, Alabama. SESH has interconnections with third party natural gas pipelines and provides access to major Southeast and Northeast markets and transports directly to generating facilities in Mississippi and Alabama and to interconnecting pipelines that supply companies generating electricity for the Florida power market. 
• Gulf Run Pipeline, placed in service in December 2022, is a large diameter pipeline that runs from the heart of the Haynesville Shale in East Texas and North Louisiana to the Carthage and Perryville natural gas hubs and other key markets along the Gulf Coast.
