ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS — For assets and liabilities that are measured using quoted prices in active markets, total fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured using significant other observable inputs are valued by reference to similar assets or liabilities, adjusted for contract restrictions and other terms specific to that asset or liability. For these items, a significant portion of fair value is derived by reference to quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets. For all remaining assets and liabilities, fair value is derived using a fair value model, such as a discounted cash flow model or Black-Scholes model. Purchased intangible assets are recorded at fair value. The fair value of significant purchased intangible assets is based on independent appraisals. Abbott uses a discounted cash flow model to value intangible assets. The discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, the cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on a quarterly basis. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually.
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — The fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards and units are amortized over their requisite service period, which could be shorter than the vesting period if an employee is retirement eligible, with a charge to compensation expense.
LITIGATION — Abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) No. 450, “Contingencies.” Under ASC No. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management’s best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. Legal fees are recorded as incurred.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company assesses for impairment intangible assets with definite lives only if events occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company assesses goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment annually, or more frequently if events occur that indicate an asset may be impaired. For goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company’s policy is to assess for impairment as of the beginning of each fiscal third quarter. The Company completed its most recent annual impairment assessment for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of June 28, 2020, the first day of the third quarter of fiscal year 2020. 
For goodwill, the reporting unit used in assessing impairment is the Company’s one business segment as described in Note 26, Business Information. Our assessment for impairment of goodwill utilized a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of the reporting unit for comparison to the corresponding carrying value. Based upon the Company’s fiscal year 2020 annual goodwill impairment analysis, the Company concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill exceeded its carrying value and there is no risk of impairment. 
The Company’s fair value estimates of the brand names and trademarks indefinite-lived intangible assets are based on a relief from royalty method. The fair value of these intangible assets is determined for comparison to the corresponding carrying value. If the carrying value of these assets exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. Due to the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on forecasted earnings and the discount rate utilized in our valuation models, the Company recognized impairment charges of $ 9 million related to two trade names acquired as part of the Food Group acquisition, which was included in restructuring costs and asset impairment charges in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. Key assumptions used in the relief from royalty method included the long-term growth rates of future revenues, the royalty rate for such revenue, and a discount rate. These assumptions require significant judgment by management, and are therefore considered Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. No other impairments were noted as part of the annual impairment assessment.

SALESFORCE INC report:
While we believe all of these goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities, they are aspirational and may change, and there is no guarantee or promise that they will be met. 
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity investment risks. This exposure has increased due to recent financial market movements and changes to our expectations of near-term possible movements caused by the impact of COVID-19 as discussed in more detail below. 
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers, additional headcount in foreign countries, and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Brazilian Real against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change, including market impacts associated with COVID-19. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.
