BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We focus on training and development that helps employees develop the skills they need both today and in the future. One of the greatest drivers of growth for our people is their own initiative and sense of career ownership. We encourage employees to develop individual development plans and provide employees access to apply for internal career opportunities that match their interests and skills. 
The engagement of our workforce is one of our strengths. We believe that constantly and actively listening to the voice of our employees will continue to shape our success. We do that through a series of listening sessions and by measuring employee engagement on an annual level. Our positive 2021 employee engagement survey results confirmed the strong foundation we are building, reinforcing many elements of our culture. 
The safety of our team and the communities in which we operate comes first. We believe safety is a shared responsibility. Everyone has the right and responsibility to stop work if conditions become unsafe, regardless of position or experience. Our safety program focuses on incident prevention through safety leadership at all levels.

BOEING CO report:
Investment managers are retained for explicit investment roles specified by contractual investment guidelines. Certain investment managers are authorized to use derivatives, such as equity or bond futures, swaps, options and currency futures or forwards. Derivatives are used to achieve the desired market exposure of a security or an index, transfer value-added performance between asset classes, achieve the desired currency exposure, adjust portfolio duration or rebalance the total portfolio to the target asset allocation. 
As a percentage of total pension assets, derivative net notional amounts were 4.3 % and 4.4 % for fixed income, including to-be-announced mortgage-backed securities and treasury forwards, and 3.6 % and 5.5 % for global equity and commodities at December 31, 2019 and 2018 . 
Risk Management In managing the pension assets, we review and manage risk associated with funded status risk, interest rate risk, market risk, counterparty risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. Liability matching and asset class diversification are central to our risk management approach and are integral to the overall investment strategy. Further, asset classes are constructed to achieve diversification by investment strategy, by investment manager, by industry or sector and by holding. Investment manager guidelines for publicly traded assets are specified and are monitored regularly through the custodian. Credit parameters for counterparties have been established for managers permitted to trade over-the-counter derivatives. Valuation is governed through several types of procedures, including reviews of manager valuation policies, custodian valuation processes, pricing vendor practices, pricing reconciliation, and periodic, security-specific valuation testing .

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Stochastic and probabilistic estimation of potential losses: combines portfolio risk exposures with historical or recent market volatilities and correlations to assess the potential range of future investment results. 
Financial risk and return management addresses the risk of insufficient cash flows to meet corporate or policyholder needs, risk of inadequate aggregate capital or capital within any subsidiary, inability to access capital markets, credit risk that arises when an external party fails to meet a contractual obligation such as reinsurance for ceded claims, or risk associated with a business counterparty default. 
We actively manage our capital and liquidity levels in light of changing market, economic and business conditions. Our capital position, capital generation capacity, and targeted risk profile provide strategic and financial flexibility.
