WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The quantitative impairment analysis for our Asia-Pacific reporting unit indicated that estimated fair value did not exceed its carrying value, which resulted in a pre-tax impairment charge to write-off the remaining $85 million goodwill balance. The impairment was a result of increased cost projections for this region committed to during the fourth quarter of 2020 as part of our global discovery+ rollout strategy. The impairment charge was not deductible for tax purposes. Significant judgments and assumptions included the amount and timing of future cash flows, including revenue growth rates, long-term growth rates ranging from 2% to 2.5%, and a discount rate of 11%. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for the Asia-Pacific reporting unit were based on the reporting unit’s budget and long-term business plan. The determination of fair value of our Asia-Pacific reporting unit represents a Level 3 fair value measurement in the fair value hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. The goodwill impairment charge did not have an impact on the calculation of our financial covenants under our debt arrangements. 
Content rights principally consist of television series, specials, films and sporting events. Costs of produced and coproduced content consist of development costs, acquired production costs, direct production costs, certain production overhead costs and participation costs and is capitalized if we have previously generated revenues from similar content in established markets and the content will be used and revenues will be generated for a period of at least one year. 
Linear content amortization expense for each period is recognized based on the revenue forecast model, which approximates the proportion that estimated distribution and advertising revenues for the current period represent in relation to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues. Digital content amortization for each period is recognized based on estimated viewing patterns as there are no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets and therefore, number of views is most representative of the use of the title. Judgment is required to determine the useful lives and amortization patterns of our content assets.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Dixie Pipeline transports propane and other NGLs from locations in southeast Texas, south Louisiana and Mississippi to markets in the southeastern U.S. The Dixie Pipeline operates in seven states: Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Texas, and is connected to eight non-regulated propane terminals that we own and operate.
 • The Appalachia-to-Texas Express, or ATEX , pipeline transports ethane in southbound service from third-party owned NGL fractionation plants located in Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia to our Chambers County storage complex. Ethane originating at these fractionation facilities is sourced from the Marcellus and Utica Shale production areas. ATEX operates in nine states: Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and West Virginia.
 • The Chaparral NGL System transports mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities located in West Texas and New Mexico to Chambers County, Texas. This system consists of the 906-mile Chaparral pipeline and the 179-mile Quanah pipeline. Interstate and intrastate transportation services provided by the Chaparral pipeline are regulated; however, transportation services provided by the Quanah pipeline are not.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Operating Income – Operating income increased $800 million (20.8%) to $4,653 million in 2021, Adjusted Operating Income (1) increased $374 million (8.5%) to $4,775 million and Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis increased $256 million (5.8%) to $4,657 million due to the following: 
(4) Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives. 
(5) Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information on the January 3, 2022 acquisition of Chipita, April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food, March 25, 2021 acquisition of a majority interest in Grenade, January 4, 2021 acquisition of the remaining 93% of equity in Hu and April 1, 2020 acquisition of a significant majority interest in Give & Go.
