ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Stochastic and probabilistic estimation of potential losses: combines portfolio risk exposures with historical or recent market volatilities and correlations to assess the potential range of future investment results. 
Financial risk and return management addresses the risk of insufficient cash flows to meet corporate or policyholder needs, risk of inadequate aggregate capital or capital within any subsidiary, inability to access capital markets, credit risk that arises when an external party fails to meet a contractual obligation such as reinsurance for ceded claims, or risk associated with a business counterparty default. 
We actively manage our capital and liquidity levels in light of changing market, economic and business conditions. Our capital position, capital generation capacity, and targeted risk profile provide strategic and financial flexibility.

SALESFORCE INC report:
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs. 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value as of January 31, 2023 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions): 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value as of January 31, 2022 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):

BOEING CO report:
The demand outlook for our government services business has remained stable in 2020. Government services market segments are growing on pace with related fleets, but vary based on the utilization and age of the aircraft. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Over the next decade, we expect U.S. growth to remain flat and non-U.S. fleets, led by Middle East and Asia Pacific customers, to add rotorcraft and commercial derivative aircraft at the fastest rates. We expect less than 20 percent of the worldwide fleet of military aircraft to be retired and replaced over the next ten years, driving increased demand for services to maintain aging aircraft and enhance aircraft capability. 
BGS’ major customer, the U.S. government, remains subject to the spending limits and uncertainty described on page 40, which could restrict the execution of certain program activities and delay new programs or competitions. 
Industry Competitiveness Aviation services is a competitive market with many domestic and international competitors. This market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales growth potential and long-term investment returns.
