ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our marine transportation business consists of 64 tow boats and 157 tank barges used to transport refined products, crude oil, asphalt, condensate, heavy fuel oil, LPG and other petroleum products on key U.S. inland and intracoastal waterway systems. The marine transportation industry uses tow boats as power sources and tank barges for freight capacity. Our marine transportation assets serve refinery and storage terminal customers along the Mississippi River, the intracoastal waterway between Texas and Florida, and the Tennessee-Tombigbee waterway system. We own and operate shipyard and repair facilities located in Houma and Morgan City, Louisiana and marine fleeting facilities located in Bourg, Louisiana and Channelview, Texas.
Our marine transportation business is subject to regulation, including by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”), Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Coast Guard (“USCG”). For information regarding these regulations, see “ Regulatory Matters – Federal Regulation of Marine Operations ,” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion.
The following information describes the principal effects of regulation on our operations, including those regulations involving safety and environmental matters and the rates we charge customers for transportation services.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Partnership has elected to apply the modified retrospective method to adopt the new standard. For contracts in scope of the new revenue standard as of January 1, 2018, the cumulative effect adjustment to partners’ capital was not material. The comparative information has not been restated under the modified retrospective method and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods.   
In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842)  (“ASU 2016-02”), which establishes the principles that lessees and lessors shall apply to report information about the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from a lease. The update requires lessees to record virtually all leases on their balance sheets. For lessors, this amended guidance modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. In January 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-01 (“ASU 2018-01”), which provides an optional transition practical expedient to not evaluate under Topic 842 existing or expired land easements that were not previously accounted for as leases under the existing lease guidance. The Partnership plans to elect the package of transition practical expedients and will adopt this standard beginning with its first quarter of fiscal 2019 and apply it retrospectively at the beginning of the period of 
adoption through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Partnership has performed several procedures to evaluate the impact of the adoption of this standard on the financial statements and disclosures and address the implications of Topic 842 on future lease arrangements. The procedures include reviewing all forms of leases, performing a completeness assessment over the lease population, establishing processes and controls to timely identify new and modified lease agreements, educating its employees on these new processes and controls and implementing a third-party supported lease accounting information system to account for our leases in accordance with the new standard. The Partnership is finalizing its evaluation of the impacts that the adoption of this accounting guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements, and estimates approximately   $1.0 billion   of right-to-use assets and lease liabilities will be recognized in the consolidated balance sheet upon adoption, with no material impact to its consolidated statements of operations.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• tools and resources to support the mental wellbeing of our employees and their families, including mental health counselors in our on-site wellness centers and a confidential, dedicated line for employees to contact and speak with a counselor in the event they need mental health support; 
• products and services to support employees’ financial wellbeing, including life, accident, and disability insurance plans, discount benefits, financial planning tools, a 401(k) savings plan in the U.S. and retirement/pension plans in another 20 countries, with competitive contributions from Discovery for employees at all levels; 
• offering an employee stock purchase plan, which allows employees globally (where legislation permits) an opportunity to buy Discovery, Inc. stock at a discounted price through convenient after-tax payroll deductions with no commission charges; and
