ALLSTATE CORP report:
All derivatives are accounted for on a fair value basis and reported as other investments, other assets and other liabilities and accrued expenses. Embedded derivative instruments subject to bifurcation are also accounted for on a fair value basis and are reported together with the host contract. Cash flows from other derivatives are reported in cash flows from investing activities within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
For derivatives for which hedge accounting is not applied, the income statement effects, including fair value gains and losses and accrued periodic settlements, are reported either in net gains and losses on investments and derivatives or in a single line item together with the results of the associated asset or liability for which risks are being managed. 
The Company’s business activities include securities lending transactions, which are used primarily to generate net investment income. The proceeds received in conjunction with securities lending transactions can be reinvested in short-term investments or fixed income securities. These transactions are short-term in nature, usually 30 days or less.

BOEING CO report:
The U.S. Government continues to impose and/or consider imposing sanctions on certain businesses and individuals in Russia. Although our operations or sales in Russia have not been impacted to date, we continue to monitor additional sanctions that may be imposed by the U.S. Government and any responses from Russia that could affect our supply chain, business partners or customers. 
Airline Industry Environment Global economic growth, a primary driver for air travel, was 2.6% in 2019, slightly below the long-term average of approximately 3%. Passenger traffic is estimated to grow by 4% to 5% in 2019, close to the long-term average of approximately 5%. The grounding of the 737 MAX and suspension of 737 MAX deliveries has slowed growth at certain airlines. While growth was solid across most major world regions, there continues to be variation between regions and airline business models. Despite some moderation in the growth rates, airlines operating in Asia Pacific and Europe, as well as low-cost-carriers globally, are leading the 2019 growth in passenger traffic. Air cargo traffic growth is expected to contract this year due to weak global trade growth. 
Airline financial performance also plays a role in the demand for new capacity. Airlines continue to focus on increasing revenue through alliances, partnerships, new marketing initiatives, and effective leveraging of ancillary services and related revenues. Airlines are also focusing on reducing costs and renewing fleets to leverage more efficient airplanes. Net profits in 2019 are expected to approximate $26 billion.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
At the end of 2023 and 2022, the fair value of the Company's long-term debt, including the current portion, was approximately $ 5,738 and $ 6,033 . The carrying value of long-term debt consisted of the following: 
1,000   1,000   Other long-term debt 484   590   Total long-term debt 6,484   6,590   Less unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs 26   33   Less current portion (1) 
291   176   67   Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for new or modified leases 202   231   350   Financing lease assets obtained in exchange for new or modified leases 100   794   399
