ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The following table shows the effect of hypothetical price movements (a sensitivity analysis) on the estimated economic value of our forward-starting swap portfolio at the dates indicated (dollars in millions):
The increase in fair value of our interest rate hedging portfolio from December 31, 2020 to January 29, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in market interest rates relative to the fixed rates specified in the swap agreements.
The variable rates referenced in interest rate swap agreements often reference the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”). In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority in the U.K. announced a desire to phase out LIBOR as a benchmark by the end of June 2023. Financial industry working groups are developing replacement rates and methodologies to transition existing agreements that depend on LIBOR as a reference rate. We currently do not expect the transition from LIBOR to have a material impact on us.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our Internet address is www.mondelezinternational.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge as soon as possible after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You can access our filings with the SEC by visiting ir.mondelezinternational.com/sec-filings . The information on our web site is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 
The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. It should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
We make and sell primarily snacks, including biscuits (cookies, crackers and salted snacks), chocolate, gum & candy as well as various cheese & grocery and powdered beverage products. We have operations in more than 80 countries and sell our products in over 150 countries.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 or earlier upon the occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization. If we believe that as a result of our qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is required. The quantitative impairment test requires significant judgment in determining the fair value of the reporting units. We determine the fair value of our reporting units by using a combination of the income approach, which incorporates the use of the discounted cash flow (“DCF”) method and the market multiple approach, which incorporates the use of EBITDA multiples based on market data. For the DCF method, we use projections specific to the reporting unit, as well as those based on general economic conditions, which require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Determining fair value specific to each reporting unit requires the Company to exercise judgment when selecting the appropriate discount rates, control premiums, terminal growth rates, assumed tax rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, including revenue growth rates and profit margins. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for each reporting unit are based on the reporting unit's budget, long range plan, and recent operating performance. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and market conditions. 
We concluded that the continued impacts of COVID-19 on the operating results of the Europe reporting unit represented a triggering event in the second quarter of 2020. During the second quarter, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis for our Europe reporting unit using a DCF valuation model. A market-based valuation model was not weighted in the analysis given the significant volatility in the equity markets. Significant judgments and assumptions in the DCF model included the amount and timing of future cash flows, including revenue growth rates, long-term growth rates of 2%, and a discount rate ranging from 10% to 10.5%. The estimated fair value of the Europe reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, no impairment was recorded. 
Also during the second quarter of 2020, we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value was greater than the carrying value for all other reporting units with the exception of the Asia-Pacific reporting unit. We performed a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis for the Asia-Pacific reporting unit and determined that the estimated fair value did not exceed its carrying value, which resulted in a pre-tax impairment charge to write-off the remaining $36 million goodwill balance during the second quarter of 2020. The impairment charge was not deductible for tax purposes. Significant judgments and assumptions included the amount and timing of future cash flows, including revenue growth rates, long-term growth rates ranging from 2% to 2.5%, and a discount rate of 11%. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for the Asia-Pacific reporting unit were based on the reporting unit’s budget and long-term business plan. The determination of fair value of our Asia-Pacific reporting unit represents a Level 3 fair value measurement in the fair value hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. The goodwill impairment charge did not have an impact on the calculation of our financial covenants under our debt arrangements.
