MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
At December 31, 2020, the Company has pre-tax loss carryforwards of $ 3,293 million, of which $ 332 million will expire at various dates between 2021 and 2040 and the remaining $ 2,961 million can be carried forward indefinitely. 
The unremitted earnings as of December 31, 2020 in those subsidiaries where we continue to be indefinitely reinvested is approximately $ 1.6 billion. We currently have not recognized approximately $ 73 million of deferred tax liabilities related to those unremitted earnings. Future tax law changes or changes in the needs of our non-U.S. subsidiaries could require us to recognize deferred tax liabilities on a portion, or all, of our accumulated earnings that are currently indefinitely reinvested. 
   For the Years Ended December 31,   2020 2019 2018   (in millions) January 1 $ 426   $ 516   $ 579   Increases from positions taken during prior periods 35   27   36   Decreases from positions taken during prior periods ( 17 ) ( 35 ) ( 43 ) Increases from positions taken during the current period 48   50   57   Decreases relating to settlements with taxing authorities ( 27 ) ( 64 ) ( 45 ) Reductions resulting from the lapse of the applicable

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our largest single expense is content, which includes content amortization, content impairment and production costs. We amortize the cost of capitalized content rights based on the proportion that the current year's estimated revenues bear to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues, which normally results in an accelerated amortization method over the estimated useful lives. However, certain networks also utilize a straight-line method of amortization over the estimated useful lives of the content. Content is amortized primarily over periods of two to four years. The costs for multi-year sports programming arrangements are expensed when the event is broadcast based on the estimated relative value of each season in the arrangement. Content assets are reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators are present, such as low viewership or limited expected use. Impairment losses are recorded when content asset carrying value exceeds net realizable value. 
Providing content across various distribution platforms is a highly competitive business worldwide. We experience competition for the development and acquisition of content, distribution of our content, sale of commercial time on our networks and viewership. There is competition from other production studios, other television networks, and online-based content providers for the acquisition of content and creative talent such as writers, producers and directors. Our ability to produce and acquire popular content is an important competitive factor for the distribution of our content, attracting viewers and the sale of advertising. Our success in securing popular content and creative talent depends on various factors such as the number of competitors providing content that targets the same genre and audience, the distribution of our content, viewership, and the production, marketing and advertising support we provide. 
Our networks compete with other television networks, including broadcast, cable and local, for the distribution of our content and fees charged to cable television operators, DTH satellite service providers, and other distributors that carry our content. Our ability to secure distribution agreements is necessary to ensure the retention of our audiences. Our contractual agreements with distributors are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Growth in the number of networks distributed, consolidation and other market conditions in the cable and satellite distribution industry, and increased popularity of other platforms may adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of our content that are as favorable as those currently in place. The ability to secure distribution agreements is dependent upon the production, acquisition and packaging of original content, viewership, the marketing and advertising support and incentives provided to distributors, the product offering across a series of networks within a region, and the prices charged for carriage.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Midland-to-ECHO System and related business activities increased a net $6 million year-to-year primarily due to a 51 MBPD (net to our interest) increase in transportation volumes, which accounted for a $33 million increase, higher other revenues, which accounted for an additional $17 million increase, partially offset by lower average sales margins, which accounted for a $40 million decrease.
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Natural Gas Pipelines & Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):
Gross operating margin from our natural gas marketing activities decreased $272 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins. As noted previously, the year ended December 31, 2021 reflects increased natural gas sales as a result of our efforts to meet the needs of electricity generators, natural gas utilities and industrial customers during the February 2021 winter storms.
