SALESFORCE INC report:
carryforwards of approximately $765 million  which expire beginning in fiscal 2020 through fiscal 2039, California research and development tax credits of approximately $281 million , which do not expire, and $9 million  of enterprise zone tax credits, which expire in fiscal 2024 through fiscal 2026. For other states' income tax purposes, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1.0 billion , which expire beginning in fiscal 2021 through fiscal 2039 and tax credits of approximately $41 million , which expire beginning in fiscal 2021 through fiscal 2033. Utilization of the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation could result in the expiration of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before utilization. 
The Company had a valuation allowance of $205 million  and $810 million  as of January 31, 2019 and January 31, 2018 respectively. The Company regularly assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company evaluates and weighs all available positive and negative evidence such as historic results, future reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, as well as prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies. The assessment requires significant judgment and is performed in each of the applicable jurisdictions. The Company demonstrated sustained profitability evidenced by three consecutive years of positive earnings as well as forecasted continuing profitability at the worldwide and U.S. jurisdictional levels. As a result, the Company determined that there was sufficient positive evidence to release a portion of its valuation allowance related to federal and state deferred tax assets, resulting in a tax benefit of $612 million  during fiscal 2019. The valuation allowance at the end of January 31, 2019 was primarily related to net operating loss and tax credits in certain state jurisdictions. The Company will continue to evaluate the need for valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets. 
The total income tax benefit in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations related to stock-based awards was $236 million , $265 million  and $229 million  for fiscal 2019 , 2018  and 2017 , respectively. For fiscal 2018 and 2017, majority of the tax benefit was not recognized as a result of the valuation allowance.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
operations through voting rights, do not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses, or do not have the right to receive the residual returns of the entity. We consolidate the assets and liabilities of VIEs when we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the party that has the power to make the decisions that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
On January 1, 2020, we adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) using the modified retrospective approach. The cumulative after-tax effect of the changes made to our consolidated financial statements for the adoption of Topic 326 was as follows: 
We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units, Consumer and Business. Revenue is disaggregated by products and services within Consumer, and customer groups (Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale) within Business. See Note 13 for additional information on revenue by segment. Corporate and other primarily includes insurance captive revenues as well as the historical results of divested businesses, including Verizon Media.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company’s reinsurance program is designed to provide reinsurance protection for catastrophes resulting from multiple perils including hurricanes, windstorms, hail, tornadoes, fires following earthquakes, earthquakes and wildfires. 
The Company purchases reinsurance from traditional reinsurance companies as well as the insurance linked securities market (e.g. “Property Claims Services Agreements” or “PCS Agreements”). 
 The Company has not experienced credit losses on its catastrophe reinsurance programs. The Company ceded premiums earned of $343 million , $344 million  and $381 million  under catastrophe reinsurance agreements in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. The
