SALESFORCE INC report:
In May 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MuleSoft, which provides a platform for building application networks that connect enterprise apps, data and devices, across any cloud and on-premise solution. The Company has included the financial results of MuleSoft in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $ 24 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MuleSoft was approximately $ 6.4 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions): 
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.3680 was applied to convert MuleSoft’s outstanding equity awards for MuleSoft’s common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. The deferred tax liability established was primarily a result of the difference in the book basis and tax basis related to the identifiable intangible assets.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Product differentiation. Customer and revenue growth are increasingly dependent on the development of new and enhanced products and services, as the delivery of new and innovative products and services has been accelerating. Customers are shifting their focus from access to applications and are seeking ways to leverage their broadband, video and wireless connections. To compete effectively, providers need to continuously review, improve and refine their product portfolio and develop and rapidly deploy new products and services tailored to the needs of customers. We continue to pursue the development and rapid deployment of new and innovative products and services, both independently and in collaboration with application providers, content providers and device manufacturers. Features such as wireless and wireline inter-operability are becoming increasingly important, driven by both customer demand and technological advancement. 
Sales and distribution. A key to achieving sales success in the consumer and small and medium business sectors of the wireless industry is the reach and quality of sales channels and distribution points. We seek to optimally vary distribution channels among our company-operated stores selling wireless products and services, outside sales teams and telemarketing, web-based sales and fulfillment capabilities, our extensive indirect distribution network of retail outlets and our sale of wireless service to resellers, which resell wireless services to their end-users. 
In addition to these competitive factors and trends, companies with a global presence are increasingly competing with us in our Business segment. A relatively small number of telecommunications and integrated service providers with global operations serve customers in the global enterprise market and, to a lesser extent, the global wholesale market. We compete with these providers for large contracts to provide integrated solutions to global enterprises. Many of these companies have strong market presence, brand recognition and existing customer relationships, all of which contribute to intensifying competition that may affect our future revenue growth.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The transaction closed on January 4, 2021 and National General shareholders received $ 32.00 per share in cash from the Company, plus a closing dividend of $ 2.50 per share, providing $ 34.50 in total value per share. 
Due to the limited time since the closing date, the initial accounting for the acquisition is incomplete. As a result, the Company is unable to provide amounts recognized as of the closing date for the major classes of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company will include this information in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021. 
iCracked On February 12, 2019, the Company acquired iCracked Inc. (“iCracked”) which offers on-site, on-demand repair services for smartphones and tablets in North America, supporting Allstate Protection Plans' (formerly known as SquareTrade) operations. In conjunction with the iCracked acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill of $ 17 million.
