BOEING CO report:
(2) Primarily relates to remeasurement of assets and benefit obligations related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans resulting in an actuarial gain/(loss) of $ 4,262 , ($ 1,956 ) and ($ 1,413 ) (net of tax of ($ 32 ), $ 111 and $ 405 ) for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. See Note 16. 
(3) Primarily relates to amortization of actuarial losses for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 totaling $ 1,155 , $ 917 and $ 464 (net of tax of ($ 8 ), ($ 52 ) and ($ 133 )), respectively. These are included in the net periodic pension cost. See Note 16. 
Our cash flow hedges include foreign currency forward contracts, commodity swaps and commodity purchase contracts. We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage currency risk associated with certain transactions, specifically forecasted sales and purchases made in foreign currencies. Our foreign currency contracts hedge forecasted transactions through 2031. We use commodity derivatives, such as fixed-price purchase commitments and swaps to hedge against potentially unfavorable price changes for commodities used in production. Our commodity contracts hedge forecasted transactions through 2029.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe the business of business is improving the state of the world for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, partners, employees, community, environment and society. We are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future by delivering a carbon neutral cloud, operating as a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company and by working to achieve our goal of 100 percent renewable energy for our global operations by fiscal 2022. We also believe consistent, comparable and reliable disclosures around climate-related risks and opportunities are important. To this end, we are working to align with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board's ("FSB") Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") and of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB"). In addition, we have spearheaded human capital management initiatives to drive equality in four key areas: equal rights, equal pay, equal education and equal opportunity. We also pioneered and have inspired other companies to adopt our 1-1-1 integrated philanthropy model, which leverages one percent of a company’s equity, employee time and product to help improve communities around the world. We publish an annual stakeholder impact report on our website detailing our overall strategy relating to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) programs as well as our efforts in these areas. 
In fiscal 2019, we remained a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company, continued delivering a carbon neutral cloud for all customers and procured electricity from renewable energy resources equivalent to 55 percent of what we used globally. To support our commitment to renewable energy, we have signed four virtual power purchase agreements (“VPPAs”). This includes two agreements which were signed in fiscal 2019: our largest VPPA to date with a new wind energy project in Illinois that is expected to be operational in fiscal year 2020, and our first-ever renewable energy aggregation deal with a new solar energy project in North Carolina which is expected to be operational in fiscal 2021. In addition, the three buildings at our corporate headquarters in San Francisco sourced 100 percent renewable energy in fiscal 2019. 
We are active in and support organizations that move the United States and the world toward a more sustainable, low-carbon future. In fiscal 2019, we partnered with Mission 2020 to establish the Step Up Declaration, a new alliance committed to harnessing the power of emerging technologies to help reduce emissions across all economic sectors. As part of the declaration we committed to expand our carbon offset program to include business travel and employee commuting, and to continue to expand our sustainable real estate commitments. We also committed to setting our own science-based targets, including working with our suppliers to set their own climate targets. In addition, we were a founding member of the Business Renewables Center, signed the Corporate Renewable Energy Buyers’ Principles, helped to launch the Corporate Colocation and Cloud Buyers’ Principles, disclosed our annual carbon emissions to the Carbon Disclosure Project and signed on to initiatives such as We Mean Business and the American Business Act on Climate.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our business could also be affected in the future by the regulation or taxation of greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions or policies related to national emission reduction plans. A number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce GHG emissions including, but not limited to, the Unites States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. For example, the Biden Administration has issued a series of executive orders and regulatory initiatives focused on climate change, including rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement, pursuant to which the Administration has announced a goal of reducing U.S. GHG emissions by one-half by 2030. Our operations located in countries with effective and applicable carbon pricing and regulatory programs currently meet related existing obligations with, at this time, no significant impact on our results of operations and competitive position. We regularly assess the potential impacts to our business resulting from regulation or policies aimed at reducing GHG emissions. Potential consequences could include increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes. Although, at this time, it is not possible to estimate the likelihood of passage or predict the potential impact of any additional legislation, regulations or agreements, the effects of additional climate change regulatory initiatives could have a materially adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The scope of physical effects of climate change, including shifts in agricultural production areas and climatic volatility, is uncertain, but could in the long-term result in increased adverse incidents of weather-related events that cause disruptions to our operations and may ultimately result in stranded physical assets. We currently believe the breadth and diversification of our global asset network, as well as our participation in the global trade of agricultural commodities, will help to mitigate these risks. 
Additionally, in response to the ongoing Ukraine-Russia war, the United States, other North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") member states, as well as non-NATO member states, have announced targeted economic sanctions on Russia, certain Russian citizens, and Russian enterprises. Any continuation or escalation of the war may trigger a series of additional economic and other sanctions. On September 16, 2022, Bunge signed an agreement to sell its remaining Russian operations, primarily comprising an oilseed crushing and refining facility in Voronezh, southwest Russia, to Karen Vanetsyan. On February 3, 2023, the transaction closed in accordance with the terms of the agreement. We continued to operate our Russian oilseed crushing and refining facility in compliance with all legal requirements until the sale was completed. 
Bunge believes sustainability is critical to our business. While we have consistently incorporated environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors into Bunge’s strategy and operations, we have intensified our efforts in light of new consumer trends, risks arising from factors such as climate change, and the emerging commercial opportunities in the low carbon market. We integrate ESG factors into nearly every area of our business, from how we evaluate new growth markets, plan and develop our strategic goals, compensate our employees and operate our facilities, to how we engage with our customers, suppliers, employees, communities, shareholders and other stakeholders. We encourage Bunge leadership around the globe to embrace sustainable decision-making across our value chains built on a foundation of ethical leadership, accountability and environmental stewardship. Our key areas of growth, comprising expansion of our oilseed processing and origination capabilities, production of renewable feedstocks, increasing our plant lipids portfolio and development of new plant-based protein ingredients, are not only core to our business strategy but also a testament to the alignment of sustainability with our corporate vision.
