SALESFORCE INC report:
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MapAnything was approximately $ 213 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 53 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of four to five years . The Company recorded approximately $ 152 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating MapAnything's technology with the Company's other offerings. The majority of the goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
The Company invested $ 23 million in a noncontrolling equity investment in MapAnything prior to the acquisition. The Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 9 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in MapAnything held before the business combination. The gain is included in gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
In August 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama"), which provides a platform for enterprises, agencies and publishers to integrate data across marketing channels and data sources.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
In the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded a $22 million  increase to its pension obligation, with a corresponding increase to accumulated other comprehensive loss, to correct a computational error related to a 2015 pension plan freeze. 
The Company’s effective income tax rates for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2018 , December 30, 2017  and December 31, 2016  were 18.0% , (10.0)%  and (60.0)% , respectively. The determination of the Company’s overall effective tax rate requires the use of estimates. The effective tax rate reflects the income earned and taxed in U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions based on enacted tax law, permanent differences between book and tax items, tax credits and the Company’s change in relative contribution to income for each jurisdiction. Changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and the Company’s effective tax rate in the future. 
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. federal government enacted comprehensive tax legislation referred to herein as the Tax Act. The Tax Act made broad and complex changes to the U.S. federal income tax code, including, but not limited to (1) a reduction of the U.S. federal corporate tax rate and (2) the full expensing of qualified property.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
Established Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition, Abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Duphalac™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.
