WORLD KINECT CORP report:
The majority of our consolidated revenues are generated through the sale of fuel and fuel-related products. We generally recognize fuel sales and services revenue on a gross basis as we have control of the products or services before they are delivered to our customers. In drawing this conclusion, we consider various factors, including inventory risk management, latitude in establishing the sales price, discretion in the supplier selection and that we are normally the primary obligor in our sales arrangements. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”), enacted on December 22, 2017, significantly changed the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, by, among other things, reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, taxing global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”), assessing a repatriation tax or “toll-charge” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-owned foreign corporations, and introducing certain base erosion and anti-abuse minimum tax (“BEAT”) provisions. Several final and proposed regulations were issued during 2020 regarding foreign tax credits, and GILTI, among other areas. 
Because of the complexity of the GILTI tax rules effective in 2018, we previously evaluated this provision of the Tax Act and the application of ASC 740, Income Taxes. Under US GAAP, we made an accounting policy choice to treat taxes due on future US GILTI inclusions as a current period expense when incurred (the "period cost method"). The Tax Act legislation will continue to require further interpretations and implementing regulations by the IRS, as well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and changes, any of which could increase certain adverse impacts or other effects of the legislation. The changes included in the Tax Act are broad and complex. The final transition impacts of the Tax Act may differ from our estimates, possibly materially, due to, among other items, changes in interpretations of the Tax Act, any legislative action to address questions that arise because of the Tax Act, any changes in accounting standards for income taxes or related interpretations in response to the Tax Act, or any updates or changes to current year earnings and tax estimates.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The U.S. Geological Survey estimated in its 2017 assessment that the Haynesville Shale and the associated Bossier shale plays hold a combined 304 trillion cubic feet of technically recoverable shale gas resources, the second highest level in the U.S. after the Appalachia region. The Haynesville Shale benefits from its close proximity to Gulf Coast markets where substantial petrochemical and liquefied natural gas, or LNG, export projects are being constructed. At expected natural gas price levels, we estimate that natural gas production from the Haynesville Shale will continue to increase; however, until volumes for the basin exceed historical peak production, there will likely be excess capacity of midstream infrastructure available in the region. 
With respect to oil and gas production in the Rocky Mountain region, rig counts have declined slightly in the Jonah and Pinedale fields and are flat in the Piceance and San Juan basins. Producers plan to continue horizontal drilling in the Jonah field; however, horizontal drilling in the Pinedale field has generally been put on hold pending further study. Drilling has continued steadily in the Piceance field, with operators permitting the horizontal Williams Fork locations. Additional resources exist in the Piceance field in the deeper Mancos play, but it is currently not being developed. There were several changes in the ownership of producing properties in the San Juan basin this past year that are expected to lead to a modest increase in drilling activity by the new owners. 
The Rockies benefit from sufficient natural gas and NGL pipeline infrastructure, which helps the region compete with other North American regions where production takeaway capacity may be constrained. We believe that our Rocky Mountain assets will continue to benefit regional producers by giving them access to major downstream markets such as the U.S. Gulf Coast and export destinations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
