BOEING CO report:
The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from employees and other partners. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging. In addition, the introduction of new aircraft and derivatives, such as the 777X, involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production and certification schedules. As a result, our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards and achieve or maintain, as applicable, program profitability is subject to significant risks. Factors that could result in lower margins (or a material charge if an airplane program has or is determined to have reach-forward losses) include the following: changes to the program accounting quantity, customer and model mix, production costs and rates, changes to price escalation factors due to changes in the inflation rate or other economic indicators, performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft, capital expenditures and other costs associated with increasing or adding new 
production capacity, learning curve, additional change incorporation, achieving anticipated cost reductions, flight test and certification schedules, costs, schedule and demand for new airplanes and derivatives and status of customer claims, supplier assertions and other contractual negotiations. While we believe the cost and revenue estimates incorporated in the consolidated financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations or other financially significant exposure. 
The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, passed in February 2018, raised the 2011 Budget Control Act spending caps for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 (FY18 and FY19). The consolidated spending bills signed into law in September 2018 provide defense funding for FY19, in compliance with the revised caps. These bills also provide FY19 appropriations for most of the federal government. Full year funding for the departments and agencies not covered by enacted FY19 appropriations, including the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), remains uncertain. The unfunded departments and agencies affected by the partial government shutdown (December 22, 2018 through January 25, 2019) are now covered by a Continuing Resolution that extends funding at FY18 levels through February 15, 2019. Congress and the President must agree to FY19 appropriations or an additional Continuing Resolution to fund affected departments and agencies beyond the February 15 deadline in order to prevent a second partial government shutdown. The impact of a partial government shutdown to the Company’s operations would increase as the shutdown continues.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
From time to time, we engage independent advisers to assess and consult on operational risks. We also perform assessments of the quality of our operational risk program and identify opportunities to strengthen our internal controls. 
Culture risk and return management addresses the potential for loss of stakeholder value from a suboptimal work environment, missed opportunities, or ineffective risk management practices. Allstate defines organization culture as a self-sustaining system of shared values, principles and priorities that shape beliefs, drive behavior and influence decision-making within an organization. Allstate’s approach is grounded in its Risk and Return Principles and organized by Our Shared Purpose. 
Culture is managed using a set of cultural risk categories established as a basis for assessment and measurement, and the learning loop is applied to ensure continuous improvement. Results of culture risk assessments are reported to the ERRC and RRC throughout the year. To strengthen oversight, the Culture Risk and Return Management (“CRRM”) team partners with Human Resources and the broader organization to enhance the sophistication of the CRRM framework, including the following key components:

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Short-term investments generally consist of debt securities (U.S. Government and Agency Notes), with maturities at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five 
years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. These available-for-sale investments have a low level of inherent credit risk given they are issued by the U.S. Government and Agencies. Changes in their fair value are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis. 
The Company periodically evaluates unrealized losses in its investment securities for credit impairment, using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. In the event a security is deemed to be impaired as the result of a credit loss, the Company recognizes the loss in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income.
