ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Our ability to satisfy our obligations and pay distributions to Unitholders will depend on our future performance, which will be subject to prevailing economic, financial, business and weather conditions, and other factors, many of which are beyond management’s control. The significant trends and uncertainties that we currently believe could significantly impact our liquidity and cash flows going forward are discussed in “Trends and Outlook” above. 
We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and sources of funding to meet our cash requirements over the near term and for the longer term. We expect to satisfy our working capital needs through cash generated by our operations, along with cash on hand and borrowings under our Five-Year Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of $336 million and availability under our revolving credit facility of $2.03 billion. 
The Partnership’s material contractual obligations include long-term debt service, payments under operating leases, and purchase commitments. The Partnership’s obligations under its long-term debt agreements are described below under “Description of Indebtedness,” and information on the maturities and interest rates related to the Partnership’s long-term debt is available in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” In addition, information on the Partnership’s obligations under its lease arrangements is included in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products. 
Established Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of addressing the health needs of more people in emerging markets and being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition, Abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Femoston™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications. 
• Structural Heart – Development of transcatheter and surgical devices for the repair and replacement of heart valves, and occlusion therapies for congenital heart defects and stroke-risk reduction.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company provides for estimated inventory losses between physical inventory counts using estimates based on experience. The provision is adjusted periodically to reflect physical inventory counts, which generally occur in the second and fourth fiscal quarters. Inventory cost, where appropriate, is reduced by estimates of vendor rebates when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning those rebates, provided that they are probable and reasonably estimable. 
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization expense is computed primarily using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements made after the beginning of the initial lease term are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining term of the initial lease plus any renewals that are reasonably certain at the date the leasehold improvements are made. 
The Company capitalizes certain computer software and costs incurred in developing or obtaining software for internal use. During development, these costs are included in construction in progress. To the extent that the assets become ready for their intended use, these costs are included in equipment and fixtures and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
