SALESFORCE INC report:
Substantially all of the Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The estimation of fair value for these investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs, and as a result, the Company deems these assets as Level 3 within the fair value measurement framework. For investments without a readily determinable fair value, the Company applies valuation methods based on information available, including the market approach and option pricing models (“OPM”). Observable transactions, such as the issuance of new equity by an investee, are indicators of investee enterprise value and are used to estimate the fair value of the Company’s investments. An OPM may be utilized to allocate value to the various classes of securities of the investee, including classes owned by the Company. Such information, available to the Company from investee companies, is supplemented with estimates such as volatility, expected time to liquidity and the rights and obligations of the securities the Company holds. When indicators of impairment are observed, the Company generally uses the market approach to estimate the fair value of its investment, giving consideration to the latest observable transactions, as well as the investee's current and projected financial performance and other significant inputs and assumptions, including estimated time to exit, selection and analysis of guideline public companies and the rights and obligations of the securities the Company holds. The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments amounted to $ 4.6 billion and $ 4.4 billion as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 , respectively. 
Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in millions):  
The Company has operating leases for corporate offices, data centers and equipment under noncancellable operating leases with various expiration dates. The leases have noncancellable remaining terms of 1 year to 17 years, some of which include options to extend for up to 5 years, and some of which include options to terminate within 1 year.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Merchandising, a decrease of $76 million was primarily due to lower Other (expense) income - net and higher SG&A expense, which more than offset higher Gross profit and higher foreign exchange results. 
Agribusiness segment Net sales increased by $13,589 million, or 45%, to $43,636 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to $30,047 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was due to the following: 
• In Processing, Net sales increased $7,125 million primarily due to significantly higher average sales prices in our soybean processing businesses in all regions, driven by higher commodity prices, and significantly higher average sales prices in our European softseed processing business.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
We have audited Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on the COSO criteria.
