ALLSTATE CORP report:
The availability of observable inputs varies by instrument. In situations where fair value is based on internally developed pricing models or inputs that are unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. The degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is typically greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. In many instances, valuation inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The category level in the fair value hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including during periods of market disruption. In periods of market disruption, the ability to observe prices and inputs may be reduced for many instruments. 
The Company is responsible for the determination of fair value and the supporting assumptions and methodologies. The Company gains assurance that assets and liabilities are appropriately valued through the execution of various processes and controls designed to ensure the overall reasonableness and consistent application of valuation methodologies, including inputs and assumptions, and compliance with accounting standards. For fair values received from third parties or internally estimated, the Company’s processes and controls are designed to ensure that the valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistently applied, the inputs and assumptions are reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value, and the fair values are accurately recorded. For example, on a continuing basis, the Company assesses the reasonableness of individual fair values that have stale security prices or that exceed certain thresholds as compared to previous fair values received from valuation service providers or 
brokers or derived from internal models. The Company performs procedures to understand and assess the methodologies, processes and controls of valuation service providers. In addition, the Company may validate the reasonableness of fair values by comparing information obtained from valuation service providers or brokers to other third party valuation sources for selected securities. The Company performs ongoing price validation procedures such as back-testing of actual sales, which corroborate the various inputs used in internal models to market observable data. When fair value determinations are expected to be more variable, the Company validates them through reviews by members of management who have relevant expertise and who are independent of those charged with executing investment transactions.

BOEING CO report:
Commercial aircraft contracts The majority of our BCA segment revenue is derived from commercial aircraft contracts. For each contract, we determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received. We allocate the transaction price to each commercial aircraft performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices adjusted by an escalation formula as specified in the customer agreement. Revenue is recognized for each commercial aircraft performance obligation at the point in time when the aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. We use program accounting to determine the amount reported as cost of sales. 
Where an aircraft is still in our possession, and title and risk of loss has passed to the customer (known as a bill-and-hold arrangement), revenue will be recognized when all specific requirements for transfer of control under a bill-and-hold arrangement have been met. 
Payments for commercial aircraft sales are received in accordance with the customer agreement, which generally includes a deposit upon order and additional payments in accordance with a payment schedule, with the balance being due immediately prior to or at aircraft delivery. Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities) are normal and customary for commercial aircraft contracts and not considered a significant financing component as they are intended to protect us from the other party failing to adequately complete some or all of its obligations under the contract.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We leverage our leadership, extensive knowledge of the industry, and our deeply rooted relationships with customers at both ends of the value chain to address the sustainability challenges facing the food, feed, and fuel supply chains in which we operate. We intend to address those challenges by, among other things, connecting farmers and our end customers as they seek to establish common approaches to overcome shared sustainability challenges. For example, Bunge is actively engaged in supplying low carbon feedstock for renewable fuels, sourcing and supplying grains planted under regenerative agricultural practices, and supplying certified and verified deforestation-free grains and by-products, among other initiatives. These business objectives are a natural extension of our sustainability efforts and have been partly developed by applying a “climate lens” to our strategic decision-making. 
• Action on Climate —We implement innovative solutions designed to minimize our environmental footprint and support projects and activities that strengthen our approach to fighting climate change. This pillar includes publication of Bunge’s progress on meeting its GHG reduction targets, which were validated by the Science Based Targets Initiative ("SBTi") in 2021, as discussed further below. 
• Responsible Supply Chains —We promote sustainable agriculture and implement projects that are designed to protect and improve the environment while supporting the social and economic well-being of growers and local communities. Within this pillar, we publish progress on our commitment to eliminate deforestation and native vegetation conversion in our supply chains in 2025, our compliance with human rights obligations, and our engagement with farmers to promote sustainable and regenerative agricultural practices.
