WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Goodwill is allocated to our reporting units, which are our operating segments or one level below our operating segments (the component level). Reporting units are determined by the discrete financial information available for the component and whether it is regularly reviewed by segment management. Components are aggregated into a single reporting unit if they share similar economic characteristics. Our reporting units are as follows: U.S. Networks, Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific. 
We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 or earlier upon the occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization. If we believe that as a result of our qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is required. The quantitative impairment test requires significant judgment in determining the fair value of the reporting units. We determine the fair value of our reporting units by using a combination of the income approach, which incorporates the use of the discounted cash flow (“DCF”) method and the market multiple approach, which incorporates the use of EBITDA multiples based on market data. For the DCF method, we use projections specific to the reporting unit, as well as those based on general economic conditions, which require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Determining fair value specific to each reporting unit requires the Company to exercise judgment when selecting the appropriate discount rates, control premiums, terminal growth rates, assumed tax rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, including revenue growth rates and profit margins. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for each reporting unit are based on the reporting unit's budget, long range plan, and recent operating performance. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and market conditions. 
During the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting units exceeded their carrying values, except for its Asia-Pacific reporting unit. For the Asia-Pacific reporting unit, the Company then performed a quantitative step 1 impairment test, which indicated limited headroom (the excess of fair value over carrying value) of 10%.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In June 2019, we received a Notice of Violation from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in connection with regulatory requirements applicable to facilities that we operate in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The eventual resolution of this matter may result in monetary sanctions in excess of $0.1 million; however, we do not expect such expenditures to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and related information for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, including applicable year-to-year comparisons, should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the United States (“U.S.”).
Discussion and analysis of matters pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2017 and year-to-year comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 are not included in this Form 10-K, but can be found under Part II, Item 7 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 that was filed on March 1, 2019.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Implementation costs are directly attributable to restructuring activities; however, they do not qualify for special accounting treatment as exit or disposal activities. We believe the disclosure of implementation costs provides readers of our financial statements with more information on the total costs of our Simplify to Grow Program. Implementation costs primarily relate to reorganizing our operations and facilities in connection with our supply chain reinvention program and other identified productivity and cost saving initiatives. The costs include incremental expenses related to the closure of facilities, costs to terminate certain contracts and the simplification of our information systems. Within our continuing results of operations, we recorded implementation costs of $ 207 million in 2020, $ 272 million in 2019 and $ 315 million in 2018. We recorded these costs within cost of sales and general corporate expense within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
During 2020, 2019 and 2018, and since inception of the Simplify to Grow Program, we recorded the following restructuring and implementation costs within segment operating income and earnings before income taxes: 
We repaid all outstanding commercial paper borrowings as of December 31, 2020 using the proceeds from net issuances of long-term debt, proceeds from sales of KDP and JDEP shares and operating cash flows.
