VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our networks in the U.S. include various elements of redundancy designed to enhance the reliability of the services provided to our customers. To mitigate the impact of power disruptions on our operations, we have battery backup at every switch and every macro cell. We also utilize backup generators at a majority of our macro cells and at every switch location. In addition, we have a 
In addition to our own network coverage, we have roaming agreements with a number of wireless service providers to enable our customers to receive wireless service in nearly all other areas in the U.S. where wireless service is available. We also offer a variety of international wireless voice and data services to our customers through roaming arrangements with wireless service providers outside the U.S. 
Residential broadband service has seen significant growth in bandwidth demand over the past several years, and we believe that demand will continue to grow. We expect that the continued emergence of new video services, new data applications and the proliferation of IP devices in the home will continue to drive new network requirements for increased data speeds and throughput. We believe that the Passive Optical Network (PON) technology underpinning Fios positions us well to meet these demands in a cost-effective and efficient manner.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• Water – The consumption of water from natural sources is monitored periodically by our industrial teams. We monitor and report data on water consumption from regions identified by objective third parties as being under "high stress." We believe that it is important to focus on the areas where water availability is a higher risk, so we have developed a more focused goal to reduce water usage from these areas. 
• Energy – We continuously work to improve energy efficiencies by implementing heat reuse methodologies (heat exchangers) in some of our facilities and perform maintenance and replacement of engines with better performance systems to create additional efficiencies across our operations. Additionally, we seek opportunities to reduce the overall emissions from our electricity sources. 
• Waste Disposal – Our operations have policies and procedures in place that determine what we believe to be the correct operation related to waste management. For this purpose, we conduct periodic critical analyses to verify performance.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2023, 2022 or 2021. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses, to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings. 
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that includes proactive monitoring, rapid incidence response and instruction from a dedicated support team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture.
