ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Under the NGA, interstate natural gas companies must charge rates that are just and reasonable. In addition, the NGA prohibits natural gas companies from unduly preferring or unreasonably discriminating against any person with respect to pipeline rates or terms and conditions of service. 
The maximum rates to be charged by NGA-jurisdictional natural gas companies and their terms and conditions for service are required to be on file with the FERC. Most natural gas companies are authorized to offer discounts from their FERC-approved maximum just and reasonable rates when competition warrants such discounts. Natural gas companies are also generally permitted to offer negotiated rates different from rates established in their tariff if, among other requirements, such companies’ 
tariffs offer a cost-based recourse rate to a prospective shipper as an alternative to the negotiated rate. Natural gas companies must make offers of rate discounts and negotiated rates on a basis that is not unduly discriminatory. Existing tariff rates may be challenged by complaint or on the FERC’s own motion, and if found unjust and unreasonable, may be altered on a prospective basis from no earlier than the date of the complaint or initiation of a proceeding by the FERC. The FERC must also approve all rate changes. We cannot guarantee that the FERC will allow us to charge rates that fully recover our costs or continue to pursue its approach of pro-competitive policies.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
For more detailed information regarding our programs and initiatives, see “Employees” within our Sustainability Commitment (located on our website). The Sustainability Commitment and other information on our website are not incorporated by reference into and do not form any part of this Annual Report. 
Our industry is highly competitive, based on factors such as price, merchandise quality and selection, location, convenience, distribution strategy, and customer service. We compete on a worldwide basis with global, national, and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets, supercenters, online 
retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores, and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. Walmart, Target, Kroger, and Amazon are among our significant general merchandise retail competitors in the U.S. We also compete with other warehouse clubs, including Walmart’s Sam’s Club and BJ’s Wholesale Club in the U.S. Many of the major metropolitan areas in the U.S. and certain of our Other International locations have multiple competing clubs.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
(a) A mix of index funds and actively managed equity accounts that are benchmarked to various large cap indices. (b) A mix of index funds and actively managed equity accounts that are benchmarked to various mid and small cap indices. 
(c) A mix of index funds and actively managed pooled investment funds that are benchmarked to various non-U.S. equity indices in both developed and emerging markets. (d) A mix of index funds and actively managed accounts that are benchmarked to various U.S. government bond indices. (e) A mix of index funds and actively managed accounts that are benchmarked to various corporate bond indices. (f) Primarily United Kingdom, Japan and Irish government-issued bonds. In 2017, included Netherlands bonds. (g) Primarily asset backed securities and an actively managed, diversified fixed income vehicle benchmarked to the one-month Libor / Euribor. (h) Primarily funds invested by managers that have a global mandate with the flexibility to allocate capital broadly across a wide range of asset classes and strategies including, but not limited to equities, fixed income, commodities, interest rate futures, currencies and other securities to outperform an agreed upon benchmark with specific return and volatility targets. (i) Primarily investments in liquid commodity future contracts and private energy funds. (j) Primarily investments in private funds, such as private equity, private credit and private real estate. (k) In accordance with ASU 2015-07, investments measured at fair value using the NAV practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet. 
Equities that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the net asset value (NAV) provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per month, with a required 7 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2018 and 2017. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly, with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.
