WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Act and the FCC’s program carriage rules prohibit distributors from favoring their affiliated content networks over unaffiliated, similarly situated content networks in the rates, terms and conditions of carriage agreements between content networks and cable operators or other MVPDs. Recent regulatory changes and court decisions make it more difficult for us to challenge a distributor’s decision to decline to carry one of our content networks or discriminate against one of our content networks. 
The Act imposes “must-carry” regulations on cable systems, requiring them to carry the signals of most local broadcast television stations in their market if they elect mandatory carriage. DBS systems are also subject to their own must-carry rules. The FCC’s implementation of “must-carry” obligations requires cable operators and DBS providers to give broadcasters preferential access to channel space and favorable channel positions. This reduces the amount of channel space that is available for carriage of our content networks by cable and DBS operators. The Act also gives broadcasters the choice of opting out of must-carry and invoking the right to retransmission consent, which refers to a broadcaster’s right to require MVPDs, such as cable and satellite operators, to obtain the broadcaster’s consent before distributing the broadcaster’s signal to the MVPDs’ subscribers, often at a substantial cost that reduces the content funds available for independent programmers not affiliated with broadcasters, such as us. 
Certain of our content networks and some of our IP-delivered video content must provide closed-captioning and audio description of some of their programming and comply with other regulations designed to make our content more accessible to persons with disabilities. The U.S. Congress, the FCC, and the U.S. Department of Justice periodically consider proposals to implement additional accessibility requirements, some of which would increase our obligations substantially. Our content networks intended primarily for children 12 years of age and under must comply with certain limits on the amount and type of permissible advertising, and certain regulations extend to our digital products when they are referenced by web address in our content networks. We may not include emergency alert tones or signals in our content. Commercials embedded in our networks’ television content stream also must adhere to certain standards for ensuring that those commercials are not transmitted at louder volumes than our program material.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Steam crackers and refineries have historically been the major source of propane and butane olefins for downstream use; however, with the increased use of light-end feedstocks such as ethane, the need for “on purpose” olefins production has increased. Like our PDH facility, the iBDH plant will help meet market demand where traditional supplies have been reduced. The iBDH plant will increase our production of high purity and low purity isobutylene, both of which are used as feedstocks to manufacture lubricants, rubber products and fuel additives.
In December 2019, we placed our ethylene export terminal into limited service, with the first cargo of 25 million pounds of ethylene exported in January 2020. The terminal, which we operate, is located at our Morgan’s Point facility on the Houston Ship Channel and features two docks and the capacity to load 2.2 billion pounds of ethylene per year. A refrigerated storage tank for 66 million pounds of ethylene is being constructed on-site that will allow the terminal to load ethylene up to a rate of 2.2 million pounds per hour. Full commercial operations at the terminal are expected in the fourth quarter of 2020 once certain refrigeration assets are complete. We own a 50% member interest in Enterprise Navigator Ethylene Terminal LLC, which owns the export facility. 
Our ethylene system is being developed to serve as an open market storage and trading hub for the ethylene industry using storage capacity, connections to multiple ethylene pipelines, and high-volume export capabilities. In support of our ethylene business, we recently placed into service a high-capacity underground ethylene storage well at our Mont Belvieu complex having a storage capacity of 600 million pounds of ethylene. The storage well is connected to our Morgan’s Point ethylene export terminal by a 16-mile pipeline, which was placed into service in December 2019. An additional 8 miles of ethylene pipelines extending from Morgan’s Point to Bayport, Texas are under construction and expected to be completed and placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2020.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. Our e-commerce business, domestically and internationally, generally has a lower gross margin percentage than our warehouse operations. 
The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our Executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our paid-membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets. 
Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. With respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Because our business operates on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and SG&A expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
