ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Recent market disruptions involving the COVID-19 pandemic have negatively impacted our earnings and cash flows from operations and may continue to do so. Demand for natural gas, NGLs, refined products and/or crude oil caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has generally trended toward a recovery since the lows experienced from the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020. However, recent variants of COVID-19 have continued to cause market disruptions and earnings volatility in 2021. Any future variants or resurgence of existing variants could result in decreased volumes transported on our pipeline systems and decreased overall utilization of our midstream services. 
With respect to commodity prices, the outlook is mixed and could have a varying impact on our business. Crude oil prices have seen significant recovery recently; however, global supply uncertainty has kept the forward curve in steep backwardation. Additionally, the market continues to be impacted by heightened levels of demand uncertainty as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. We cannot predict the future impacts, or the duration of such impacts, resulting from COVID-19. 
Natural gas prices have also strengthened over the past year. Uncertainty about winter weather, particularly in Texas, has supported opportunity on our intrastate transportation and storage assets. In addition, high European natural gas prices have increased demand for LNG exports from the U.S., which has further helped to support prices. The overall outlook for our midstream services will depend, in part, on the timing and extent of recovery in the commodity markets.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company is exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that it enters into transactions denominated in currencies other than its subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies. Transactions denominated in currencies other than subsidiaries’ functional currencies are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise. Such transactions include affiliate and ad sales arrangements, content licensing arrangements, equipment and other vendor purchases and intercompany transactions. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses based upon period-end exchange rates. The Company also records realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency are included in other income (expense), net. 
The Company’s accounts receivable balances and the related credit losses arise primarily from distribution, advertising and content revenue. Receivables include amounts billed and currently due from customers and are presented net of an estimate for credit losses. To assess collectability, the Company analyzes market trends, economic conditions, the aging of receivables and customer specific risks, and records a provision for estimated credit losses expected over the lifetime of receivables. The corresponding expense for the expected credit losses is reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses. The Company does not require collateral with respect to trade receivables. 
The Company has a revolving agreement to transfer up to $ 5,700 million of certain receivables through its bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, Warner Bros. Discovery Receivables Funding, LLC, to various financial institutions on a recurring basis in exchange for cash equal to the gross receivables transferred. The Company services the sold receivables for the financial institution for a fee and pays fees to the financial institution in connection with this revolving agreement. The agreement is a continuation of the agreement the WarnerMedia Business had in place prior to the Merger. This agreement is subject to renewal on an annual basis and the transfer limit may be expanded or reduced from time to time. As customers pay their balances, the Company’s available capacity under this revolving agreement increases and typically the Company transfers additional receivables into the program.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
As of February 1, 2022, there were approximately 6,911 EPCO personnel who spend all or a substantial portion of their time engaged in our business. From a diversity perspective, approximately 15 % of these personnel were female and approximately 30 % of these personnel were minorities. We believe that the diversity of our workforce compares favorably to that of related energy industries.
The health and safety of those working on our behalf is a top priority. We promote a culture in which all personnel share the same commitment to health and safety, and recognize the importance of mitigating risks. Acting upon our commitment to safety, we engage all levels of employees and management, our Board, our contractors, and various external entities and organizations. We strive to achieve a goal of zero incidents and injuries. We track our safety performance by monitoring our Total Recordable Incident Rate (“TRIR”), which is an OSHA measure that generally reflects the number of recordable incidents per 100 full-time workers during a one-year period. Our TRIR for 2021 was 0.38, which compares favorably to the average TRIR for the midstream industry over the last six years. We strive for year-to-year improvement in our safety performance.
Our real property holdings fall into two basic categories: (i) parcels that we and our unconsolidated affiliates own in fee (e.g., we own the land upon which our Chambers County complex is constructed) and (ii) parcels in which our interests and those of our unconsolidated affiliates are derived from leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits or licenses from landowners or governmental authorities permitting the use of such land for our operations. The fee sites upon which our significant facilities are located have been owned by us or our predecessors in title for many years without any material challenge known to us relating to title to the land upon which the assets are located, and we believe that we have satisfactory title to such fee sites. We and our affiliates have no knowledge of any material challenge to the underlying fee title of any material lease, easement, right-of-way, permit or license held by us or to our rights pursuant to any material lease, easement, right-of-way, permit or license, and we believe that we have satisfactory rights pursuant to all of our material leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits and licenses.
