SALESFORCE INC report:
Today, global challenges require businesses to digitally transform while leveraging customer data to become more responsive, resilient and efficient. Companies also have to rethink and reshape everything about how and where their employees work. We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for a digital-first customer, employee, and partner experience and connect with their customers through digital channels. 
Our industry-leading AI-powered Customer 360 platform spans sales, service, marketing, commerce and more. It empowers our customers to work together, from anywhere, to deliver seamless, connected experiences for their customers. Our customers can select from our integrated Customer 360 solutions for any team, in any industry and for companies of any size, to get a single source of truth and complete view of their customers. 
Sales. Sales empowers sales teams of companies of every size and industry to manage and automate their entire sales process from leads to opportunities to billing, allowing them to sell faster, smarter and in the way they want. Our customers use our Sales offering to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast opportunities, gain insights through analytics and relationship intelligence and deliver quotes, contracts and invoices. Our Sales offering enables teams to work from anywhere in the office, on the go or at home and support the changing expectations of customers in a digital-first world.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products. 
Established Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of addressing the health needs of more people in emerging markets and being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition, Abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Femoston™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications. 
• Structural Heart – Development of transcatheter and surgical devices for the repair and replacement of heart valves, and occlusion therapies for congenital heart defects and stroke-risk reduction.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Restricted stock units (RSUs) granted to employees generally vest over five  years and allow for quarterly vesting of the pro-rata number of stock-based awards that would vest on the next anniversary of the grant date in the event of retirement or voluntary termination. Actual forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
Compensation expense for stock-based awards is predominantly recognized using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. Awards for employees and non-employee directors provide for accelerated vesting of a portion of outstanding shares based on cumulative years of service with the Company. Compensation expense for the accelerated shares is recognized upon achievement of the long-service term. The cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized at any point in time equals at least the portion of the grant-date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. The fair value of RSUs is calculated as the market value of the common stock on the measurement date less the present value of the expected dividends forgone during the vesting period. 
Stock-based compensation expense is predominantly included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Certain stock-based compensation costs are capitalized or included in the cost of merchandise. See Note 7  for additional information on the Company’s stock-based compensation plans.
