ALLSTATE CORP report:
Earthquakes We do not offer earthquake coverage in most states. We retain approximately 40,000 PIF with earthquake coverage, with the largest number of policies located in Kentucky, due to regulatory and other reasons. We purchase reinsurance in Kentucky and enter into arrangements in many states to make earthquake coverage available through our brokerage platform. 
We continue to have exposure to earthquake risk on certain policies that do not specifically exclude coverage for earthquake losses, including our auto policies, and to fires following earthquakes. Allstate homeowner policyholders in California are offered coverage for damage caused by an earthquake through the California Earthquake Authority (“CEA”), a privately-financed, publicly-managed state agency created to provide insurance coverage for earthquake damage. Allstate is subject to assessments from the CEA under certain circumstances as explained in Note 15 of the consolidated financial statements. While North Light writes property policies in California, which can include earthquake coverage, this coverage is 100% ceded via quota share reinsurance. 
Fires following earthquakes Under a standard homeowners policy we cover fire losses, including those caused by an earthquake. Actions taken related to our risk of loss from fires following earthquakes include restrictive underwriting guidelines in California for new business writings, purchasing reinsurance for Kentucky personal lines property risks, and purchasing nationwide occurrence reinsurance, excluding Florida.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, the Company's go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. In instances where the Company does not sell or price a product or service separately, the Company determines relative fair value using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As the Company’s go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP. 
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold or priced separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. 
If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, the Company uses a range of SSP. The Company determines the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. The Company typically has more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Pricing. With respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an important role in the wireless competitive landscape. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. Many wireless service providers also bundle wireless service offerings with other products and offer promotional pricing and incentives, some of which may be targeted specifically to customers of Verizon. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements. In addition, aggressive device promotions have become more common in an effort to gain a greater share of subscribers interested in changing carriers. With respect to wireline services, pricing is used by competitors to capture market share from incumbents, and it is a significant factor as non-traditional modes of providing communication services emerge and new entrants compete for customers. For example, VoIP and portal-based voice and video calling is often free or nearly free to customers and is often supported by advertising revenues. 
Customer service. We believe that high-quality customer service is a key factor in retaining customers and attracting new customers, including those of other providers. Our customer service, retention and satisfaction programs are based on providing customers with convenient and easy-to-use products and services and focusing on their needs in order to promote long-term relationships and minimize churn. The Verizon Up program, for example, was launched to promote long-term relationships with our Consumer customers. The program offers a variety of rewards to customers in exchange for points in connection with their account-related transactions. 
Customer service is highly valued by our Business customers. We provide Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other customers with ready access to their system and performance information, and we conduct proactive testing of our networks to identify issues before they affect our customers. We service our Small and Medium Business customers through service representatives and online support, as well as through store-based representatives for small business customers. For Wholesale customers, we pursue service improvement through continued system automation initiatives.
