VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We periodically receive offers from third parties to purchase or obtain licenses for patents and other intellectual property rights in exchange for royalties or other payments. We also periodically receive notices alleging that our products or services infringe on third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. These claims, whether against us directly or against third-party suppliers of products or services that we sell to our customers, if successful, could require us to pay damages or royalties, or cease offering the relevant products or services. 
Information about our acquisitions and divestitures is included in the 2019 Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders under the heading "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Acquisitions and Divestitures" and in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report. 
Verizon operates in a regulated and highly competitive market. Current and potential competitors include other voice and data service providers, such as other wireless companies, traditional telephone companies, cable companies, Internet service providers, software and application providers and other non-traditional competitors. Many of these companies have strong market presence, brand recognition and existing customer relationships, all of which contribute to a highly competitive market that may affect our future revenue growth. Some of our competitors also are subject to fewer regulatory constraints than Verizon. For many services offered by Verizon, the FCC is our primary regulator. The FCC has jurisdiction over interstate telecommunications services and other matters under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (Communications Act or Act). Other Verizon services are subject to state and local regulation.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial terms of one year or more. Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $34 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases. 
Represents purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and railroad freight lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. The ocean freight service agreements are short term contracts with a duration of less than a year. Ocean freight service agreements with terms in excess of one year are included in non-cancelable lease obligations. The railroad freight service agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used. The costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers 
as a component of the prices we charge for our products. However, changes in the market value of such freight services compared to the rates at which we have contracted them may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect. 
Our Employee Opinion Survey is a vehicle for employees to provide confidential feedback on their experience as Salesforce employees. The results are used to assess employee engagement, our company culture and our workplace environment. Based on the results of the most recent survey, 95% of responding employees indicated they were willing to give extra effort to get the job done and over 90% of responding employees indicated that they would recommend Salesforce as a great place to work. 
In an effort to protect the safety and well-being of our employees, during the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we closed our offices around the world during the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and have worked to address the unique challenges and needs of our employees. Refer to our “Environmental, Social and Governance” Section in Item 7 of Part II. for additional information on the actions we have taken to support our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic.
