SALESFORCE INC report:
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and require the Company's use of judgment. The carrying value is not adjusted for the Company's privately held equity securities if there are no observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of its strategic investments in privately held companies, the Company utilizes the most recent data available to the Company. The Company assesses its privately held debt and equity securities in its strategic investment portfolio at least quarterly for impairment. The Company’s impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors including the investee's financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee's product or technology and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered impaired, the Company recognizes an impairment through the consolidated statement of operations and establishes a new carrying value for the investment. 
If, based on the terms of these privately held and publicly traded securities, the Company determines that the Company exercises significant influence on the entity to which these securities relate, the Company will apply the equity method of accounting for such investments. 
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts with financial institutions to reduce foreign exchange risk. The Company uses forward currency derivative contracts to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar. The Company’s foreign currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as hedging instruments, are used to reduce the exchange rate risk associated primarily with intercompany receivables and payables. The Company’s derivative financial instruments program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes. The Company generally enters into master netting arrangements with the financial institutions with which it contracts for such derivative contracts, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty, thereby reducing credit-related losses in the event of the financial institutions' nonperformance. As of

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
an increase in marketing margin of $55 million due to a $48 million increase from our butane blending operations and a $22 million increase in sales of NGLs and other products at our Marcus Hook Industrial Complex due to more favorable market prices. These increases were partially offset by a $15 million decrease from the timing of optimization gains from our Mont Belvieu fractionators; and 
an increase of $126 million in operating expenses primarily due to a $30 million increase in costs to operate our fractionators and a $20 million increase in operating costs on our NGL pipelines as a result of higher throughput and the commissioning of our fifth fractionator in July 2018, a $36 million increase resulting from a change in the classification of certain customer reimbursements previously recorded as a reduction to operating expenses that are now classified as revenue following the adoption of ASC 606 on January 1, 2018, increases of $24 million and $7 million to operating costs at our Marcus Hook and Nederland terminals, respectively, as a result of significantly higher volumes through both terminals in 2018, an $8 million increase to environmental reserves and a $1 million increase to overhead allocations and maintenance repairs performed on our refinery services assets; and 
an increase of $10 million in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily due to a $6 million increase in overhead costs allocated to the segment, a $2 million increase in legal fees, a $1 million increase in management fees previously recorded in operating expenses and a $1 million increase in employee costs.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• “Organic Net Revenue” is defined as net revenues excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures (2) and currency rate fluctuations (3) . We also evaluate Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging and developed markets. 
• Our emerging markets include our Latin America region in its entirety; the AMEA region, excluding Australia, New Zealand and Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Georgia, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries. 
• Our developed markets include the entire North America region, the Europe region excluding the countries included in the emerging markets definition, and Australia, New Zealand and Japan from the AMEA region.
