US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We also distribute a variety of non-food products, such as food containers, kitchen equipment and cleaning materials, and are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the storage, transportation, distribution, sale and labeling of those non-food products, including requirements to provide information about the hazards of certain chemicals present in some of the products we distribute. 
Our customers include several departments of the U.S. federal government, as well as certain state and local governmental entities. These customer relationships subject us to additional regulations applicable to government contractors. 
The U.S. Department of Labor and its agencies, the Employee Benefits Security Administration, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, regulate our employment practices and standards for workers. We are also subject to laws that prohibit discrimination in employment based on non-merit categories, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and other laws relating to accessibility and the removal of barriers. Our workers’ compensation self-insurance is subject to regulation by the jurisdictions in which we operate.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives. 
Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina. 
Applying the definition of “Adjusted EPS” (1) , the adjustments made to “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income tables above as well as gains/(losses) related to interest rate swaps; loss on debt extinguishment; U.S. tax reform discrete net tax impact; net gains/(losses) on equity method investment transactions; and our proportionate share of unusual or infrequent items recorded by our JDE and Keurig equity method investees. We also evaluate Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. We believe Adjusted EPS provides improved comparability of underlying operating results.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising, formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers’ products may increase competitive pressure. 
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes care products for people with diabetes, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. Medical devices are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, depending upon the product, medical devices are generally marketed and sold directly to wholesalers, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, physicians’ offices, and distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. 
• rhythm management products, including Assurity MRI ® and Endurity MRI ® pacemaker systems, and Aveir ® VR single-chamber VR leadless pacemaker system; Ellipse ® , Fortify Assura ® , and Gallant ® implantable cardioverter defibrillators and Gallant and Quadra Assura MP ® implantable cardioverter defibrillator with cardiac resynchronization therapy and MultiPoint™ Pacing technology; and Confirm Rx ® and Jot Dx ® implantable cardiac monitors;
