BOEING CO report:
The global outbreak of COVID-19 and the residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding continue to have significant adverse impacts on our business and are expected to continue to negatively impact revenue, earnings and operating cash flow in future quarters. They are also having a significant impact on our liquidity - see Liquidity Matters in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion of liquidity and additional actions we are taking in response to these challenges. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented shock to demand for air travel, creating a tremendous challenge for our customers, our business and the entire commercial aerospace manufacturing and services sector. Global economic growth, a primary driver for air travel, is expected to have declined to between -4% and -5% in 2020. The latest International Air Transport Association (IATA) forecast projected full-year 2020 passenger traffic to be down more than 60% compared to 2019 as global economic activity slows due to COVID-19, and governments severely restricted travel to contain the spread of the virus. The recovery remains slow and uneven as travel restrictions and varying regional travel protocols continue to impact air travel. Generally, we expect domestic travel to recover faster than international travel. As a result, we expect the narrow-body market to recover faster than the wide-body market. Also, the pace of the commercial market recovery will be heavily dependent on COVID-19 infection rates, progress on testing, government travel restrictions, and timing and availability of a vaccine. Air cargo traffic levels contracted this year due to weak global trade growth and capacity limitations given the large impact that COVID-19 has had on international passenger operations, which also carry cargo. Demand for dedicated freighters is developing better relative to cargo traffic trends. 
Airline financial performance, which also plays a role in the demand for new capacity, has been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to IATA, net losses in 2020 for the airline industry are expected to be approximately $118 billion, compared to net profits of $26 billion in 2019. Our customers are taking actions to combat the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the market by preserving liquidity. This comes in many forms such as deferrals of advances and other payments to suppliers, deferrals of deliveries, reduced spending on services, and, in some cases, cancellation of orders. We face a challenging environment in the near to medium term as airlines adjust to reduced traffic which in turn will lower demand for commercial aerospace products and services. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Since the Foundation’s and Salesforce.org’s inception, the Company has provided at no charge certain resources to those entities' employees such as office space, furniture, equipment, facilities, services and other resources. The value of these items was approximately $15 million , $11 million  and $3 million  for fiscal 2019 , 2018  and 2017, respectively. 
Additionally, the Company allows Salesforce.org to donate subscriptions of the Company’s services to other qualified non-profit organizations. The Company also allows Salesforce.org to resell the Company’s service to non-profit organizations 
and certain education entities. The Company does not charge Salesforce.org for these subscriptions, therefore income from subscriptions sold to non-profit organizations is donated back to the community through charitable grants made by the Foundation and Salesforce.org. The value of the subscriptions sold by Salesforce.org pursuant to the reseller agreement, as amended, was approximately $253 million , $183 million  and $112 million  for fiscal 2019 , 2018  and 2017, respectively.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• The Risk and Return Committee (“RRC”) of the Allstate Board oversees effectiveness of the ERRM program, governance structure and risk-related decision-making, while focusing on the Company’s overall risk profile. 
• The ERRC directs ERRM activities by establishing risk and return targets, determining economic capital levels and monitoring integrated strategies and actions from an enterprise risk and return perspective. The ERRC consists of Allstate’s chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief risk officer and other senior leaders. 
• Other key committees work with the ERRC to direct ERRM activities, including the Operating Committee, the Operational Risk and Return Council, the Information Security Council, the ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) Steering Committee, liability governance committees, and investment committees.
