ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our success in raising capital, including partnering with other companies to share costs and risks, continues to be a significant factor in determining how much capital we can invest. We believe our access to capital resources is sufficient to meet the demands of our current and future growth needs and, although we expect to make the forecast capital expenditures noted above, we may adjust the timing and amounts of projected expenditures in response to changes in capital market conditions. 
(2) Growth capital projects either (a) result in new sources of cash flow due to enhancements of or additions to existing assets (e.g., additional revenue streams, cost savings resulting from debottlenecking of a facility, etc.) or (b) expand our asset base through construction of new facilities that will generate additional revenue streams and cash flows. 
(3) Sustaining capital expenditures are capital expenditures (as defined by GAAP) resulting from improvements to existing assets. Such expenditures serve to maintain existing operations but do not generate additional revenues or result in significant cost savings.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Repair and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. Expenditures for remodels, refurbishments and improvements that add to or change asset function or useful life are capitalized. Assets removed during the remodel, refurbishment or improvement are retired. Assets classified as held-for-sale at the end of 2023 and 2022 were immaterial. 
11,512   10,275   Construction in progress N/A 1,266   1,582   43,369   39,932   Accumulated depreciation and amortization ( 16,685 ) ( 15,286 ) Property and equipment, net $ 26,684   $ 24,646   
The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances may indicate the carrying amount of the asset group, generally an individual warehouse, may not be fully recoverable. For asset groups held and used, including warehouses to be relocated, the carrying value of the asset group is considered recoverable when the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group exceed the respective carrying value. In the event that the carrying value is not considered recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the asset group to be held and used equal to the excess of the carrying value above the estimated fair value of the asset group. For asset groups classified as held-for-sale (disposal group), the carrying value is compared to the disposal group’s fair value less costs to sell. The Company estimates fair value by obtaining market appraisals from third party brokers or using other valuation techniques. Impairment charges recognized in 2023 were immaterial. In 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized write-offs of $ 118 and $ 84 for information technology assets which are reflected in SG&A.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company's investment policy is to maximize the total rate of return on plan assets to meet the long-term funding obligations of the Pension Plan. There are no restrictions on types of investments held in the Pension Plan, which are invested using a combination of active management and passive investment strategies. Risk is controlled through diversification among multiple asset classes, managers, styles and securities. Risk is further controlled both at the manager and asset class level by assigning return targets and evaluating performance against these targets. The following table presents Pension Plan asset allocations by asset category. 
Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
Restructuring charges include contract terminations, employee terminations and facility closures. For the year ended December 31, 2018 , these charges result from activities to integrate Scripps Networks and establish an efficient cost structure. Contract-related restructuring charges include costs to terminate certain production commitments, life of series production and content licensing contracts. Employee terminations relate to cost reduction efforts and management changes. Facility-related restructuring charges are recognized upon exiting all or a portion of a leased facility after meeting cease-use requirements. Other charges relate to content write-offs that resulted from strategic programming changes following the acquisition of Scripps Networks. Charges incurred in 2017  and 2016  resulted from management changes and cost reduction efforts, including employee terminations, intended to enable the Company to more efficiently operate in a leaner and more directed cost structure and invest in growth initiatives, including digital services and content creation.
