ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Each issued and outstanding ETO preferred unit was converted into the right to receive one newly created Energy Transfer preferred unit. A description of the Energy Transfer Preferred Units is included in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 
• Each of ETO’s issued and outstanding Class K, Class L, Class M and Class N units were converted into an aggregate 675,625,000 newly created Class B Units representing limited partner interests in Energy Transfer. All of the Class B Units are held by ETP Holdco, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Energy Transfer. 
Natural gas transportation pipelines receive natural gas from other mainline transportation pipelines, storage facilities and gathering systems and deliver the natural gas to industrial end-users, storage facilities, utilities, power generators and other third-party pipelines. Through our intrastate transportation and storage segment, we own and operate (through wholly-owned subsidiaries or through joint venture interests) approximately 11,600 miles of natural gas transportation pipelines with approximately 24 Bcf/d of transportation capacity, three natural gas storage facilities located in the state of Texas and two natural gas storage facilities located in the state of Oklahoma.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In addition to the DRIP, we have registration statements on file with the SEC in connection with our EUPP. We issued 545,170 new common units, which generated net cash proceeds of $15.1 million, under the EUPP in 2018. After taking into account the number of common units issued under the EUPP through December 31, 2018, we have the capacity to deliver an additional 5,215,641 common units under this plan. 
The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years indicated (dollars in millions). For additional information regarding our cash flow amounts, please refer to the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities are largely dependent on earnings from our consolidated business activities. Changes in energy commodity prices may impact the demand for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemical and refined products, which could impact sales of our products and the demand for our midstream services. Changes in demand for our products and services may be caused by other factors, including prevailing economic conditions, reduced demand by consumers for the end products made with hydrocarbon products, increased competition, adverse weather conditions and government regulations affecting prices and production levels.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Similar to U.S. Networks, a significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to fees charged to operators who distribute our linear networks. Such operators primarily include cable and DTH satellite service providers. International television markets vary in their stages of development. Some markets, such as the U.K., are more advanced digital television markets, while others remain in the analog environment with varying degrees of investment from operators to expand channel capacity or convert to digital technologies. Common practice in some markets results in long-term contractual distribution relationships, while customers in other markets renew contracts annually. Distribution revenue for our International Networks segment is largely dependent on the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, the rates negotiated in the distributor agreements, and the market demand for the content that we provide. International Networks additionally generates revenues through DTC subscription services. 
The other significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to advertising sold on our television networks and across distribution platforms, similar to U.S. Networks. Advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the development of pay and FTA television markets, the number of subscribers to and viewers of our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our programming, and our ability to sell commercial time over a portfolio of channels on multiple platforms. In certain markets, our advertising sales business operates with in-house sales teams, while we rely on external sales representation services in other markets. Outside the U.S., advertisers typically buy advertising closer to the time when the commercials will be run. In developing pay-TV markets, we expect advertising revenue growth will result from subscriber growth, our localization strategy, and the shift of advertising spending from broadcast to pay-TV. In mature markets, such as Western Europe, high proportions of market penetration and distribution are unlikely to drive rapid revenue growth. Instead, growth in advertising sales comes from increasing viewership and pricing and launching new services, either in pay-TV, broadcast, or FTA television environments. 
During 2020, advertising, distribution and other revenues were 42%, 54% and 3%, respectively, of total net revenues for this segment. While we have traditionally operated cable networks, in recent years an increasing portion of our international advertising revenue is generated by FTA or broadcast networks, unlike U.S. Networks. During 2020, pay-TV networks generated 33% of International Networks' advertising revenue and FTA or broadcast networks generated 67% of International Networks' advertising revenue. We also have increased efforts to drive revenue growth from digital products such as the dplay DTC entertainment service in select international markets.
