BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Distribution and Logistics —We have developed an extensive global logistics network to transport our products, including trucks, railcars, river barges and ocean freight vessels. Typically, we either lease the transportation assets or contract with third parties for these services. To better serve our customer base and develop our global distribution and logistics capabilities, we own or operate either directly or through joint venture arrangements, various port terminal facilities globally, including in Brazil, Argentina, the United States, Canada, Russia, Ukraine, Poland, Vietnam and Australia. 
Financial Services and Activities —We also offer various financial services, principally trade structured finance and financial risk management services for customers and other third parties. Our trade structured finance operations leverage our international trade flows to generate trade finance derived liquidity in emerging markets for third parties. Our financial risk management services include structuring and marketing risk management products to enable agricultural producers and end users of commodities to manage their commodity price risk exposures. We also engage in trading of foreign exchange and other financial instruments in our financial services business. Additionally, in Brazil, we provide financing services to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities. Our farmer financing activities are an integral part of our grain and oilseed origination activities as they help assure the annual supply of raw materials for our Brazilian agribusiness operations. 
Biodiesel —We own and operate biodiesel facilities in Europe and Brazil   and have equity method investments in biodiesel producers in Europe and Argentina. This business is complementary to our core Agribusiness operations as in each case we supply some of the raw materials (refined or partially refined vegetable oil) used in their production processes.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
3,138 3,367 Other 67 78 Reserve for life-contingent contract benefits $ 8,985   $ 8,530   Deferred fixed annuities $ 6,033 $ 6,499 Immediate fixed annuities without life contingencies 2,163 2,346 Other 147 127 Contractholder funds $ 8,343   $ 8,972   
(1) Comprises structured settlement annuities for annuitants with severe injuries or other health impairments which increased their expected mortality rate at the time the annuity was issued (“sub-standard structured settlements”) and group annuity contracts issued to sponsors of terminated pension plans. 
(2) Comprises structured settlement annuities for annuitants with standard life expectancy (“standard structured settlements”) and single premium immediate annuities (“SPIA”) with life contingencies.

BOEING CO report:
• We inquired of project managers, engineers, supply chain leadership, and others directly involved with the execution of contracts to evaluate management’s ability to achieve the key cost and schedule estimates, as well as evaluate project status and challenges which may affect total estimated costs to complete. 
• We performed retrospective reviews when evaluating the thoroughness and precision of management’s estimation process and effectiveness of the related internal controls by comparing actual outcomes to previous estimates and the related financial statement impact, and evaluating key judgments made by management when determining the timing of changes to key estimates. 
• We tested the effectiveness of internal controls including, those over the review of significant judgments made and assumptions used to develop key estimates, key data used in developing the estimates and the mathematical extrapolation of such data.
