VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The U.S. wireless market has achieved a high penetration of smartphones, which reduces the opportunity for new phone connection growth for the industry. We expect future revenue growth in the industry to be driven by expanding existing customer relationships, increasing the number of ways customers can connect with wireless networks and services and increasing the penetration of other connected devices including wearables, tablets and IoT devices. We expect 5G technology will provide a significant opportunity for growth in the industry in 2022 and beyond. With respect to our wireless connectivity products and services, we compete against other national wireless service providers, including AT&T Inc. and T-Mobile USA, Inc., as well as various regional wireless service providers. We also compete for retail activations with resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers, including Verizon, and resell it to their customers. Resellers include cable companies and others. We face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc., Meta Platforms, Inc. and others are offering alternative means for messaging and making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless provider’s voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content. 
With respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an important role in the wireless competitive landscape. We compete in this area by offering our customers services and devices that we believe they will regard as the best available value for the price. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. These service offerings will vary from time to time based on customer needs, technology changes and market conditions and may be provided as standard plans or as part of limited time promotional offers. 
We expect future service revenue growth opportunities to arise from increased access revenue as customers shift to higher access plans, driven in part by attractive bundled content with premium brands, as well as from increased connections per account. Future service revenue growth opportunities will be dependent on expanding the penetration of our services, increasing the number of ways that our customers can connect with our networks and services and the development of new ecosystems. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Effective at the start of fiscal 2019, the Company adopted the provisions and expanded disclosure requirements described in ASU 2014-09 also referred to as Topic 606. The Company adopted the standard using the full retrospective method. Accordingly, the results for the prior comparable periods were adjusted to conform to the current period measurement and recognition of results. 
Removal of the limitation on contingent revenue, which can result in the subscription and support revenue for certain multi-year customer contracts being recognized earlier in the duration of the contract term; 
Inclusion of an estimate of variable consideration, such as overage fees, in the total transaction price, which results in the estimated fees being recognized ratably over the contract term, further resulting in the recognition of subscription and support revenues before the actual variable consideration occurs.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Investments in Russia and Ukraine As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any direct investments in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine. We have indirect exposure of less than $1 million in Russia and Ukraine through broad-based, global funds managed by external asset managers. 
Through our integrated enterprise risk and return management framework, we concluded in late 2021 that due to increasing enterprise risks from elevated inflation, the amount of investment risk we were willing to accept had declined. As a result, we decreased the allocation of economic capital to the investment portfolio. This decision led to a reduction in interest rate risk by shortening the portfolio duration beginning in the fourth quarter of 2021, primarily through the sale of long corporate and municipal bonds and the use of derivatives. These proactive actions mitigated portfolio losses by approximately $2 billion in 2022. As recession risks increased during 2022, we also reduced the amount of equity risk and credit risk in the portfolio through a reduction in public equity, high yield bonds and bank loans. We expect to maintain performance-based investments in our portfolio, consistent with our strategy to have a greater proportion of return derived from idiosyncratic asset or operating performance. The portfolio remains defensively positioned to interest rate, equity and credit risk at year-end relative to our positioning prior to these risk-reducing actions. 
3,698 96 32 347 4,173 Other investments, net 1,606 — 120 2 1,728 Total $ 54,011   $ 1,917   $ 1,872   $ 4,029   $ 61,829   Percent to total 87.4   % 3.1   % 3.0   % 6.5   % 100.0   % Market-based $ 44,929 $ 1,917 $ 1,872 $ 4,027 $ 52,745 Performance-based 9,082 — — 2 9,084 Total $ 54,011   $ 1,917   $ 1,872   $ 4,029   $ 61,829
