ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In December 2019, we announced the execution of a letter of intent (“LOI”) with an affiliate of Enbridge Inc. (“Enbridge”) to jointly develop our SPOT in the Gulf of Mexico. Under terms of the LOI, we agreed to negotiate an equity participation right agreement with Enbridge whereby, subject to SPOT receiving a deepwater port license, an affiliate of Enbridge could acquire a noncontrolling member interest in SPOT Terminal Services LLC, which owns SPOT.
In October 2019, we announced long-term agreements supporting construction of the “Midland-to-ECHO 4” pipeline. The Midland-to-ECHO 4 pipeline will connect our Midland terminal in Midland, Texas with our ECHO terminal in Houston, Texas utilizing both new construction and segments of our existing crude oil pipelines in South Texas. The Midland-to-ECHO 4 pipeline is expected to enter service during the second quarter of 2021 and have an initial transportation capacity of 450 MBPD (expandable up to 540 MBPD). When placed into service, the Midland-to-ECHO 4 pipeline will allow our shippers with crude oil and condensate production in both the Permian Basin and the Eagle Ford Shale to maximize the value of their contracted pipeline capacity by allowing shippers to source barrels from the Permian Basin and/or the Eagle Ford Shale. This unmatched flexibility will allow shippers and producers to dynamically match their pipeline capacity to their allocation of capital and respective production profiles between the two basins. Their production will be delivered into our integrated storage, pipeline, distribution and marine terminal system that has access to both domestic and international markets.
The Midland-to-ECHO 4 pipeline complements our Midland-to-ECHO 1 and 2 pipelines, which entered full service in the second quarter of 2018 and first quarter of 2019, respectively, as well as our Midland-to-ECHO 3 pipeline. The Midland-to-ECHO 3 pipeline, which is comprised of a 29% undivided interest in a 36-inch pipeline we are currently constructing from Midland, Texas to our ECHO terminal and further to a third-party terminal in Webster, Texas, is expected to provide 200 MBPD of transportation capacity when placed into service during the third quarter of 2020, increasing to approximately 450 MBPD during the fourth quarter of 2020. Together, these four projects (Midland-to-ECHO 1, 2, 3 and 4) comprise our Midland-to-ECHO System, which supports crude oil production growth from the Permian Basin (and Eagle Ford Shale, as applicable) by providing producers and other shippers with transportation solutions that are both cost-efficient and operationally flexible. The Midland-to-ECHO System is expected to include 6 MMBbls of storage at our Midland terminal and access to more than 45 MMBbls of storage and approximately 4 MMBPD of export capacity at partnership assets along the Texas Gulf Coast. The network connects to every refinery in the Houston, Texas City and Beaumont/Port Arthur area, which we believe represents approximately 8 MMBPD of refining capacity.

SALESFORCE INC report:
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs. 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2020 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions): 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2019 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., medical devices are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott’s medical device products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process.
In the EU, medical devices are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the Directive. In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) which replaces the existing directives in the EU for medical devices. The MDR will apply after a three to five-year (depending on product classification) transition period and imposes additional premarket and postmarket regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products.
