ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Seminole NGL Pipeline transports NGLs from the Hobbs hub and the Permian Basin to markets in southeast Texas, including our Chambers County NGL fractionation complex. NGLs originating on the Mid-America Pipeline System are a significant source of throughput for the Seminole NGL Pipeline.
In August 2022, we announced plans to expand our Shin Oak NGL Pipeline transportation capacity by up to 275 MBPD to approximately 825 MBPD. We anticipate that this expansion project will be completed in the first half of 2025.
 • The Texas Express Pipeline extends from Skellytown, Texas to our Chambers County NGL fractionation and storage complex. Mixed NGLs from production fields located in the Rocky Mountains, Permian Basin and Mid-Continent regions are delivered to the Texas Express Pipeline via an interconnect with our Mid-America Pipeline System near Skellytown. In addition, the Texas Express Pipeline transports mixed NGLs gathered by the Texas Express Gathering System. Also, mixed NGLs originating from the Denver-Julesburg (“DJ”) Basin in Colorado are transported to the Texas Express Pipeline using the Front Range Pipeline.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For equity investments without readily determinable fair value, the Company has elected to apply the measurement alternative. Under this election, investments are recorded at cost, less impairment, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes as of the date that an observable transaction takes place. The Company performs a qualitative assessment each reporting period to determine if an investment is impaired. If the qualitative assessment indicates that an investment is impaired, the Company is required to estimate the fair value of the investment and recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference between the fair value and carrying value in the current period as a component of other (expense) income, net . (See Note 4.) 
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to modify its exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and from market volatility related to certain equity investments measured at fair value. At the inception of a derivative contract, the Company designates the derivative as one of four types based on the Company's intentions and expectations as to the likely effectiveness as a hedge. These four types are: (i) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability ("cash flow hedge"), (ii) a hedge of net investments in foreign operations ("net investment hedge"), (iii) a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment ("fair value hedge"), or (iv) an instrument with no hedging designation. (See Note 10.) 
As a result of ASU 2017-12, for foreign exchange forward contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges, the ineffective portion (if any) will not be separately recorded, as the entire change in the fair value of the forward contract will be recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into the statement of operations in the same line item in which the hedged item is recorded and in the same period as the hedged item affects earnings.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Other Countries. Since we sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in over 80 countries, we monitor economic and currency-related risks and seek to take protective measures in response to these exposures. Some of the countries in which we do business have recently experienced periods of significant economic uncertainty and exchange rate volatility, including Brazil, China, Mexico, Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Egypt, Nigeria, South Africa and Pakistan. We continue to monitor operations, currencies and net monetary exposures in these countries. At this time, we do not anticipate that these countries are at risk of becoming highly inflationary economies. 
We account for transfers of financial assets, such as uncommitted revolving non-recourse accounts receivable factoring arrangements, when we have surrendered control over the related assets. Determining whether control has transferred requires an evaluation of relevant legal considerations, an assessment of the nature and extent of our continuing involvement with the assets transferred and any other relevant considerations. We use receivable factoring arrangements periodically when circumstances are favorable to manage liquidity. We have nonrecourse factoring arrangements in which we sell eligible trade receivables primarily to banks in exchange for cash. We may then continue to collect the receivables sold, acting solely as a collecting agent on behalf of the banks. The outstanding principal amount of receivables under these arrangements amounted to $ 819 million as of December 31, 2018 , $ 843 million as of December 31, 2017 and $ 677 million as of December 31, 2016 . The incremental costs of factoring receivables under this arrangement were $ 10 million or less in each of the years presented. The proceeds from the sales of receivables are included in cash from operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost and depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Machinery and equipment are depreciated over periods ranging from 3 to 20 years and buildings and building improvements over periods up to 40 years.
