ALLSTATE CORP report:
PLIGA annually collects a UCJF assessment from all admitted property and casualty insurers writing motor vehicle liability insurance in New Jersey for UCJF indemnification and expenses. UCJF assessments can be expensed as losses recoverable in rates as 
North Carolina Reinsurance Facility The NCRF provides automobile liability insurance to drivers that insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. All insurers licensed to write automobile insurance in North Carolina are members of the NCRF. Premiums, losses and expenses are assigned to the NCRF. North Carolina law allows the NCRF to recoup operating losses for certain insureds through a surcharge to policyholders. As of September 30, 2020, the NCRF reported a deficit of $ 125 million in members’ equity. The NCRF implemented a loss recoupment surcharge on all private passenger and commercial fleet policies effective October 1, 2020, through September 30, 2021. Member companies are assessed the recoupment surcharge. The loss recoupment surcharge will be adjusted on October 1, 2021 and discontinued once losses are recovered. The NCRF results are shared by the member companies in proportion to their respective North Carolina automobile liability writings. For the fiscal year ending September 30, 2020, net loss was $ 15 million, including $ 1.10 billion of earned premiums, $ 170 million of certain private passenger auto risk recoupment and $ 69.7 million of member loss recoupments. As of December 31, 2020, the NCRF recoverables on paid claims is $ 8.6 million and recoverables on unpaid claims is $ 58.4 million. Paid recoverable balances, if covered, are typically settled within sixty days of monthly filing. 
Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund Allstate subsidiaries Castle Key Insurance Company (“CKIC”) and Castle Key Indemnity Company (“CKI”, and together with CKIC, “Castle Key”) participate in the mandatory coverage provided by the FHCF and therefore have access to reimbursement for certain qualifying Florida hurricane losses from the FHCF. Castle Key has exposure to assessments and pays annual premiums to the FHCF for this reimbursement protection. The FHCF has the authority to issue bonds to pay its obligations to participating insurers in excess of its capital balances. Payment of these bonds is funded by emergency assessments on all property and casualty premiums in the state, except workers’ compensation, medical malpractice, accident and health insurance and policies written under the National Flood Insurance Program (“NFIP”). The FHCF emergency assessments are limited to 6 % of premiums per year beginning the first year in which reimbursements require bonding, and up to a total of 10 % of premiums per year for assessments in the second and subsequent years, if required to fund additional bonding. The FHCF issued $ 2.00 billion in pre-event bonds in 2013 to build its capacity to reimburse member companies’ claims. The FHCF plans to fund these pre-event bonds through current FHCF cash flows. Pursuant to an Order issued by the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation, the emergency assessment is zero for all policies issued or renewed on or after January 1, 2015.

BOEING CO report:
On January 6, 2021, we entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice that resolves the Department of Justice’s previously disclosed investigation into us regarding the evaluation of the 737 MAX airplane by the Federal Aviation Administration. Under the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement, we agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging the Company with one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States, based on the conduct of two former 737 MAX program technical pilots; the criminal information will be dismissed after three years, provided that we comply with our obligations under the agreement. The Deferred Prosecution Agreement requires that we make payments totaling $ 2,510 , which consist of (a) a $ 244 criminal monetary penalty; (b) $ 500 in additional compensation to the heirs and/or beneficiaries of those who died in the Lion Air Flight 610 and Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302 accidents; and (c) $ 1,770 to the Company’s airline customers for harm incurred as a result of the grounding of the 737 MAX, offset in part by payments already made and the remainder satisfied through payments to be made prior to the termination of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement. The agreement also requires that we review our compliance program and undertake continuous improvement efforts with respect to it, and implement enhanced compliance reporting and internal controls mechanisms. We expensed $ 744 in the fourth quarter of 2020 related to this agreement. During the first quarter, consistent with the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement, the monetary penalty was paid, and the $ 500 compensation amount was transferred to a fund established to benefit the heirs and/or beneficiaries of the victims of the 737 MAX accidents. In addition, the $ 1,770 amount related to the Company’s airline customers was included in amounts reserved in prior quarters for 737 MAX customer considerations. 
During 2019, we entered into agreements with Embraer S.A. (Embraer) to establish joint ventures that included the commercial aircraft and services operations of Embraer, of which we were expected to acquire an 80 percent ownership stake for $ 4,200 , as well as a joint venture to promote and develop new markets for the C-390 Millennium. In 2020, we exercised our contractual right to terminate these agreements based on Embraer’s failure to meet certain required closing conditions. Embraer has disputed our right to terminate the agreements, and the dispute is currently in arbitration. We cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, that may result from the arbitration. 
Our primary profitability measurements to review a segment’s operating results are Earnings/(loss) from operations and operating margins. We operate in four reportable segments: BCA, BDS, BGS and BCC.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is the principal for the majority of its transactions and recognizes revenue on a gross basis. The Company is the principal when it has control of the merchandise or service before it is transferred to the member, which generally is established when Costco is primarily responsible for merchandising decisions, pricing discretion, and maintains the relationship with the member, including assurance of member service and satisfaction. 
The Company accounts for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, ratably over the one-year membership period. Deferred membership fees at the end of 2022 and 2021 were $ 2,174 and $ 2,042 , respectively. 
In most countries, the Company's Executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases, subject to an annual maximum value, which does not expire and is redeemable at Costco warehouses. The Company accounts for this reward as a reduction in sales, net of the estimated impact of non-redemptions (breakage), with the corresponding liability classified as accrued member rewards in the consolidated balance sheets. Estimated breakage is computed based on redemption data. For 2022, 2021, and 2020, the net reduction in sales was $ 2,307 , $ 2,047 , and $ 1,707 respectively.
