US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted net income are non-GAAP measures used by management to measure operating performance. EBITDA is defined as net income (loss), plus interest expense—net, income tax provision (benefit), and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adjusted for (1) Former Sponsor fees; (2) restructuring (benefit) charges and tangible asset impairments; (3) share-based compensation expense; (4) the non-cash impact of LIFO reserve adjustments; (5) loss on extinguishment of debt; (6) pension settlements; (7) business transformation costs; and (8) other gains, losses, or charges as specified in the agreements governing our indebtedness. Adjusted net income is defined as net income (loss) excluding the items used to calculate Adjusted EBITDA listed above and further adjusted for the tax effect of the exclusions and discrete tax items. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted net income as presented in this Annual Report are supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by—or presented in accordance with—GAAP. They are not measurements of our performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP. 
Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure that is defined as cash flows provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Free cash flow is used by management as a supplemental measure of our liquidity. We believe that free cash flow is a useful financial metric to assess our ability to pursue business opportunities and investments. Free cash flow is not a measure of our liquidity under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows provided by operating activities. 
Total case volume decreased 1.2%  in 2018 . The decrease reflected select planned chain customer exits, which were partially offset by growth with independent restaurants. Organic case volume decreased 1.6%  in 2018 , reflecting similar customer trends.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $ 39 million in 2018 and $ 109 million in 2017. These tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to AbbVie’s operations for years prior to the separation. Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), which was formed to hold Abbott’s research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business, in January 2013. Abbott has retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to AbbVie’s business. AbbVie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business.
In September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for $ 4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $ 1.163 billion including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $ 728 million in 2017 related to the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. For 2017, the AMO loss before taxes included in Abbott’s consolidated earnings was $ 18 million.
Other (income) expense, net, for 2019, 2018 and 2017 includes approximately $ 225 million, $ 160 million and $ 160 million of income, respectively, related to the non-service cost components of the net periodic benefit costs associated with the pension and post-retirement medical plans. Other (income) expense, net, for 2017 includes a pre-tax gain of $ 1.163 billion related to the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson. In 2017, Abbott recorded a $ 45 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of the Mylan N.V. ordinary shares. See Note 4 — Discontinued Operations and Business Dispositions for further discussion of these 2017 sales.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
Traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services; 
For revenue reporting purposes, we group all of our service offerings into four major categories: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Salesforce Platform and Other, and Marketing and Commerce Cloud. Our subscription and support revenues are disaggregated into these four core offerings. For a more detailed discussion, see the “Revenue by Cloud Service Offering” discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
