SALESFORCE INC report:
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:  
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:  
(3) During fiscal 2021, the Company recorded approximately $ 2.0 billion of a one-time benefit from a discrete tax item related to the recognition of deferred tax assets resulting from an intra-entity transfer of intangible property.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
insure. All insurers licensed to write property insurance in North Carolina are members of the NCJUA. Premiums, losses and expenses of the NCJUA are shared by the member companies in proportion to their respective North Carolina property insurance writings. Member companies participate in plan deficits or surpluses based on their participation ratios, which are determined annually. The Company had a $ 5 million receivable from the NCJUA at December 31, 2022 representing its participation in the NCJUA’s surplus of $ 18 million for all open years. 
North Carolina Insurance Underwriting Association The North Carolina Insurance Underwriting Association (“NCIUA”) provides property insurance, including windstorm and hail coverage, for properties located in the state’s beach and coastal areas that private insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. All insurers licensed to write residential and commercial property insurance in North Carolina are members of the NCIUA. Members are assessed in proportion to their North Carolina residential and commercial property insurance writings, which is determined annually and varies by coverage, for plan deficits. As of December 31, 2022, the NCIUA had a surplus of $ 853 million. No member company is entitled to the distribution of any portion of the NCIUA’s surplus. The Company does not recognize any interest related to this surplus. Legislation in 2009 capped insurers’ assessments for losses incurred in any calendar year at $ 1.00 billion. Subsequent to an industry assessment of $ 1.00 billion, if the plan continues to require funding, it may authorize insurers to assess a 10 % catastrophe recovery charge on each property insurance policy statewide to be remitted to the plan. 
Under state insurance guaranty fund laws, insurers doing business in a state can be assessed, up to prescribed limits, for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. Amounts assessed to each company are typically related to its proportion of business written in each state. The Company’s policy is to accrue assessments when the entity for which the insolvency relates has met its state of domicile’s statutory definition of insolvency, the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable and the related premium upon which the assessment is based is written. In most states, the definition is met with a declaration of financial insolvency by a court of competent jurisdiction. In certain states there must also be a final order of liquidation. Since most states allow a credit against premium or other state related taxes for assessments, an asset is recorded based on paid and accrued assessments for the amount the Company expects to recover on the respective state’s tax return and is realized over the period allowed by each state. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the liability balance included in other liabilities and accrued expenses was $ 29 million and $ 17 million, respectively. The related

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Product and service development. As wireless technologies develop and wireless broadband networks proliferate, continued customer and revenue growth will be increasingly dependent on the development of new and enhanced data products and services. We continue to pursue the development and rapid deployment of new and innovative wireless products and services both independently and in collaboration with application and content providers. We also collaborate with various device manufacturers in the development of distinctive smartphones and other wireless devices that can access the growing array of data applications and content available over the Internet. We continue to focus on increasing the penetration of smartphones, tablets and other connected devices throughout our customer base. In addition, as the price for smartphones has continued to increase in the market, our device protection services have grown in importance for consumers. 
Sales and distribution. A key to achieving sales success in the wireless industry is the reach and quality of sales channels and distribution points. We believe that attaining the optimal combination of varying distribution channels is important to achieving industry-leading profitability, as measured by operating income. We strive to increase sales through our company-operated stores, outside sales teams and telemarketing, web-based sales and fulfillment capabilities, our extensive indirect distribution network of retail outlets and prepaid replenishment locations, and through manufacturers of laptops and netbooks that can access the Internet on our network at broadband speeds. In addition, we sell network access to both traditional resellers, which resell network services to their end-users , and to various companies to enable wireless communications for their IoT devices or services. 
Capital resources. In order to expand the capacity and coverage of their networks and introduce new products and services, wireless service providers require significant capital resources. We generate significant cash flow from operations to enable continued investment.
