ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We operate our crude oil pipelines with the exception of the Basin Pipeline, Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System and Midland-to-ECHO 3 Pipeline. The following information describes our principal crude oil pipelines:
 • The Midland- to-ECHO System supports Permian Basin crude oil production by providing producers and other shippers with transportation solutions that are both cost-efficient and operationally flexible. After aggregating crude at our Midland terminal, the system has the capability to transport multiple grades of crude oil, including West Texas Intermediate (“WTI”), WTI light sweet crude oil (“West Texas Light”), West Texas Sour, and condensate, to our Enterprise Crude Houston (“ECHO”) storage terminal (using batched shipments to safeguard crude quality) for further delivery to markets along the Gulf Coast. Using the ECHO terminal, shippers on the Midland-to-ECHO System have access to every refinery in Houston, Texas City, Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas, as well as our crude oil export terminal facilities. 
The Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 418 miles to our Sealy storage terminal. Volumes arriving at Sealy are then transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline, which is a component of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System. The Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline has an approximate maximum transportation capacity of up to 620 MBPD, depending on certain operational variables.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The functional currency of most of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We are exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that we enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies ("non-functional currency risk"). Such transactions include affiliate and ad sales arrangements, content arrangements, equipment and other vendor purchases and intercompany transactions. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses based upon period-end exchange rates. We also record realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Moreover, we will experience fluctuations in our revenues, costs and expenses solely as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
We also are exposed to unfavorable and potentially volatile fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, which is our reporting currency, against the currencies of our operating subsidiaries when their respective financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Cumulative translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of equity. Any increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against any foreign functional currency of one of our operating subsidiaries will cause us to experience unrealized foreign currency translation gains or losses with respect to amounts already invested in such foreign currencies. Accordingly, we may experience a negative impact on our net income (loss), other comprehensive income (loss) and equity with respect to our holdings solely as a result of changes in foreign currency. 
The majority of our foreign currency exposure is to the Euro, Polish zloty, and the British Pound. We may enter into spot, forward and option contracts that change in value as foreign currency exchange rates change to hedge certain exposures associated with affiliate revenue, the cost for producing or acquiring content, certain intercompany transactions or in connection with forecasted business combinations. These contracts hedge forecasted foreign currency transactions in order to mitigate fluctuations in our earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our objective in managing exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is to reduce volatility of earnings and cash flows. The net fair market value of our foreign currency derivative instruments intended to hedge future cash flows held at December 31, 2020 was a liability value of $24 million. Most of our non-functional currency risks related to our revenue, operating expenses and capital expenditures were not hedged as of December 31, 2020. We generally do not hedge against the risk that we may incur non-cash losses upon the translation of the financial statements of our subsidiaries and affiliates into U.S. dollars.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Other Crude Oil pipelines include the Mid-Valley pipeline system which originates in Longview, Texas and passes through Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky and Ohio and terminates in Samaria, Michigan. This pipeline provides crude oil to a number of refineries, primarily in the Midwest United States. 
In addition, we own a crude oil pipeline that runs from Marysville, Michigan to Toledo, Ohio, and a truck injection point for local production at Marysville. This pipeline receives crude oil from the Enbridge pipeline system for delivery to refineries located in Toledo, Ohio and to MPLX’s Samaria, Michigan tank farm, which supplies Marathon Petroleum Corporation’s refinery in Detroit, Michigan. 
We also own and operate crude oil pipeline and gathering systems in Oklahoma and Kansas. We have the ability to deliver substantially all of the crude oil gathered on our Oklahoma and Kansas systems to Cushing. We are one of the largest purchasers of crude oil from producers in the area and our crude oil acquisition and marketing activities business is the primary shipper on our Oklahoma crude oil system.
