ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
reconfirmation and exceedance reporting, the integrity assessment of additional pipeline mileage found in MCAs, non-High Consequence Area (“HCAs”), and Class 3 and Class 4 areas by 2023, and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. Establishing MAOP through reliance on historical pipeline design, construction, inspection, testing, and other records requires that such records be traceable, verifiable, and complete. Locating such records and, in the absence of any such records, verifying maximum pressures through physical testing (including hydrotesting) or modifying or replacing facilities to meet the demands of such pressures, could significantly increase our costs. Failure to locate such records or verify maximum pressures could result in reductions of allowable operating pressures, which would reduce available capacity on our pipelines. PHMSA’s second final rule, published in October 2019, applicable to hazardous liquid transmission and gathering pipelines, significantly extended and expanded the reach of certain integrity management requirements, use of in-line inspection tools by 2039 (unless the pipeline cannot be modified to permit such use), increased annual, accident, and safety-related conditional reporting requirements, and expanded use of leak detection systems beyond HCAs. The integrity-related requirements and other provisions of the 2011 Pipeline Safety Act, the 2016 Pipeline Safety Act, and the PIPES Act of 2020, as well as any implementation of PHMSA rules thereunder, could require us to pursue additional capital projects or conduct integrity or maintenance programs on an accelerated basis and incur increased operating costs that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
In another example of how future legal requirements could result in increased compliance costs, notwithstanding the applicability of the federal OSHA’s Process Safety Management (“PSM”) regulations and the EPA’s Risk Management Planning (“RMP”) requirements at regulated facilities, PHMSA and one or more state regulators, including the TRRC, have in recent years, expanded the scope of their regulatory inspections to include certain in-plant equipment and pipelines found within NGL fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities, in order to assess compliance of such equipment and pipelines with hazardous liquid pipeline safety requirements. To the extent that these actions are pursued by PHMSA, midstream operators of NGL fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities subject to such inspection may be required to make operational changes or modifications at their facilities to meet standards beyond current PSM and RMP requirements, which changes or modifications may result in additional capital costs, possible operational delays and increased costs of operation that, in some instances, may be significant. 
General. Our operation of processing plants, pipelines and associated facilities, including compression, in connection with the gathering, processing, storage and transmission of natural gas and the storage and transportation of NGLs, crude oil and refined products is subject to stringent U.S. federal, tribal, state and local laws and regulations, including those governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use, management and disposal of hazardous and nonhazardous materials and wastes, and the cleanup of contamination. Similar or more stringent laws also exist in Canada. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations, or incidents resulting in environmental releases, could cause us to incur substantial costs, penalties, fines and criminal sanctions, third-party claims for personal injury or property damage, capital expenditures to retrofit or upgrade our facilities and programs, or curtailment or cancellation of permits on operations. As with the industry generally, compliance with existing and anticipated environmental laws and regulations increases our overall cost of doing business, including our cost of planning, permitting, constructing and operating our plants, pipelines and other facilities. As a result of these laws and regulations, our construction and operation costs include capital, operating and maintenance cost items necessary to maintain or upgrade our equipment and facilities.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Propylene production and related marketing activities . Propylene is a key feedstock used by the petrochemical industry. There are three grades of propylene; polymer grade (“PGP”) with a minimum purity of 99.5%; chemical grade (“CGP”) with a minimum purity of approximately 93-94%; and refinery grade (“RGP”) with a purity of approximately 70%. Propylene fractionation units separate RGP, which is a mixture of propane and propylene, into either PGP or CGP. Our PDH facility produces PGP using propane feedstocks. The demand for PGP primarily relates to the manufacture of polypropylene, which has a variety of end uses including packaging film, fiber for carpets and upholstery, molded plastic parts for appliances, and automotive, houseware and medical products. CGP is a basic petrochemical used in the manufacturing of plastics, synthetic fibers and foams.
To the extent we fractionate RGP for customers, we enter into toll processing arrangements. In our petrochemical marketing activities, we purchase RGP on the open market for fractionation at our splitter units and sell the resulting PGP to customers at market-based prices. The results of this marketing activity are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between the sales prices of the PGP and the associated purchase and other costs, including the costs attributable to use of our propylene production assets and related infrastructure. To limit the exposure of these marketing activities to price risk, we attempt to match the timing and price of our feedstock purchases with those of the sales of end products.
Our petrochemical marketing activities also include the purchase of propane for our PDH facility to process into PGP, which is then sold to customers under long-term sales contracts (take-or-pay arrangements) that feature minimum volume commitments and contractual pricing that minimizes our commodity price risk.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Similar to U.S. Networks, a significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to fees charged to operators who distribute our linear networks. Such operators primarily include cable and DTH satellite service providers. International television markets vary in their stages of development. Some markets, such as the U.K., are more advanced digital television markets, while others remain in the analog environment with varying degrees of investment from operators to expand channel capacity or convert to digital technologies. Common practice in some markets results in long-term contractual distribution relationships, while customers in other markets renew contracts annually. Distribution revenue for our International Networks segment is largely dependent on the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, the rates negotiated in the distributor agreements, and the market demand for the content that we provide. International Networks additionally generates revenues through DTC subscription services. 
The other significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to advertising sold on our television networks and across distribution platforms, similar to U.S. Networks. Advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the development of pay and FTA television markets, the number of subscribers to and viewers of our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our programming, and our ability to sell commercial time over a portfolio of channels on multiple platforms. In certain markets, our advertising sales business operates with in-house sales teams, while we rely on external sales representation services in other markets. Outside the U.S., advertisers typically buy advertising closer to the time when the commercials will be run. In developing pay-TV markets, we expect advertising revenue growth will result from subscriber growth, our localization strategy, and the shift of advertising spending from broadcast to pay-TV. In mature markets, such as Western Europe, high proportions of market penetration and distribution are unlikely to drive rapid revenue growth. Instead, growth in advertising sales comes from increasing viewership and pricing and launching new services, either in pay-TV, broadcast, or FTA television environments. 
During 2020, advertising, distribution and other revenues were 42%, 54% and 3%, respectively, of total net revenues for this segment. While we have traditionally operated cable networks, in recent years an increasing portion of our international advertising revenue is generated by FTA or broadcast networks, unlike U.S. Networks. During 2020, pay-TV networks generated 33% of International Networks' advertising revenue and FTA or broadcast networks generated 67% of International Networks' advertising revenue. We also have increased efforts to drive revenue growth from digital products such as the dplay DTC entertainment service in select international markets.
