SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2023, we had 79,390 employees, of which approximately 52 percent were located in the United States and 48 percent were located internationally and approximately 36 percent identified as women, 63 percent identified as men and less than 0.2 percent identified as non-binary. This number includes those individuals impacted by our restructuring plan announced on January 4, 2023, which includes a reduction of our current workforce by approximately 10 percent. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. 
We have continued to invest in equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives, development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 
Equality is a core value at Salesforce. We aim to create a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and empowers our employees. Our key equality initiatives include: Racial Equality and Justice Task Force, a diversity recruiting team dedicated to sourcing talent from Underrepresented Minority (URM) communities, a newly instituted URM referral process, Black Women Experience program, Warmline employee advocacy resource and Equality Mentorship and Sponsorship programs, investing in our future leaders, inclusive hiring and leadership trainings, equal pay for equal work, employee-led resource groups and a focus on accessibility in our products and workspaces. For example:

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
• an increase in the provision for credit losses of $822 million driven by increased device payment loan volume and an increase in the expected loss rate primarily as a result of the change in device payment plan terms to 36 months, as well as actions taken in prior years in response to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
• an increase in personnel costs of $603 million primarily related to the inclusion of TracFone results and increases in third-party employee costs due to contracted services , partially offset by a decrease due to the sale of Verizon Media; 
Depreciation and amortization expense increased during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the change in the mix of net depreciable and amortizable assets, including acquisition-related intangible assets, as well as the deployment of C-Band spectrum.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Florida Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Agreement comprises five  contracts, as described below, which reinsures Castle Key for personal lines property excess catastrophe losses in Florida. The agreement includes two  contracts placed in the traditional market, CKIC’s and CKI’s reimbursement contracts with the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (“Mandatory FHCF contracts”), and the Sanders Re 2017-2 Contract (“Sanders Re 2017-2 contract”) placed in the ILS markets. 
Below FHCF Contract reinsures personal lines property excess catastrophe losses caused by multiple perils in Florida. The contract is 100%  placed and provides three  separate limits of $36 million  in excess of a $20 million  retention for each occurrence, of which two  limits remain outstanding. One limit of $36 million  was exhausted from the impact of Hurricane Michael in October 2018. The first reinstatement of limits is prepaid and the second or final reinstatement requires additional premium. Only the portion of the limit utilized to indemnify losses from an event mandatorily reinstates; the remaining reinstatement limit remains available and will be used as future events erode the per occurrence contract limit. Reinsurance premium is subject to redetermination for exposure changes. 
Mandatory FHCF Contracts  indemnify qualifying personal lines property losses caused by storms the National Hurricane Center declares to be hurricanes. The contracts provide 90%  of $180 million  of limits in excess of retention with no reinstatement of limits. The limits and retentions of the mandatory FHCF contracts are calculated independently for CKIC and CKI and are subject to re-measurement based on June 30, 2018 exposure data. For each of the two  largest hurricanes, the retention is $56 million  and retention equal to one third of that amount, or approximately $19 million , is applicable to all other hurricanes for the season beginning June 1, 2018. In addition, the FHCF’s retention is subject to adjustment upward or downward to an actual retention based on submitted exposures to the FHCF by all participants. $113 million  of limit was exhausted from the impact of Hurricane Michael and $67 million  of the limit remains outstanding.
