ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Realized capital gains and losses, after-tax, except for periodic settlements and accruals on non-hedge derivative instruments, which are reported with realized capital gains and losses but included in adjusted net income 
• Amortization of DAC and deferred sales inducement costs (“DSI”), to the extent they resulted from the recognition of certain realized capital gains and losses or valuation changes on embedded derivatives that are not hedged, after-tax 
• Adjustments for other significant non-recurring, infrequent or unusual items, when (a) the nature of the charge or gain is such that it is reasonably unlikely to recur within two years, or (b) there has been no similar charge or gain within the prior two years

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Voice services . We provide switched access services that allow carriers to complete their end-user calls that originate or terminate within our territory. In addition, we provide originating and terminating voice services throughout the U.S. and globally utilizing our TDM and VoIP networks. 
Local services. We offer an array of local dial tone and broadband services to competitive local exchange carriers, some of which are offered to comply with telecommunications regulations. In addition, we offer services such as colocation, resale and unbundled network elements in compliance with applicable regulations. 
Our direct channel, including our company-operated stores, is a core component of our distribution strategy. Our sales and service centers also represent a significant distribution channel for our services.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Developed technology represents the fair value of Datorama's technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with Datorama customers. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating Datorama's technology with the Company's other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income taxes purposes. 
The Company assumed unvested options and restricted stock with a fair value of $170 million . Of the total consideration, $93 million  was allocated to the purchase consideration and $77 million  was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
In May 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MuleSoft, which provides a platform for building application networks that connect enterprise apps, data and devices, across any cloud and on-premise solution. The Company has included the financial results of MuleSoft in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $24 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MuleSoft was approximately $6.4 billion , which consisted of the following (in millions):
