SALESFORCE INC report:
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to identify impaired privately held equity securities, including controls over assessing impairment indicators. 
To test the Company’s judgments and conclusions related to impairment of privately held equity securities, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining an understanding of the nature of the privately held equity securities and evaluating the Company’s assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors. We read the Company’s analysis of a sample of investments and available information including financial metrics and cash usage. We evaluated the information available to determine the appropriateness of the Company’s conclusions of whether the investments are impaired. 
We have audited Salesforce, Inc.’s (the Company’s) internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
• Gross margin percentage increased 18 basis points, driven primarily by certain core merchandise categories, partially offset by certain ancillary and other businesses, which were negatively impacted by COVID-19 related closures or restrictions; 
• SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased three basis points primarily due to leveraging increased sales and partial reversal of a previous year tax assessment. These benefits were partially offset by incremental wage and sanitation costs as a result of COVID-19; 
• In February 2020, we acquired a 35% interest in Navitus Health Solutions, a pharmacy benefit manager. In March 2020, we acquired Innovel Solutions, a company that provides final-mile delivery, installation and white-glove capabilities for big and bulky products across the United States and Puerto Rico;

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We believe we have engaged, and will continue to engage, in a well-balanced plan for growth through strategic acquisitions, internally generated expansion, measures aimed at increasing the profitability of our existing assets and executing cost control measures where appropriate to manage our operations. 
We intend to continue to operate as a diversified, growth-oriented limited partnership. We believe that by pursuing independent operating and growth strategies we will be best positioned to achieve our objectives. We balance our desire for growth with our goal of preserving a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and investment grade credit metrics. 
Growth through acquisitions . We intend to continue to make strategic acquisitions that offer the opportunity for operational efficiencies and the potential for increased utilization and expansion of our existing assets while supporting our investment grade credit ratings.
