WORLD KINECT CORP report:
• changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws, interpretations of such laws, changes in the mix of taxable income among different tax jurisdictions, or adverse results of tax audits, assessments, or disputes; 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this 2020 10-K Report will be deemed to modify or supersede such forward-looking statements. 
For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our marine transportation business consists of 64 tow boats and 157 tank barges used to transport refined products, crude oil, asphalt, condensate, heavy fuel oil, LPG and other petroleum products on key U.S. inland and intracoastal waterway systems. The marine transportation industry uses tow boats as power sources and tank barges for freight capacity. We operate our marine transportation assets that serve refinery and storage terminal customers along the Mississippi River, the intracoastal waterway between Texas and Florida, and the Tennessee-Tombigbee waterway system. We own and operate shipyard and repair facilities located in Houma and Morgan City, Louisiana and marine fleeting facilities located in Bourg, Louisiana and Channelview, Texas.
Our marine transportation business is subject to regulation, including by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”), Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Coast Guard (“USCG”). For information regarding these regulations, see “ Regulatory Matters – Federal Regulation of Marine Operations ,” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion.
The following information describes the principal effects of regulation on our operations, including those regulations involving safety and environmental matters and the rates we charge customers for transportation services.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
PSUs vest based on varying performance, market and service conditions. Dividend equivalents accumulated over the vesting period are paid after vesting. The grant date fair value of PSUs is determined based on the Monte Carlo simulation model for the market-based component and the market price of our Common Stock on the grant date for performance-based components. The final award may equal 0 - 200 percent of the target grant, based on the achievement of the performance and market-based components . 
We provide a range of benefits to our current and retired employees including pension benefits, defined contribution plan benefits, postretirement health care benefits and postemployment primarily severance-related benefits depending upon local statutory requirements, employee tenure and service requirements as well as other factors. The cost for these plans is recognized in earnings primarily over the working life of the covered employee. 
We use financial instruments to manage our currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program, which focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. A principal objective of our risk management strategies is to reduce significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations that may arise from volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates.
