ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in Abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of Abbott common stock, based on Abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, approximately $5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical's debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by Abbott. The acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market. 
Under the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an Abbott stock price of $39.36, which reflected the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total purchase consideration of $23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid. 
The goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is identifiable to the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products reportable segment. The acquired tangible assets consist primarily of trade accounts receivable of approximately $1.1 billion, inventory of approximately $1.7 billion, other current assets of $176 million, property and equipment of approximately $1.5 billion, and other long-term assets of approximately $455 million. The acquired tangible liabilities consist of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities of approximately $1.1 billion and other non-current liabilities of approximately $870 million.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
A number of external factors such as the current macroeconomic environment, including global inflation, effects of the war in Ukraine, climate and weather conditions, commodity, transportation and labor market conditions, currency fluctuations and the effects of governmental agricultural or other programs affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We use hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes, such as dairy, where there is a limited ability to hedge, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. Due to competitive or market conditions, planned trade or promotional incentives, fluctuations in currency exchange rates or other factors, our pricing actions may also lag commodity cost changes temporarily. 
commodity, transportation and labor costs, we expect price volatility and a higher aggregate cost environment to continue. While the costs of our principal raw materials fluctuate, we believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available. 
We use non-GAAP financial information and believe it is useful to investors as it provides additional information to facilitate comparisons of historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and provide additional insight and transparency on how we evaluate our business. We use non-GAAP financial measures to budget, make operating and strategic decisions and evaluate our performance. We have detailed the non-GAAP adjustments that we make in our non-GAAP definitions below. The adjustments generally fall within the following categories: acquisition and divestiture activities, gains and losses on intangible asset sales and non-cash impairments, major program restructuring activities, constant currency and related adjustments, major program financing and hedging activities and other major items affecting comparability of operating results. We believe the non-GAAP measures should always be considered along with the related U.S. GAAP financial measures. We have provided the reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures below, and we also discuss our underlying GAAP results throughout our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Gains and losses on the interest rate swaps are initially recorded in accumulated o ther comprehensive loss and reclassified to interest expense during the period in which the hedged transaction affects income. The following table presents the effect of the Company’s interest rate swaps in its Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended   December 29, 2018   and December 30, 2017 :   
Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features— The interest rate swap agreements contain a provision whereby the Company could be declared in default on its hedging obligations if more than $75 million  of the Company’s other indebtedness is accelerated. As of December 29, 2018 , none of our indebtedness was accelerated. 
As discussed in Note 5, Business Acquisitions, contingent consideration may be paid under an earnout arrangement in connection with a business acquisition in the event certain operating results are achieved during a defined post-closing period. The amount included in the above table for fiscal year 2017 , classified under Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy, represents the estimated fair value of the earnout liability for the respective period. This earnout liability was settled in fiscal year 2018 . We estimated the fair value of the earnout liability based on financial projections of the acquired businesses and estimated probability of achievement. Changes in fair value resulting from changes in the estimated amount of contingent consideration are included in distribution, selling and administrative costs in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
