SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. 
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple cloud services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, including the determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting and the determination of standalone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation, particularly for products and services that are not sold separately. 
Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management’s judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in Brazil and non-income tax claims in Argentina, and have accrued our estimates of the probable costs to resolve these claims. These estimates have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. For more information on tax and labor claims in Brazil, see "Item 3. Legal Proceedings " 
We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. We consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation 
allowances. If we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. Conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $39 million in 2018, $109 million in 2017 and $325 million in 2016. These tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to AbbVie's operations for years prior to the separation. 
In September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for $4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $728 million in 2017 related to the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. For 2017 and 2016, the AMO earnings (losses) before taxes included in Abbott's consolidated earnings were $(18) million and $30 million, respectively. 
As discussed in Note 7 — Business Acquisitions, in conjunction with the acquisition of Alere, Abbott sold the Triage MeterPro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and liabilities related to its B-type Natriuretic Peptide assay business run on Beckman Coulter analyzers to Quidel Corporation (Quidel). The legal transfer of certain assets related to these businesses did not occur at the close of the sale to Quidel due to, among other factors, the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and other regulatory requirements in various countries. Under the terms of the sale agreement with Abbott, Quidel is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. The assets presented as held for disposition in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, primarily relate to the businesses sold to Quidel.
