ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
With respect to competition from other pipelines, the primary competitive factors consist of transportation charges, access to crude oil supply and market demand. Competitive factors in crude oil purchasing and marketing include price and contract flexibility, quantity and quality of services, and accessibility to end markets. 
Our refined product terminals compete with other independent terminals with respect to price, versatility and services provided. The competition primarily comes from integrated petroleum companies, refining and marketing companies, independent terminal companies and distribution companies with marketing and trading operations. 
In our wholesale fuel distribution business, we compete primarily with other independent motor fuel distributors. The markets for distribution of wholesale motor fuel and the large and growing convenience store industry are highly competitive and fragmented, which results in narrow margins. We have numerous competitors, some of which may have significantly greater resources and name recognition than we do. Significant competitive factors include the availability of major brands, customer service, price, range of services offered and quality of service, among others. We rely on our ability to provide value-added and reliable service and to control our operating costs in order to maintain our margins and competitive position.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• Content on TLC includes the 90 Day Fiancé franchise, Sister Wives, I Am Jazz, Dr. Pimple Popper, 1,000-lb Sisters, Welcome to Plathville, Doubling Down with the Derricos, I am Shauna Rae, 7 Little Johnstons, My Big Fat Fabulous Life, Little People Big World, Unexpected, I Love a Mama's Boy, My 600-lb Life, and My Feet Are Killing Me. 
• Content and talent on Animal Planet include Crikey! It's the Irwins, The Zoo, Mysterious Creatures with Forrest Galante, The Zoo: San Diego, Pit Bulls & Parolees, Dr. Jeff: Rocky Mountain Vet, North Woods Law and Lone Star Law . Animal Planet is also home to Puppy Bowl , the original and longest running animal adoption event on television. 
• ID is a leading true crime, mystery and suspense network. From in-depth investigations to riveting mysteries, ID challenges our everyday understanding of culture, society and the human condition.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
During the remainder of 2022, the war continued through parts of Ukraine. We continue to make targeted repairs on both our plants. We relaunched our systems and implemented additional safety and security measures. In late June, we partially reopened the Vyshhorod plant and restarted limited potato chip production and in late November, we reopened the Trostyanets plant and restarted limited chocolate production. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - War in Ukraine , to the condensed consolidated financial statements, and refer to Items Affecting Comparability of Financial Results for additional information. 
As a food company, we continue to work to support the continuity of food supply and provide packaged foods to consumers. We have suspended new capital investments and our advertising spending in Russia, but as a food company with more than 2,500 employees in the country, we have not ceased operations given we believe we play a role in the continuity of the food supply. We are complying and will comply with applicable international sanctions 
and other measures that have been or may be imposed on Russian entities. We continue to evaluate the situation in Ukraine and Russia and our ability to control our operating activities and businesses on an ongoing basis, and we continue to consolidate both our Ukrainian and Russian subsidiaries. Prior to the onset of the war, Ukraine generated 0.5% and Russia generated 2.9% of 2021 consolidated net revenues and in 2022, Ukraine generated 0.3% and Russia generated 4.0% of consolidated net revenue. Our Russian business has grown as a result of the recent strengthening of the Russian ruble versus the U.S. dollar, underlying trends of consumers toward snack and packaged food categories and increased price. The combination of pricing, volume growth, suspension of advertising and ruble strength has resulted in a significant increase in the profitability of the Russian business and contributed to the growth of our consolidated performance. Our decision to suspend new capital investments in Russia has not had a material impact on our ability to meet demand within our Russian business during 2022. We believe the war in Ukraine has had a negative impact on our business throughout the rest of our Europe operating segment, but the impact of this is difficult to quantify. We cannot predict if the recent strength in our Russian business will continue in the future.
