VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Included in the total unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is $ 2.5 billion, $ 2.8 billion and $ 2.5 billion, respectively, that if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate. 
The decrease in unrecognized tax benefits was primarily related to the resolution of issues with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) involving tax years 2015-2016 as well as final purchase accounting adjustments made in connection with the 2021 acquisition of TracFone. The uncertain tax benefits related to the acquisition of TracFone are the subject of an indemnity from América Móvil for which there is a corresponding indemnity asset. 
Verizon and/or its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. As a large taxpayer, we are under audit by the IRS and multiple state and foreign jurisdictions for various open tax years. The IRS is currently examining the Company’s U.S. income tax returns for tax years 2017-2018 and Cellco's U.S. income tax return for tax years 2017-2019. Tax controversies are ongoing for tax years as early as 2009 in certain states and as early as 2000 outside the U.S. The amount of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next twelve months due to the expiration of the statute of limitations in various jurisdictions and it is reasonably possible that various current tax examinations will conclude or require reevaluations of the Company’s tax positions during this period. An estimate of the range of the possible change cannot be made until these tax matters are further developed or resolved.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
coordinate regulation of the insurance industry doing business in the U.S. and UK. Consistent with the U.S.-EU Covered Agreement (the “Agreement”) signed in 2017, Treasury and the USTR also issued a policy statement regarding implementation of the Agreement affirming the role that state insurance regulators play as the primary supervisors of the U.S. insurance industry. 
Division Statute. On November 27, 2018, the Illinois General Assembly passed legislation authorizing a statute that makes available a process by which a domestic insurance company may divide into two or more domestic insurance companies. The statute, which became effective January 1, 2019, can be used to divide continuing blocks of insurance business from insurance business no longer marketed, or otherwise has been discontinued, into separate companies with separate capital. The statute can also be used for sale to a third party or to manage risks associated with indemnification programs. Before a plan of division can be effected it must be approved according to the organizational documents of the dividing insurer and submitted for approval by the Illinois Department of Insurance. 
Privacy Regulation and Data Security. Federal law and the laws of many states require financial institutions to protect the security and confidentiality of consumer information and to notify consumers about their policies and practices relating to collection, use, and disclosure of consumer information and their policies relating to protecting the security and confidentiality of that information. Federal law and the laws of many states also regulate disclosures and disposal of consumer information. Congress, state legislatures, and regulatory authorities are expected to consider additional regulation relating to privacy and other aspects of consumer information.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires the Company's judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying value is not adjusted for the Company's privately held equity securities if there are no observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of its strategic investments in privately held companies, the Company utilizes the most recent data available to the Company. Valuations of privately held companies are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data. In addition, the determination of whether an orderly transaction is for a same or similar investment requires significant management judgment including the nature of rights and obligations of the investments, the extent to which differences in those rights and obligations would affect the fair values of those investments, and the impact of any differences based on the stage of operational development of the investee. 
The Company assesses its privately held debt and equity securities strategic investment portfolio at least quarterly for impairment. The Company’s impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of the severity and duration of the impairment and qualitative and quantitative analysis of other key factors including the investee’s financial metrics, the investee’s products and technologies meeting or exceeding predefined milestones, market acceptance of the product or technology, other competitive products or technology in the market, general market conditions, management and governance structure of the investee, the investee’s liquidity, debt ratios and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered to be impaired, the Company recognizes an impairment through the consolidated  statement of operations and establishes a new carrying value for the investment. 
Prior to fiscal 2019, investments in publicly held equity securities were classified as available-for-sale and measured and recorded at fair value with unrealized changes in fair value recorded through other comprehensive income. Prior to fiscal 2019, investments in privately held equity securities in which the Company did not have a controlling interest or significant influence were accounted for using the cost method of accounting, measured at cost less other-than-temporary impairment.
