ALLSTATE CORP report:
Exclusive agencies and financial specialists are supported through marketing assistance, service and business processes, technology, education, offering financing to grow their businesses and other resources to help them enhance the customer experience and to acquire and retain more customers. We continue to focus on the effectiveness and efficiency of our distribution system and the breadth of our product offerings. 
Competitive Data, analytics and technology support advancements in pricing sophistication for all lines of business. Pricing and underwriting strategies and decisions are designed to generate sustainable profitable growth. 
Targeted marketing includes  messaging that communicates the value of our Good Hands ® ,  the importance of having proper coverage, product options, and the ease of doing business with Allstate and our exclusive agencies.

BOEING CO report:
The 767, 777X, and 787 programs had near break-even or single digit margins at December 31, 2022. Adverse changes to the revenue and/or cost estimates for these programs could result in earnings charges in future periods. 
777X Program The 777X program had near break-even gross margins at December 31, 2022. The level of profitability on the 777X program will be subject to a number of factors. These factors include continued production disruption due to labor instability and supply chain disruption, customer negotiations, further production rate adjustments for the 777X or other commercial aircraft programs, contraction of the accounting quantity and potential risks associated with the testing program and the timing of aircraft certification. One or more of these factors could result in additional reach-forward losses on the 777X program in future periods, which may be material. 
787 Program During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded a loss of $3.5 billion on the 787 program primarily due to rework driving longer delivery delays than were previously expected and associated customer considerations. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we increased the 787 program accounting quantity by 100 units due to the program’s normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering aircraft. The increase in the accounting quantity improved the program’s profit margin.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the result of which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 
In December 2019, the novel coronavirus and resulting disease (“COVID-19”) was reported and in March 2020 the World Health Organization declared it a pandemic. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s operational and financial performance depends on certain developments, including the duration of the pandemic, the impact on the Company’s customers and its sales and renewal cycles, and the impact on the Company’s employees, as discussed in more detail in Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” As a result, the estimates and assumptions used by the Company may change, as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and such changes will be recognized in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they become known. Actual results could differ from these estimates and any such differences may be material to the Company’s financial statements. 
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
