SALESFORCE INC report:
ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and the corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. The lease ROU asset is reduced for tenant incentives and excludes any initial direct costs incurred. As the Company’s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the net present value of future minimum lease payments is determined using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments, in an economic environment where the leased asset is located. The Company’s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. These options are reflected in the ROU asset and lease liability when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. The Company reassesses the lease term if and when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs within the control of the Company, such as construction of significant leasehold improvements that are expected to have economic value when the option becomes exercisable. 
Lease expenses for minimum lease payments for operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Amortization expense of the ROU asset for finance leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and interest expense for finance leases is recognized based on the incremental borrowing rate. 
The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which it has elected to combine for all asset classes. In addition, the Company does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less for all of its asset classes.

BOEING CO report:
• We tested the effectiveness of internal controls, including those over the review of significant judgments made and assumptions used to develop key estimates, key data used in developing the estimates and the mathematical extrapolation of such data. 
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013 ) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, and our report dated January 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Oilseeds, Cost of goods sold increased by $1,242 million due to higher Net sales in our oilseed processing and trading and distribution businesses, as described above, as well as unfavorable mark-to-market results in our oilseed processing businesses, partially offset by favorable translation impacts on industrial costs, as most currencies in which such expenses are denominated depreciated versus the U.S. dollar during the year, and non-recurring prior year property, plant and equipment (PP&E) impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives. 
• In Grains, Cost of goods sold decreased by $807 million due to the decrease in Net sales noted above, risk management and optimization in our trading and distribution businesses, favorable translation impacts on industrial costs as most currencies in which such expenses are denominated depreciated versus the U.S. dollar during the year, and non-recurring prior year PP&E impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives. 
Gross profit increased by $687 million, or 63%, to $1,780 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $1,093 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase was primarily due to the following:
