UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
The fair values of U.S. and international pension and postretirement benefit plan assets by asset category as of December 31, 2020 are presented below (in millions), as well as the percentage that each category comprises of our total plan assets and the respective target allocations:  Total 
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Percentage of Plan Assets Target Allocation Asset Category (U.S. Plans): Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,593   $ 1,510   $ 83   $ —   3.0   % 1 - 5 
Equity Securities: U.S. Large Cap 8,294   4,272   4,022   —   U.S. Small Cap 370   370   —   —   Emerging Markets 2,106   1,503   603   —   Global Equity 3,940   3,624   316   —   International Equity 4,335   2,043   2,292   —   Total Equity Securities 19,045   11,812   7,233   —   35.9   25 - 55

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Diagnostic Products —Worldwide sales of diagnostic systems and tests for blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories and alternate-care testing sites. For segment reporting purposes, the Core Laboratories Diagnostics, Rapid Diagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Point of Care Diagnostics divisions are aggregated and reported as the Diagnostic Products segment. 
Medical Devices —Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology, Heart Failure, Vascular, Structural Heart, Neuromodulation and Diabetes Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Medical Devices segment. 
Abbott’s underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment’s assets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect. 
Our Employee Opinion Survey is a vehicle for employees to provide confidential feedback on their experience as Salesforce employees. The results are used to assess employee engagement, our company culture and our workplace environment. Based on the results of the most recent survey, 95% of responding employees indicated they were willing to give extra effort to get the job done and over 90% of responding employees indicated that they would recommend Salesforce as a great place to work. 
In an effort to protect the safety and well-being of our employees, during the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we closed our offices around the world during the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and have worked to address the unique challenges and needs of our employees. Refer to our “Environmental, Social and Governance” Section in Item 7 of Part II. for additional information on the actions we have taken to support our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic.
