ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We utilize underground salt dome storage caverns and above-ground storage tanks to store mixed and purity NGLs, petrochemicals and related products that are owned by us and our customers. The results of operations from our storage facilities are dependent upon the level of storage capacity reserved by customers, the volume of product delivered into and withdrawn from storage, and the level of associated fees we charge.
Primarily consists of operational storage capacity for our major pipeline systems, including the Mid-America Pipeline System, Dixie Pipeline and TE Products Pipeline. We own substantially all of this storage capacity.
Our largest underground storage facility is located at the Mont Belvieu hub in Chambers County, Texas. This facility consists of 38 underground salt dome caverns used to store and redeliver mixed and purity NGLs, petrochemicals and related products. This facility has an aggregate usable storage capacity of 129.8 MMBbls, a brine system with approximately 31 MMBbls of above-ground brine storage capacity and five wells used in brine production.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our policy limits investments in the U.S. to direct U.S. government and government agency obligations, repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government and government agency obligations, U.S. government and government agency money market funds, and insured bank balances. Our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary invests in U.S. government and government agency obligations and U.S. government and government agency money market funds. Our Canadian and Other International subsidiaries’ investments are primarily in money market funds, bankers’ acceptances, and bank certificates of deposit, generally denominated in local currencies. 
A 100 basis point change in interest rates as of the end of 2021 would have had an immaterial incremental change in fair market value. For those investments that are classified as available-for-sale, the unrealized gains or losses related to fluctuations in market volatility and interest rates are reflected within stockholders’ equity in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The nature and amount of our long-term debt may vary as a result of business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. As of the end of 2021, long-term debt with fixed interest rates was $7,531. Fluctuations in interest rates may affect the fair value of the fixed-rate debt. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more information on our long-term debt.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Upon formation of Magnolia, Discovery received a 75 % ownership interest in the joint venture. In exchange for providing services and exclusivity to the joint venture, the Gaines received a 25 % ownership interest in the joint venture, a put right after 6.5 years at fair value, potential for an additional 5 % incentive equity, and certain guaranteed payments. Discovery consolidated the joint venture under the voting interest consolidation model. Payments to the Gaines for rendering services in their capacity as the Chief Creative Officers of the joint venture will be accounted for as liability-classified share-based awards to non-employees as services are rendered. 
On May 13, 2019, the Company paid $ 36 million in cash to acquire Golf Digest, a leading golf brand whose content is available across multiple platforms, including print and social media. The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to Golf Digest, and recorded net assets of $ 36 million, including net working capital liabilities of $ 12 million, intangible assets of $ 25 million and goodwill of $ 23 million. The measurement period closed in May 2020, with no material adjustments recorded. Intangible assets consist of trademarks and trade names and licensing agreements and have a weighted average useful life of 9 years. The goodwill reflects the workforce and synergies expected from broader exposure to the golf entertainment sector. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition is included in the International Networks reportable segment and is not amortizable for tax purposes. 
The Company’s equity investments consisted of the following, net of investments recorded in other noncurrent liabilities (in millions).  Category Balance Sheet Location Ownership December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Equity method investments: nC+ Equity method investments
