SALESFORCE INC report:
In December 2018, the Company was named as a nominal defendant and certain of its current and former directors were named as defendants in a purported shareholder derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The complaint alleged that excessive compensation was paid to such directors for their service, included claims of breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment, and sought restitution and disgorgement of a portion of the directors' compensation. Subsequently, three  similar shareholder derivative actions were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The cases have been consolidated under the caption In re Salesforce.com, Inc. Derivative Litigation . The Company believes that the ultimate outcome of this litigation will not materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
In January 1999, the Salesforce.com Foundation, also referred to as the Foundation, was chartered on an idea of leveraging the Company’s people, technology and resources to help improve communities around the world. The Company calls this integrated philanthropic approach the 1-1-1 model. Beginning in 2008, Salesforce.org, which is a non-profit public benefit corporation, was established to resell the Company's services to nonprofit organizations and certain higher education organizations. 
The Company’s Chairman is the chairman of both the Foundation and Salesforce.org. The Company’s Chairman holds one  of the three  Foundation board seats. The Company’s Chairman, one  of the Company’s employees and one  of the Company’s board members hold three  of Salesforce.org’s nine  board seats. The Company does not control the Foundation’s or Salesforce.org's activities, and accordingly, the Company does not consolidate either of the related entities' statement of activities with its financial results.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
At February 28, 2020, the investment-grade credit ratings of EPO’s long-term senior unsecured debt securities were BBB+ from Standard and Poor’s, Baa1 from Moody’s and BBB+ from Fitch Ratings. In addition, the credit ratings of EPO’s short-term senior unsecured debt securities were A-2 from Standard and Poor’s, P-2 from Moody’s and F-2 from Fitch Ratings. EPO’s credit ratings reflect only the view of a rating agency and should not be interpreted as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any of our securities. A credit rating can be revised upward or downward or withdrawn at any time by a rating agency, if it determines that circumstances warrant such a change. A credit rating from one rating agency should be evaluated independently of credit ratings from other rating agencies.
The following table summarizes the issuance of new common units in connection with our distribution reinvestment plan (“DRIP”) and employee unit purchase plan (“EUPP”) for the years indicated (dollars in millions, number of units issued as shown):
The decrease in net cash proceeds from the DRIP and EUPP between 2018 and 2019 is primarily due to (i) lower reinvestments by privately held affiliates of EPCO in 2019, (ii) lower levels of reinvestment by participants due to a reduction in the DRIP discount from 2.5% to 0% beginning with the distribution paid in February 2019 and (iii) the election to satisfy delivery obligations under the DRIP and EUPP using common units purchased on the open market, rather than issuing new common units, beginning with the distribution paid in August 2019.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
investment in a foreign subsidiary. At December 31, 2016, the value of this short-term debt was $454 million, and changes in the fair value of the debt up through the date of repayment due to changes in exchange rates were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax.
Net actuarial gains (losses) and prior service cost and credits and amortization of net actuarial losses and prior service cost and credits, net of taxes of $( 238 ) in 2019, $ 47 in 2018 and $( 61 ) in 2017
USE OF ESTIMATES — The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates, income taxes, pension and other post-employment benefits, valuation of intangible assets, litigation, derivative financial instruments, and inventory and accounts receivable exposures.
