BOEING CO report:
The following tables present a reconciliation of Level 3 assets (excluding investments which are valued using NAVs as a practical expedient) held during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 . Transfers into and out of Level 3 are reported at the beginning-of-year values. 
 The changes in unrealized (losses)/gains for Level 3 mortgage backed and asset backed fixed income securities still held at December 31, 2018 and 2017 were a loss of $ 4 and a gain of $ 6 . 
OPB Plan Assets The majority of OPB plan assets are invested in a balanced index fund which is comprised of approximately 60 % equities and 40 % debt securities. The index fund is valued using a market approach based on the quoted market price of an identical instrument (Level 1). The expected rate of return on these assets does not have a material effect on the net periodic benefit cost.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We do not allocate Property-Liability investment income, realized capital gains and losses, or assets to the Allstate Protection and Discontinued Lines and Coverages segments. Management reviews assets at the Property-Liability level for decision-making purposes. 
The table below includes GAAP operating ratios we use to measure our profitability. We believe that they enhance an investor’s understanding of our profitability. They are calculated as follows: 
Expense ratio : the ratio of amortization of DAC, operating costs and expenses, amortization or impairment of purchased intangibles and restructuring and related charges, less other revenue to premiums earned.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
