ALLSTATE CORP report:
Additional regulations or new requirements may emerge from the activities of various regulatory entities, including the Federal Reserve Board, FIO, FSOC, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”), and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, that are evaluating solvency and capital standards for insurance company groups. In addition, the NAIC has adopted amendments to its model holding company law that have been adopted by some jurisdictions. The outcome of these actions is uncertain; however, these actions may result in an increase in the level of capital and liquidity required by insurance holding companies. 
We cannot predict whether any specific state or federal measures will be adopted to change the nature or scope of the regulation of insurance or what effect any such measures would have on Allstate. We are working for changes in the regulatory environment to make insurance more available and affordable for customers, encourage market innovation, improve driving safety, strengthen cybersecurity and promote better catastrophe preparedness and loss mitigation. 
business operations of its own, The Allstate Corporation relies on dividends from Allstate Insurance Company as one of the principal sources of cash to pay dividends and to meet its obligations, including the payment of principal and interest on debt or to fund non-insurance-related businesses. Allstate Insurance Company is regulated as an insurance company in Illinois, and its ability to pay dividends is restricted by Illinois law. The laws of the other jurisdictions that generally govern our other insurance subsidiaries contain similar limitations on the payment of dividends. However, such laws in some jurisdictions may be more restrictive.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Consumer and Business. We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on segment operating income, consistent with the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance. 
Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. Our Business segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups targeted by these offerings: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale. 
Corporate and other primarily includes insurance captives, investments in unconsolidated businesses and development stage businesses that support our strategic initiatives, as well as unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses including Verizon Media, and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in segment results as these items are included in the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The majority of our operating lease agreements provide us with the option to renew. Our future operating lease obligations would change if we exercised these options and if we entered into additional operating lease agreements as we expand our operations. 
The financing obligation - leased facility above represents the total obligation for our lease of approximately 445,000 rentable square feet of office space at 350 Mission St. ("350 Mission") in San Francisco, California. As of January 31, 2019 , $215 million  of the total obligation noted above was recorded to Financing obligation - leased facility, of which the current portion is included in “Accrued expenses and other liabilities” and the noncurrent portion is included in “Other noncurrent liabilities” on the consolidated  balance sheets. 
The lease obligation - buildings to be constructed above represents the total obligation for two separate agreements for office facilities we entered into during fiscal 2019 . The first agreement is for approximately 324,000  rentable square feet of office space in a building to be constructed as part of our urban campus in San Francisco, California. We expect to begin occupying the space in fiscal 2024 and the total non-cancelable minimum payments under this agreement are approximately $480 million  over 16 years . Construction has not commenced on the building and is dependent on the developer obtaining approvals from the City and County of San Francisco. The second agreement is for approximately 603,000  rentable square feet of office space in a building to be constructed in Chicago, Illinois. We expect to begin occupying the space in fiscal 2022 and the total non-cancelable minimum payments under this agreement are approximately $475 million  over 17 years . As of January 31, 2019  construction has not commenced on either of these buildings and the timing of completion of construction is unknown. Due to this uncertainty, the entire commitment for these two obligations is reflected as payments due in more than five years in the table above.
