ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Other operating costs and expenses for 2020 decreased $220.5 million year-to-year primarily due to lower maintenance, chemicals and power-related expenses, which accounted for a $282.2 million decrease, partially offset by higher ad valorem taxes and employee compensation costs, which accounted for a $50.2 million increase. Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense increased $113.2 million year-to-year primarily due to assets placed into full or limited service since the first quarter of 2019 (e.g., the iBDH plant, Mentone and Orla gas processing facilities, Fracs X and XI and the Enterprise Navigator ethylene terminal).
Non-cash asset impairment charges increased $757.9 million year-to-year primarily due to the recognition in 2020 of the full impairment of goodwill associated with our Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment, which accounted for $296.3 million of expense, the partial impairment of our marine transportation business, which accounted for $256.7 million of expense, and the partial impairment of natural gas gathering and processing assets in South Texas, which accounted for an additional $125.7 million of expense. For information regarding these charges, see Notes 2, 4 and 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2020 decreased $1.04 billion when compared to the year ended December 31, 2019 due to the previously described year-to-year changes in revenues, operating costs and expenses, general and administrative costs and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We operate in three reportable segments consisting of aviation, land and marine. During each of the years presented on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, none of our aviation, land or marine customers accounted for more than 10% of any segment or total consolidated revenue. Financial information with respect to our business segments and the geographic areas of our business is provided below and within "Note 13. Business Segments, Geographic Information and Major Customers" within "Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" included in this 2020 10-K Report. 
We provide global aviation fuel supply and comprehensive service solutions to major commercial airlines, second and third-tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low-cost carriers, airports, fixed-based operators, corporate fleets, fractional operators and private aircraft. Our aviation-related service offerings include fuel management, price risk management, ground handling, 24/7 global dispatch services, and international trip planning services, including flight plans, weather reports and overflight permits. We also supply products and services to U.S. and foreign government and military customers, such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") and the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency (collectively, "government customers"). In addition, we offer card payment solutions and related processing services and technology, and we have developed and operate a web-based marketplace platform that facilitates aircraft charter arrangements. 
Because fuel is a major component of an aircraft’s operating costs, our customers require cost-effective and professional fuel services. We have developed an extensive network consisting of on-airport fueling operations and third-party suppliers and service providers that enable us to provide aviation fuel and related services throughout the world. We believe the breadth of our service offering combined with our global supplier network is a strategic differentiator that allows customers to secure fuel and high-quality services in locations worldwide on short notice.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Annually we assess non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. If significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. We determine estimated fair value using planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of royalty rates. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, we consider the asset impaired and reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair value. We amortize definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives and evaluate them for impairment as we do other long-lived assets. 
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and our obligation for employee healthcare benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis by evaluating and making judgments about historical claims experience and other actuarial assumptions and the estimated impact on future results. 
We predominantly sell food and beverage products across several product categories and in all regions as disclosed in Note 17, Segment Reporting . We recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers, which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. A small percentage of our net revenues relates to the licensing of our intellectual property, predominantly brand and trade names, and we record these revenues when earned within the period of the license term. We account for product shipping, handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.
