MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Fair value estimates for fixed-income securities that are buy-in annuity policies are calculated on a replacement policy value basis by discounting the projected cash flows of the plan members using a discount rate based on risk-free rates and adjustments for estimated levels of insurer pricing. 
The increase in Level 3 pension plan investments during 2019 was primarily due to additional purchases of a buy-in annuity and other fixed income securities, and the increase in 2018 was primarily due to additional purchases of corporate bond and other fixed income securities, which includes private debt placements. 
For our U.S. plans, our investment strategy is to reduce the risk of underfunded plans in part through appropriate asset allocation within our plan assets. We attempt to maintain our target asset allocation by rebalancing between asset classes as we make contributions and monthly benefit payments. The strategy involves using indexed U.S. equity and international equity securities and actively managed U.S. investment grade fixed-income securities (which constitute 95 % or more of fixed-income securities) with smaller allocations to high yield fixed-income securities.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — The fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards and units are amortized over their requisite service period, which could be shorter than the vesting period if an employee is retirement eligible, with a charge to compensation expense.
LITIGATION — Abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with FASB ASC No. 450, “Contingencies.” Under ASC No. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management’s best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. Legal fees are recorded as incurred.
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS — Cash equivalents consist of bank time deposits, U.S. government securities money market funds and U.S. treasury bills with original maturities of three months or less. Abbott holds certain investments with a carrying value of $ 321 million that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Investments held in a rabbi trust and investments in publicly traded equity securities are recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. Investments in equity securities that are not traded on public stock exchanges are recorded at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Investments in debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity, as management has both the intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity, and are reported at cost, net of any unamortized premium or discount. Income relating to these securities is reported as interest income.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We use Free cash flow as a supplemental measure to GAAP financial measures regarding the liquidity of our operations. We measure Free cash flow as cash flows provided by operating activities less cash capital expenditures. We believe that Free cash flow is a useful financial metric to assess our ability to pursue business opportunities and investments. Free cash flow is not a measure of our liquidity under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows provided by operating activities or any other liquidity measures derived in accordance with GAAP. 
We caution readers that amounts presented in accordance with our definitions of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted net income, and Free cash flow may not be the same as similar measures used by other companies. Not all companies and analysts calculate EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income or Free cash flow in the same manner. We compensate for these limitations by using these non-GAAP financial measures as supplements to GAAP financial measures and by presenting the reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most comparable GAAP financial measures. 
The following table reconciles EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income and Free cash flow to the most directly comparable GAAP financial performance and liquidity measures for the periods indicated:
