WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Advertising revenue increased 4%. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, advertising revenue increased 3%. The increase was primarily driven by increases in volume across key markets in Europe, particularly Southern Europe and Germany, and Latin America. The increase was partially offset by declines in ad sales due to lower pricing and volume in Asia. 
Costs of revenues increased 15%. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, costs of revenues increased 12%. The increase was mostly attributable to increased spending on content, particularly sports rights and associated production costs. Content amortization was $1.1 billion and $976 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
The impairment of goodwill presented above for International Networks is a portion of the total goodwill impairment recorded for the European reporting unit during 2017. The remaining portion of the impairment of $838 million is a component of corporate and inter-segment eliminations. The presentation of goodwill impairment is consistent with the financial reports that are reviewed by the Company's CEO. Goodwill has been allocated from corporate assets to reporting units within the International Networks segment.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We believe the strength of our workforce is one of the significant contributors to our success as a global company that leads with purpose. All our employees contribute to our success and help us drive strong financial performance. Attracting, developing and retaining global talent with the right skills to drive our business is central to our purpose, mission and long-term growth strategy. 
Workforce Profile : Consistent with 2020, at December 31, 2021, we had approximately 79,000 employees. At December 31, 2021, we had approximately 11,000 U.S. employees and approximately 68,000 employees outside the United States, with employees represented by labor unions or workers’ councils representing approximately 28% of our U.S. employees and approximately 61% of our employees outside the United States. 
Workplace Safety and Wellness : We promote a strong culture of safety and prioritize keeping all our employees, contractors and visitors safe. To accomplish this, we employ comprehensive health, safety and environment management policies and standards throughout the organization. In addition, we strive to continuously improve our work processes, tools and metrics to reduce workplace injuries and enhance safety.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our most significant routine estimates involve revenues and costs of certain natural gas processing facilities, pipeline transportation revenues, fractionation revenues, marketing revenues and related purchases, and power and utility costs. These types of transactions must be estimated since the actual amounts are generally unavailable at the time we complete our accounting close process. The estimates subsequently reverse in the next accounting period when the corresponding actual customer billing or vendor-invoiced amounts are recorded.
Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates, which could affect our reported financial statements and accompanying disclosures. Prior to issuing our financial statements, we review our revenue and expense estimates based on currently available information to determine if adjustments are required.
The Partnership (the “Parent Guarantor”) has guaranteed the payment of principal and interest on the consolidated debt obligations of EPO (the “Subsidiary Issuer”), with the exception of the remaining debt obligations of TEPPCO Partners, L.P. (collectively, the “Guaranteed Debt”). If EPO were to default on any of its Guaranteed Debt, the Partnership would be responsible for full and unconditional repayment of such obligations. At December 31, 2021, the total amount of Guaranteed Debt was $30.26 billion, which was comprised of $27.17 billion of EPO’s senior notes, $2.63 billion of EPO’s junior subordinated notes and $452.7 million of related accrued interest.
