BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Processing, a decrease of $303 million was due to higher Cost of goods sold in excess of higher Net sales, primarily driven by higher industrial input costs, in particular energy, due to inflationary pressures, unfavorable mark-to-market results, and certain non-recurring charges, as described above. 
• In Merchandising, an increase of $90 million was due to higher Net sales in excess of higher Cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong execution and higher prices in our ocean freight business as well as more favorable mark-to-market results. 
Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses increased $100 million, or 23%, to $532 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $432 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increased compensation costs and increased bad debt expense in the current period.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Display advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage proprietary data signals to identify and engage users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through Verizon Media Ad Platform, we provide customers the ability to buy advertising inventory, measure campaigns across screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services. We also provide publishers with the ability to monetize their ad inventory. 
Ecommerce. Our Ecommerce offering includes different types of business models, including facilitating transactions between businesses and consumers, enabling businesses that facilitate transactions for other businesses, and facilitating transactions between consumers. 
Subscription memberships. Our paid subscription offerings include premium content and services across our mail, news, finance, sports and entertainment properties, privacy and security solutions and computer protection.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 1.103 was applied to convert Tableau's outstanding equity awards for Tableau's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. The provisional measurements of fair value for income taxes payable and deferred taxes set forth above may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the estimated fair value of Tableau's data analysis technologies. Customer relationships represent the estimated fair values of the underlying relationships with Tableau customers.
