SALESFORCE INC report:
As indicated in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management’s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of MuleSoft, Inc., which is included in the January 31, 2019 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted two percent and one percent of total and net assets, respectively, as of January 31, 2019 and three percent and three percent of revenues and net income, respectively, for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of MuleSoft, Inc. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of January 31, 2019 and 2018, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2019, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)2, and our report dated March 8, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Options are nonqualified, with exercise prices equal to the estimated fair value of a share of common stock as of the date of the grant. Exercise prices range from $ 9.86 to $ 38.17 per share and generally have a 10 -year life. The fair value of each Option is estimated as of the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
Expected volatility is calculated leveraging the historical volatility of public companies similar to US Foods. The assumed dividend yield is zero because the Company has not historically paid dividends. The risk-free interest rate is the implied zero-coupon yield for U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity approximately equal to the expected term, as of the grant date. Due to a lack of relevant historical data, the simplified approach was used to determine the expected term of the options. 
 Time Options Performance Options Total Options Weighted- Average Fair Value Weighted- Average Exercise Price Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Years Outstanding as of January 2, 2021 5,126,908   358,829   5,485,737   $ 6.85   $ 21.10   Granted
