WORLD KINECT CORP report:
These assessments require us to make accounting estimates that require consideration of forecasted financial information. Significant judgment is involved in performing these estimates as they are developed based on forecasted assumptions. As of December 31, 2021, the assumptions used, particularly the expected growth rates, the profitability embedded in our projected cash flow, the discount rate and the market-based multiples, were defined in the context of current and future potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business and other business factors. Management also considered the volatility in the company's market capitalization since the beginning of the pandemic and evaluated the potential impact that this volatility may have had on the estimated fair value of our reporting units. 
Based on the assessments performed, and supported by the available information as of December 31, 2021, we concluded that the carrying value of our long-lived assets and equity investments were recoverable and that the fair value of our land and aviation reporting units were not less than their respective carrying values. However, at this time, we are unable to predict with specificity the ultimate impact of the pandemic, as it will depend on the magnitude, severity and duration, as well as how quickly, and to what extent, normal economic and operating conditions resume on a sustainable basis globally. Accordingly, if the impact of the pandemic, and its associated reduction in business are more severe or longer in duration than we have assumed, such impact could potentially result in impairments. 
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses We maintain a provision for estimated credit losses based upon our historical experience with our customers, any specific customer collection issues that we have identified from current financial information and business prospects, as well as forward-looking information from market sources. We consider historical payment trends of our customers together with internal and external information about the economic outlook, geopolitical risks and macroeconomic events, which may not fully capture the current or future creditworthiness of our customers, particularly in difficult economic periods. As a result of the challenges inherent in estimating which customers are less likely to remit amounts owed to us, our provision for estimated credit losses may not always be sufficient. Any write-off of accounts receivable in excess of our provision for credit losses could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. Business Combinations

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Certain of our NGL, refined products and crude oil pipeline systems have interstate common carrier movements subject to regulation by the FERC under the Interstate Commerce Act (“ICA”). Pipelines providing such movements (referred to as “interstate liquids pipelines”) include, but are not limited to, the following: ATEX, Aegis, Dixie Pipeline, TE Products Pipeline, Front Range Pipeline, Mid-America Pipeline System, Seaway Pipeline, Seminole NGL Pipeline and Texas Express Pipeline. These pipelines are owned by legal entities whose movements are subject to FERC regulation, including periodic reporting requirements. For example, ATEX, Aegis and the TE Products Pipeline are owned by Enterprise TE Products Pipeline Company LLC (“Enterprise TE”), which provides FERC-regulated movements.
The ICA prescribes that the rates we charge for transportation on these interstate liquids pipelines must be just and reasonable, and that the rules applied to our services not unduly discriminate against or confer any undue preference upon any shipper. The FERC regulations implementing the ICA further require that interstate liquids pipeline transportation rates and rules be filed with the FERC. The ICA permits interested persons to challenge proposed new or changed rates or rules, and authorizes the FERC to investigate such changes and to suspend their effectiveness for a period of up to seven months. Upon completion of such an investigation, the FERC may require refunds of amounts collected above what it finds to be a just and reasonable level, together with interest. The FERC may also investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, rates and related rules that are already in effect, and may order a carrier to change them prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may obtain reparations (including interest) for damages sustained for a period of up to two years prior to the filing of its complaint.
The rates charged for our interstate liquids pipeline services are generally based on a FERC-approved indexing methodology, which allows a pipeline to charge rates up to a prescribed ceiling that changes annually based on the year-to-year change in the U.S. Producer Price Index for Finished Goods (“PPI”). A rate increase within the indexed rate ceiling is presumed to be just and reasonable unless a protesting party can demonstrate that the rate increase is substantially in excess of the pipeline’s operating costs. The FERC indexing is subject to review and revision every five years. On December 17, 2020, the FERC issued a final rule setting the index for the five-year period beginning July 1, 2021, and ending on June 30, 2026, at PPI plus 0.78%. On January 20, 2022, the FERC granted rehearing of certain aspects of the final rule and revised the index level to PPI minus 0.21% effective March 1, 2022 through June 30, 2026. The FERC ordered pipelines with filed rates that exceed their index ceiling levels based on PPI minus 0.21% to file rate reductions effective March 1, 2022. Subsequent appellate review could result in a further change to the index. As an alternative to this indexing methodology, we may also choose to support changes in our rates based on a cost-of-service methodology, by obtaining advance approval to charge “market-based rates,” or by charging “settlement rates” agreed to by all affected shippers. Certain of our pipelines have been granted market-based rate authority by the FERC, including Seaway.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
By living our purpose to empower people to snack right, we believe we can continue to have a positive impact on the lives of our consumers and the world around us. Our mindful snacking strategy aims to encourage consumers to snack with moderation through portion control offerings and labeling, and we continue to evolve our portfolio to meet consumers’ needs. We have been focused on sustainability for many years and we continue to enhance our sustainability goals and reporting. 
In May 2020, we issued our 2019 Snacking Made Right report, which includes expanded reporting on environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) topics and highlights our progress toward our sustainability and nutrition-related goals. We also released an ESG disclosure data sheet that outlines our alignment with the 
We also participate in the CDP Climate and Water annual disclosure survey and continue to work to reduce our carbon and water footprints. We are committed to continue this and other related work in the areas of sustainable resources and agriculture, mindful snacking, nutrition, community partnerships and safety of our products and people.
