WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
All share and per share amounts have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the reclassification and automatic conversion into WBD common stock, except for Series A-1 Preferred Stock, which has not been recast because the conversion of Series A-1 Preferred Stock into WBD common stock in connection with the Merger was considered a discrete event and treated prospectively. 
The table below sets forth the Company’s calculated earnings per share (in millions). Earnings per share amounts may not recalculate due to rounding.  
On April 8, 2022, the Company completed its Merger with the WarnerMedia Business of AT&T. The Merger was executed through a Reverse Morris Trust type transaction, under which WM was distributed to AT&T’s shareholders via a pro-rata distribution, and immediately thereafter, combined with Discovery.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The San Juan Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the San Juan Basin in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado and delivers the natural gas either directly into interstate pipelines (if dry natural gas) or to regional natural gas plants, including our Chaco facility, for further processing (if rich natural gas) prior to being transported on interstate pipelines.
 • The Permian Basin Gathering System is comprised of the 993-mile Carlsbad pipeline system, the 636-mile Waha pipeline system, the 34-mile Orla pipeline system and the 18-mile Mentone pipeline system. The Permian Basin Gathering System gathers natural gas from the Permian Basin for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Chaparral, South Eddy, Waha, Mentone and Orla plants, and delivers residue and treated natural gas into our Texas Intrastate System and third party pipelines.
 • The White River Hub is a natural gas hub facility serving producers in the Piceance Basin. The facility enables producers to access six interstate natural gas pipelines and has a gross throughput capacity of 3 Bcf/d of natural gas. Our 50% ownership interest in White River Hub is held indirectly through our equity method investment in White River Hub, LLC.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Stock-based compensation expense is predominantly included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Certain stock-based compensation costs are capitalized or included in the cost of merchandise. See Note 7 for additional information on the Company’s stock-based compensation plans. 
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their tax bases, credits and loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized. 
The timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions requires significant judgment. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in the Company’s consolidated financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. When facts and circumstances change, the Company reassesses these probabilities and records changes as appropriate.
