COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our Code of Ethics requires that we “Take Care of Our Employees,” which is fundamental to the obligation to “Take Care of Our Members.” We must also carefully control our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, so that we can sell high quality goods and services at low prices. Compensation and benefits for employees is our largest expense after the cost of merchandise and is carefully monitored. 
At the end of 2022, we employed 304,000 employees worldwide. The large majority (approximately 95%) is employed in our membership warehouses and distribution channels, and less than 10% are represented by unions. We also utilize seasonal employees during peak periods. The total number of employees by segment is: 
We believe that our warehouses are among the most productive in the retail industry, owing in substantial part to the commitment and efficiency of our employees. We seek to provide them not merely with employment but careers. Many attributes of our business contribute to the objective; the more significant include: competitive compensation and benefits for those working in our membership warehouses and distributions channels; a commitment to promoting from within; and maintaining a ratio of at least 50% of our employee base being full-time employees. These attributes contribute to what we consider, especially for the industry, a high retention rate. In 2022, in the U.S. that rate was approximately 90% for employees who have been with us for at least one year.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Performance-based strategy seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns and supplement market risk with idiosyncratic risk. Returns are impacted by a variety of factors including general macroeconomic and public market conditions as public benchmarks are often used in the valuation of underlying investments. Variability in earnings will also result from the performance of the underlying assets or business and the timing of sales of those investments. Earnings from the sales of investments may be recorded as net investment income or realized capital gains and losses. The portfolio, which primarily includes private equity and real estate with a majority being limited partnerships, is diversified across a number of characteristics, including managers or partners, vintage years, strategies, geographies (including international) and industry sectors or property types. These investments are generally illiquid in nature, often require specialized expertise, typically involve a third-party manager, and often enhance returns and income through transformation at the company or property level. A portion of these investments seek returns in markets or asset classes that are dislocated or special situations, primarily in private markets. 
Ongoing uncertainty related to the future path of the pandemic has and may continue to create market volatility that has impacted the valuations, liquidity, prospects and risks of fixed income securities, equity securities and performance-based investments, primarily limited partnership interests, during 2020. Fixed income securities in certain sectors such as energy, automotive, retail, travel, lodging and airlines were negatively impacted. Although fixed income and equity security values generally increased since the first quarter, future investment results will depend on developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, preventive measures to combat the spread of the virus, and capital market conditions, including the pace of economic recovery and effectiveness of the fiscal and monetary policy responses. During the second quarter of 2020, short-term loan modifications were executed to grant temporary partial deferral of payments on $274 million of commercial mortgage loans with $2 million of modified payments outstanding as of December 31, 2020. 
Some of the restrictions implemented to contain the pandemic have been relaxed, but reduced economic activity, limits on large gatherings and events and higher unemployment continue. Additionally, there is no way of predicting with certainty how long the pandemic might last, including the potential for restrictions being restored or new restrictions being implemented that could result in further economic volatility.

BOEING CO report:
Pension cost is also sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. A decrease or increase of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have increased or decreased 2019 net periodic pension cost by $149 million . 
We have financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk, principally fixed-rate debt obligations, and customer financing assets and liabilities. Historically, we have not experienced material gains or losses on our customer financing assets and liabilities due to interest rate changes. As of December 31, 2019 , the impact over the next 12 months of a 100 basis point rise in interest rates to our pre-tax earnings would not be significant. The investors in our fixed-rate debt obligations do not generally have the right to demand we pay off these obligations prior to maturity. Therefore, exposure to interest rate risk is not believed to be material for our fixed-rate debt. 
We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk relating to receipts from customers and payments to suppliers in foreign currencies. We use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the price risk associated with firmly committed and forecasted foreign denominated payments and receipts related to our ongoing business. Foreign currency forward contracts are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. At December 31, 2019 , a 10% increase or decrease in the exchange rate in our portfolio of foreign currency contracts would have increased or decreased our unrealized losses by $226 million. Consistent with the use of these contracts to neutralize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations, such unrealized losses or gains would be offset by corresponding gains or losses, respectively, in the remeasurement of the underlying transactions being hedged. When taken together, these forward currency contracts and the offsetting underlying commitments do not create material market risk.
