SALESFORCE INC report:
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our ongoing assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features. 
As of January 31, 2023, our strategic investment portfolio consisted of investments in over 400 companies with a combined carrying value of $4.7 billion, including two privately held investments with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of the total strategic investments portfolio and represented sixteen percent of the portfolio in aggregate. 
The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment portfolio as of January 31, 2023 and excludes exited investments (in millions):  Investment Type Capital Invested Unrealized Gains (Cumulative) Unrealized Losses (Cumulative) Carrying Value as of January 31, 2023

BOEING CO report:
companies such as BAE Systems and Airbus Group continue to build a strategic presence in the U.S. market by strengthening their North American operations and partnering with U.S. defense companies. In addition, certain competitors have occasionally formed teams with other competitors to address specific customer requirements. BDS expects the trend of strong competition to continue into 2020 . 
The commercial and defense services market is an extremely challenging landscape made up of many of the same strong U.S. and non-U.S. competitors facing BCA and BDS along with other competitors in those markets. BGS leverages our extensive services network offering products and services which span the life cycle of our defense and commercial airplane programs: training, fleet services and logistics, maintenance and engineering, modifications and upgrades - as well as the daily cycle of gate-to-gate operations. BGS expects the market to remain highly competitive in 2020 , and intends to grow market share by leveraging a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity. 
Our businesses are heavily regulated in most of our markets. We deal with numerous U.S. government agencies and entities, including but not limited to all of the branches of the U.S. military, NASA, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Department of Homeland Security. Similar government authorities exist in our non-U.S. markets.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Display advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage proprietary data signals to identify and engage users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through Verizon Media Ad Platform, we provide customers the ability to buy advertising inventory, measure campaigns across screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services. We also provide publishers with the ability to monetize their ad inventory. 
Ecommerce. Our Ecommerce offering includes different types of business models, including facilitating transactions between businesses and consumers, enabling businesses that facilitate transactions for other businesses, and facilitating transactions between consumers. 
Subscription memberships. Our paid subscription offerings include premium content and services across our mail, news, finance, sports and entertainment properties, privacy and security solutions and computer protection.
