ALLSTATE CORP report:
Intercompany dividends were paid in 2020, 2019 and 2018 between the following companies: AIC, Allstate Insurance Holdings, LLC (“AIH”), the Corporation, ALIC, American Heritage Life Insurance Company (“AHL”) and Allstate Financial Insurance Holdings Corporation (“AFIHC”). 
($ in millions) 2020 2019 2018 AIC to AIH $ 4,435 $ 2,732 $ 2,874 AIH to the Corporation 4,443 2,747 2,897 ALIC to AIC — 75 250 AHL to AFIHC 80 80 55 AFIHC to the Corporation 115 50 — 
Dividends may not be paid or declared on our common stock and shares of common stock may not be repurchased unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on our preferred stock have been declared and paid or provided for.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integrated Philanthropy: We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. Together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, to date we have given approximately $330 million to charitable organizations, logged more than 4.9 million employee volunteer hours around the world and provided more than 46,000 nonprofit and higher education organizations with the use of our service offerings for free or at a discount. 
Data Security: Customers entrust us with their most sensitive data, and they expect us to protect it using security risk management practices and advanced systems that respond to the changing security landscape and emerging threats. We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in our cybersecurity programs. We provide an overview of our program, training, best practices for our customers, and information on system status, security issues, and compliance certificates on our website at www.trust.salesforce.com. In addition, we believe that improvements in data security are critical to realizing the potential of technology and greater connectivity to improve lives around the world and that effective cybersecurity requires an ecosystem-wide approach. This is why we work with partners and stakeholders across the globe to support legislation and initiatives such as the Cybersecurity Tech Accord that would help modernize how we approach cybersecurity as an industry. 
Data Privacy: Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with their own customers. The privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect is a top priority. Our customer agreements (templates of which are publicly available on our website) and our privacy policies (also publicly available on our website) describe how we safeguard data with an effective privacy and security program. We also offer resources to help our customers operate globally in compliance with privacy laws such as GDPR and CCPA.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the United States (U.S.) under the Verizon brand and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through our wireless networks. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. 
Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various Internet of Things (IoT) services and products. We also provide FWA broadband through our wireless networks. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world. 
The method of accounting applied to investments, whether consolidated or equity, involves an evaluation of all significant terms of the investments that explicitly grant or suggest evidence of control or influence over the operations of the investee. The consolidated financial statements include our controlled subsidiaries, as well as variable interest entities (VIE) where we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. For controlled subsidiaries that are not wholly-owned, the noncontrolling interests are included in Net income and Total equity. Investments in businesses that we do not control, but have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies, are accounted for using the equity method. Equity method investments are included in Investments in unconsolidated businesses in our consolidated balance sheets. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
