SALESFORCE INC report:
During fiscal 2021 and in future fiscal years, we have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure including offices, information technology and data centers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments including in response to the known and potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business. 
In December 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Slack. Under the terms of the agreement, Slack shareholders will receive $26.79 in cash and 0.0776 shares of Salesforce common stock for each outstanding share of Slack Class A and Class B common stock, resulting in an estimated $15.6 billion of cash consideration and 45 million shares to be issued, based on Slack Class A and Class B shares outstanding as of January 31, 2021. The agreement also provides for the assumption of outstanding equity awards held by Slack employees. We expect to fund the cash portion of the consideration with a combination of new debt, as discussed above, and cash on our balance sheet. 
In October 2019, we acquired ClickSoftware for approximately $1.4 billion. In the event that we fully integrate the operations and assets of ClickSoftware, as well as other acquired Israeli based entities into our operations, we may be subject to a potential one-time income tax charge based on an assumed Israeli statutory tax rate of 23 percent applied to the value of any transferred intangibles. The timing and amount of the cash payment, if any, is uncertain and would be based upon a number of factors, including our integration plans, valuations related to intercompany transactions, the tax rate in effect at the time, potential negotiations with the taxing authorities and potential litigation.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our product positioning provides solutions to help meet customer needs during various phases of life. Term and whole life insurance products offer basic life protection solutions while universal life and retirement products cover more advanced needs. Many Allstate exclusive agencies partner with exclusive financial specialists to deliver life and retirement solutions to their customers. These specialists have expertise with advanced life and retirement cases and other more complex customer needs. Successful partnerships assist agencies with building stronger and deeper customer relationships. Improvements in sales education and technology are being made to ensure agencies have the tools and information needed to help customers meet their needs and build personal relationships. 
The operating model is being modernized through investments in data and analytics and technology capabilities, tailoring distribution support, product innovation and enhancing the underwriting process. 
Allstate exclusive agencies and exclusive financial specialists also sell certain non-proprietary products, including mutual funds, fixed and variable annuities, disability insurance, and long-term care insurance to provide a broad suite of protection and retirement products. As of December 31, 2019, Allstate agencies had approximately $16.5 billion of non-proprietary mutual funds and fixed and variable annuity account balances under management. New and additional deposits into these non-proprietary products were $2.4 billion in 2019.

BOEING CO report:
Purchase Obligations Not Recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position Purchase obligations not recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position include agreements for inventory procurement, tooling costs, electricity and natural gas contracts, property, plant and equipment, customer financing equipment, and other miscellaneous production related obligations. The most significant obligation relates to inventory procurement contracts. We have entered into certain significant inventory procurement contracts that specify determinable prices and quantities, and long-term delivery timeframes. In addition, we purchase raw materials on behalf of our suppliers. These agreements require suppliers and vendors to be prepared to build and deliver items in sufficient time to meet our production schedules. The need for such arrangements with suppliers and vendors arises from the extended production planning horizon for many of our products. A significant portion of these inventory commitments is supported by firm contracts and/or has historically resulted in settlement through reimbursement from customers for penalty payments to the supplier should the customer not take delivery. These amounts are also included in our forecasts of costs for program and contract accounting. Some inventory procurement contracts may include escalation adjustments. In these limited cases, we have included our best estimate of the effect of the escalation adjustment in the amounts disclosed in the table above. 
Purchase Obligations Recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position Purchase obligations recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position primarily include accounts payable and certain other current and long-term liabilities including accrued compensation. 
Industrial Participation Agreements We have entered into various industrial participation agreements with certain customers outside of the U.S. to facilitate economic flow back and/or technology or skills transfer to their businesses or government agencies as the result of their procurement of goods and/or services from us. These commitments may be satisfied by our local operations there, placement of direct work or vendor orders for supplies, opportunities to bid on supply contracts, transfer of technology or other forms of assistance. However, in certain cases, our commitments may be satisfied through other parties (such as our vendors) who purchase supplies from our non-U.S. customers. In certain cases, penalties could be imposed if we do not meet our industrial participation commitments. During 2018 , we incurred no such penalties. As of December 31, 2018 , we have outstanding industrial participation agreements totaling $18.4 billion that extend through 2030 . Purchase order commitments associated with industrial participation agreements are included in purchase obligations in the table above. To be eligible for such a purchase order commitment from us, a non-U.S. supplier must have sufficient capability to meet our requirements and must be competitive in cost, quality and schedule.
