SALESFORCE INC report:
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
In May 2019, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MapAnything, Inc. ("MapAnything"), which integrates map-based visualization, asset tracking and route optimization for field sales and service teams. The Company has included the financial results of MapAnything, which are not material, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MapAnything was approximately $ 213 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 53 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of four to five years . The Company recorded approximately $ 152 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating MapAnything's technology with the Company's other offerings. The majority of the goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
How reserve estimates are established and updated We conduct an annual review in the third quarter to evaluate, establish and adjust as necessary, asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims reserves. Changes to reserves are recorded in the reporting period in which they are determined. Using established industry and actuarial best practices and assuming no change in the regulatory or economic environment, this detailed and comprehensive methodology determines asbestos reserves based on assessments of the characteristics of exposure (i.e. claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by individual policyholders, and determines environmental reserves based on assessments of the characteristics of exposure (i.e. environmental damages, respective shares of liability of potentially responsible parties, appropriateness and cost of remediation) to pollution and related clean-up costs. The number and cost of these claims are affected by advertising by trial lawyers seeking asbestos plaintiffs, and entities with asbestos exposure seeking bankruptcy protection as a result of asbestos liabilities, initially causing a delay in the reporting of claims, often followed by an acceleration and an increase in claims and claims expenses as settlements occur. 
After evaluating our insureds’ probable liabilities for asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims, we evaluate our insureds’ coverage programs for such claims. We consider our insureds’ total available insurance coverage, including the coverage we issued. We also consider relevant judicial interpretations of policy language and applicable coverage defenses or determinations, if any. 
Evaluation of both the insureds’ estimated liabilities and our exposure to the insureds depends heavily on an analysis of the relevant legal issues and litigation environment. This analysis is conducted by our specialized claims adjusting staff and legal counsel. Based on these evaluations, case reserves are established by claims adjusting staff and actuarial analysis is employed to develop an IBNR reserve, which includes estimated potential reserve development and claims that have occurred but have not been reported. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, IBNR was 55.9% and 54.8%, respectively, of combined net asbestos and environmental reserves.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In order to project the long-term target investment return for the total portfolio, estimates are prepared for the total return of each major asset class over the subsequent 10 -year period. Those estimates are based on a combination of factors including the current market interest rates and valuation levels, consensus earnings expectations and historical long-term risk premiums. To determine the aggregate return for the pension trust, the projected return of each individual asset class is then weighted according to the allocation to that investment area in the trust’s long-term asset allocation policy. 
The Company’s overall investment strategy is to achieve a mix of assets that allows us to meet projected benefit payments while taking into consideration risk and return. While target allocation percentages will vary over time, the current target allocation for plan assets is designed so that 45 % to 55 % of the assets have the objective of achieving a return in excess of the growth in liabilities (comprised of public equities, private equities, real estate, hedge funds, high yield bonds and emerging market debt) and 44 % to 54 % of the assets are invested as liability hedging assets (where interest rate sensitivity of the liability hedging assets better match the interest rate sensitivity of the liability) and a maximum of 10 % is in cash. This allocation will shift as funded status improves to a higher allocation of liability hedging assets. Target policies will be revisited periodically to ensure they are in line with fund objectives. Both active and passive management approaches are used depending on perceived market efficiencies and various other factors. Due to our diversification and risk control processes, there are no significant concentrations of risk, in terms of sector, industry, geography or company names. 
Cash and cash equivalents include short-term investment funds (less than 90 days to maturity), primarily in diversified portfolios of investment grade money market instruments and are valued using quoted market prices or other valuation methods. The carrying value of cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these investments.
