BOEING CO report:
Investments in private equity, private debt, real estate, real assets and hedge funds are primarily calculated and reported by the General Partner, fund manager or third-party administrator. Additionally, some investments in fixed income and equity are made via commingled vehicles and are valued in a similar fashion. Pension assets invested in commingled and LP structures rely on the NAV of these investments as the practical expedient for the valuations. 
The following tables summarizes the changes of Level 3 assets, reconciled by asset class, held during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Transfers into and out of Level 3 are reported at the beginning-of-year values. 
 January 1 2022 Balance Net Realized and Unrealized Gains/(Losses) Net Purchases, Issuances and Settlements Net Transfers Into/(Out of) Level 3 December 31 2022 Balance Fixed income securities: Corporate

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In the United States and Canada, we offer food manufacturers, bakeries, confectionary, and food service operators high-quality solutions to fit their goals, such as delivering desired tastes and textures, or reducing trans-fats or saturated fats in their products. Our products include trans-fat free high-oleic canola oil, which is low in saturated fats, and high-oleic soybean oil, which is highly stable and trans-fat free. We have also developed proprietary fiber addition processes that allow bakery and food processor customers to achieve significant saturated fat reductions in shortenings. We also offer expeller-pressed and physically-refined oils to food service customers under the Whole Harvest brand, and produce margarines and buttery spreads, including our leading Country Premium brand, for food service, food processor and retail private label customers. 
In Europe, we are a leader in consumer packaged vegetable oils, which are sold in various geographies under brand names including Venusz , Floriol , Kujawski , Unisol, Kaliakra, Ideal , Oleina , Oliwier , Komili and Kirlangic. We are also a leader in margarines, under brand names including Smakowita, Slynne, Maslo Rosline, Masmix, Optima, Finuu, Deli Reform, Keiju, Venusz, Evesol, Carlshamn and Voimix. Additionally, we produce a variety of products for the confectionary and bakery industries. We are also a B2B oils supplier in the Western European food service channel. 
In Asia, we offer a range of consumer and B2B products, including bakery, culinary, confectionary and infant nutrition products. In India, our consumer brands include Dalda , Ginni and Chambal edible oils; Dalda and Gagan vanaspatis; and Masterline professional bakery fats. In China, we offer consumer edible oils products under the Dou Wei Jia brand.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We derive our revenues primarily from subscription revenues from our enterprise cloud computing services, software licenses and support fees for our services. We also derive revenues from related professional services via our Customer Success Group. 
For our subscription and support offerings, we recognize subscription and support revenue ratably over the contract term, beginning on the commencement date of each contract. For software license sales, which resulted from our May 2018 acquisition of MuleSoft, revenues are generally recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer. We enter into professional services contracts that are on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. We recognize revenue over time as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts and ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services. 
Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in either unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition from subscription services and is recognized as the revenue recognition criteria are met. Remaining performance obligations, representing future revenues that are under contract but have not yet been recognized, are not recorded in unearned revenue. We generally invoice customers annually. Typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice.
