MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(10) We have excluded the initial impacts from enacted tax law changes. Initial impacts include items such as the remeasurement of deferred tax balances and the transition tax from the 2017 U.S. tax reform. Previously, we only excluded the initial impacts from more material tax reforms, specifically the impacts of the 2019 Swiss tax reform and 2017 U.S. tax reform. We exclude initial impacts from enacted tax law changes from our Adjusted EPS as they do not reflect our ongoing tax obligations under the enacted tax law changes. Refer to Note 16, Income Taxes , for more information on the impact of Swiss and U.S. tax reform. 
(11) We have excluded our proportionate share of our equity method investees’ significant operating and non-operating items such as acquisition and divestiture related costs, restructuring program costs and initial impacts from enacted tax law changes, in order to provide investors with a comparable view of our performance across periods. Although we have shareholder rights and board representation commensurate with our ownership interests in our equity method investees and review the underlying operating results and significant operating and non-operating items each reporting period, we do not have direct control over their operations or resulting revenue and expenses. Our use of equity method investment net earnings on an adjusted basis is not intended to imply that we have any such control. Our GAAP “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations” includes all of the investees’ significant operating and non-operating items. 
We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together with our U.S. GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to the corresponding U.S. GAAP financial measures, provides you with a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business than could be obtained absent these disclosures. Because non-GAAP financial measures vary among companies, the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this report may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Our use of these non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any U.S. GAAP financial measures. A limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures is they exclude items detailed below that have an impact on our U.S. GAAP reported results. The best way this limitation can be addressed is by evaluating our non-GAAP financial measures in combination with our U.S. GAAP reported results and carefully evaluating the following tables that reconcile U.S. GAAP reported figures to the non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• In addition to pan-European rights, Eurosport invests in exclusive and localized rights to drive local audience and commercial relevance. Important local sports rights include soccer leagues such as Allsvenskan and European Europa League in Sweden, Lega Basket basketball in Italy, and year-round ATP World Tour tennis in France, Czech Republic, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia, Slovakia, and Sweden. 
• discovery+ became the streaming home of the Olympics, the only place to watch all the Olympics in the European markets where the service had launched, while Eurosport Player remained the lead destination in other markets. 
• Discovery Sports Events is the Discovery-owned event management division that oversees events across five continents. Previously known as Eurosport Events, it acts as the global promoter and commercial rights-holder for six global Championships under long-term relationships with some of the world’s leading governing bodies and event owners. It promotes the World Touring Car Cup – Fédération Internationale de Automobile (“FIA”) and the FIA eTouring World Cup, the world’s first all-electric touring car championship. Launching in 2023, it will also promote the FIA Electric GT Championship, a new long-term platform for manufacturers to showcase their flagship GT cars and innovative technologies. In 2021, the group launched the Union Cycliste Internationale Track Champions League, a new series in a new 10-year alliance with Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme that will promote Speedway events globally.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We measure available cash by reference to distributable cash flow (“DCF”), which is a non-GAAP cash flow measure. DCF is an important financial measure for our common unitholders since it serves as an indicator of our success in providing a cash return on investment. Specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not we are generating cash flows at a level that can sustain our declared quarterly cash distributions. DCF is also a quantitative standard used by the investment community with respect to publicly traded partnerships since the value of a partnership unit is, in part, measured by its yield, which is based on the amount of cash distributions a partnership can pay to a unitholder. Our management compares the DCF we generate to the cash distributions we expect to pay our common unitholders. Using this metric, management computes our distribution coverage ratio. Our calculation of DCF may or may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
Based on the level of available cash each quarter, management proposes a quarterly cash distribution rate to the Board of Enterprise GP, which has sole authority in approving such matters. Unlike several other master limited partnerships, our general partner has a non-economic ownership interest in us and is not entitled to receive any cash distributions from us based on incentive distribution rights or other equity interests.
Our use of DCF for the limited purposes described above and in this report is not a substitute for net cash flows provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable GAAP measure. For a discussion of net cash flows provided by operating activities, see “Cash Flow Statement Highlights” within this Part II, Item 7.
