ALLSTATE CORP report:
We have distinct and separately capitalized groups of subsidiaries licensed to sell property and casualty insurance that maintain separate group ratings. The ratings of these groups are influenced by the risks that relate specifically to each group. Many mortgage companies require property owners to have insurance from an insurance carrier with a secure financial strength rating from an accredited rating agency. In April 2018, A.M. Best affirmed the ANJ, which writes auto and homeowners insurance, rating of A, and affirmed the North Light, our excess and surplus lines carrier, rating of A+. The outlook for the ANJ rating and North Light rating is stable. ANJ also has a Financial Stability Rating ®  of A ”  from Demotech, which was 
affirmed in November 2018. In February 2018, A.M. Best affirmed the CKIC, which underwrites personal lines property insurance in Florida, rating of B-. CKIC also has a Financial Stability Rating of A’ from Demotech that was affirmed in November 2018. ANJ, North Light and CKIC do not have support agreements with AIC. 
Allstate’s domestic property and casualty and life insurance subsidiaries prepare their statutory-basis financial statements in conformity with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the insurance department of the applicable state of domicile. Statutory surplus is a measure that is often used as a basis for determining dividend paying capacity, operating leverage and premium growth capacity, and it is also reviewed by rating agencies in determining their ratings.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc. and others are offering alternative means for making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless provider’s voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content. 
With respect to our wireline connectivity services, we compete against cable companies, wireless service providers, domestic and foreign telecommunications providers, satellite television companies, Internet service providers, over-the-top (OTT) providers and other companies that offer network services and managed enterprise solutions. Cable operators have increased the size and capacity of their networks in order to deliver digital products and services. We introduced offerings that provide customized Internet and video packages. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. Customers have more choices for obtaining video content from various online services. We expect the market will continue to shift from traditional linear video to OTT offerings. We expect customer migration from traditional voice services to wireless services to continue as a growing number of customers place greater value on mobility and wireless companies position their services as a landline alternative. We also face increasing competition from cable operators and other providers of VoIP services, as well as Internet portal providers. 
Network reliability, speed and coverage. We consider networks that consistently provide high-quality, fast and reliable service to be a key differentiator in the market and driver of customer satisfaction. Lower prices, improved service quality and new service offerings, which in many cases include video content, have led to increased customer usage of connectivity services. We and other network-based providers must ensure that our networks can meet these increasing capacity usage requirements and offer highly reliable national coverage.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;
