SALESFORCE INC report:
We have historically provided and continue to provide our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also provide our services via cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. In December 2020, we announced Hyperforce, a reimagination of our platform architecture built to securely and reliably deliver the Customer 360 platform on major public clouds. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services, as well as integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also offer prepaid connection service plans that feature domestic unlimited voice and unlimited domestic and international text. We have both single line and multi-line family options, with individual line data plan selections ranging from 500 megabytes per month to unlimited data. Family prepaid accounts include a line discount based on the number of total lines. On compatible devices, our prepaid plans also feature video and picture messaging, HD Voice and Video Calling. Our metered prepaid plans include Mobile Hotspot services and allow customers to continue to access our data services at reduced data speeds after using their monthly allowance for 4G LTE high speed data. None of our prepaid plans require an annual contract or credit check. 
Our international travel wireless services allow our customers to access voice, text and data services on many of our "World" smartphones, tablets or basic phones from various international destinations, dependent upon the customer's wireless plan. With TravelPass, customers are able to use their domestic talk, text and data allowances while traveling in Mexico, Canada and other countries where TravelPass is available for a flat rate per day. 
Access to the Internet is available on all smartphones and nearly all basic phones. In addition, our customers can access the Internet at broadband speeds on notebook computers and tablets that are either wireless enabled or that are used in conjunction with separate dedicated devices that provide a mobile Wi-Fi connection.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Deborah Borg, 42 —Ms. Borg joined Bunge in January 2016. She joined Bunge from Dow Chemical, where she served as President Dow USA, a role in which she was responsible for regional business strategy and external relationships with customers, government organizations and joint venture partners. She started her career at Dow in 2000 as Human Resources Manager for Australia / New Zealand and went on to hold regional and business HR roles in Asia, Europe and North America. She also served as Global HR Director, Marketing and Sales, and led the Human Capital Planning and Development function for Dow focusing on talent acquisition, retention, diversity and development. Previously, Ms. Borg served in HR and talent development roles with General Motors Australia. She holds a Bachelor of Business Management in Human Resources and a Master in Training and Change Management from Victoria University, Australia. 
Robert Coviello , 50—Mr. Coviello has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Growth and Strategy Officer since January 2019. Prior to that he served as Managing Director, Southeast Asia and China from 2016 to 2018. Prior to that he held a variety of commercial leadership positions for Bunge in Asia, Europe and the United States. Prior to joining Bunge in 2003, he served in commercial and trading roles at Cargill. He holds a bachelor’s degree from Dartmouth College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. 
Christos Dimopoulos , 45—Mr. Dimopoulos has served as President, Agribusiness since October 2018. Prior to that he served most recently as Senior Vice President, Global Grains and Oilseeds since December 2017. He joined the company in
