ALLSTATE CORP report:
Accident and health short duration contracts The reserve for future policy benefits includes unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense (“LAE”) reserves for individual and certain voluntary accident and health short-duration contracts and is an estimate of the Company’s liability from incurred claims at the end of the reporting period. The unpaid losses and LAE reserves are the result of an ongoing analysis of recent loss development trends and emerging historical experience. Original estimates are increased or decreased as additional information becomes known regarding individual claims. In setting its reserves, the Company reviews its loss data to estimate expected loss development. Management believes that its use of standard actuarial methodology applied to its analyses of its historical experience provides a reasonable estimate of future losses. However, actual future losses may differ from the Company’s estimate, and may be affected by future events beyond the control of management, including inflation, which may favorably or unfavorably impact the ultimate settlement of the Company’s losses and LAE, as well as changes in the law and judicial interpretations. 
The anticipated effect of inflation is implicitly considered when estimating liabilities for losses and LAE. In addition to inflation, the average severity of claims is affected by a number of factors that may vary by types and features of policies written. Future average severities are projected from historical trends, 
adjusted for implemented changes in underwriting standards and policy provisions, as well as general economic trends. These estimated trends are monitored and revised as necessary based on actual development.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, which offers proactive monitoring and instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self service offerings. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.

BOEING CO report:
A Potentially Responsible Party (PRP) has joint and several liability under existing U.S. environmental laws. Where we have been designated a PRP by the Environmental Protection Agency or a state environmental agency, we are potentially liable to the government or third parties for the full cost of remediating contamination at our facilities, former facilities or third-party sites. If we were required to fully fund the remediation of a site for which we were originally assigned a partial share, the statutory framework would allow us to pursue rights to contribution from other PRPs. For additional information relating to environmental contingencies, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Non-U.S. Sales. Our non-U.S. sales are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. governmental regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations relating to import-export control, tariffs, investment, exchange controls, anti-corruption and repatriation of earnings. Non-U.S. sales are also subject to varying currency, political and economic risks. 
We are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials, parts and subassemblies from our suppliers and subcontractors. The most important raw materials required for our aerospace products are aluminum (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions), titanium (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions) and composites (including carbon and boron). Although alternative sources generally exist for these raw materials, qualification of the sources could take a year or more. Many major components and product equipment items are procured or subcontracted on a sole-source basis.
