ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Beaumont Marine West terminal is located on the Neches River near Beaumont, Texas. This terminal includes three deep-water docks and one barge dock that facilitate the exporting and importing of crude oil and related products.
 • The Cushing terminal is located at the Cushing hub in Oklahoma and provides crude oil storage, pumpover and trade documentation services. This terminal is one of the origination points for our Seaway Pipeline.
 • The Corpus Christi terminal, located in Corpus Christi, Texas, is capable of loading ocean-going vessels with either crude oil or condensate. The terminal includes one deep-water ship dock and serves Eagle Ford Shale and Permian Basin producers through a connection with our Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Costs of produced and coproduced content consist of development costs, acquired production costs, direct production costs, certain production overhead costs and participation costs. The Company’s coproduction arrangements generally provide for the sharing of production costs. The Company records its costs but does not record the costs borne by the other party as the Company does not share any associated economics of exploitation. 
Licensed content is comprised of films or series that have been previously produced by third parties and the Company retains limited airing rights over a contractual term. Program licenses typically have fixed terms and require payments during the term of the license. The cost of licensed content is capitalized when the cost is known or reasonably determinable, the license period for the programs has commenced, the program materials have been accepted by the Company in accordance with the license agreements, and the programs are available for the first showing. The Company pays in advance of delivery for television series, specials, films and sports rights. Payments made in advance of when the right to air the content is received are recognized as prepaid licensed content. Participation costs are expensed in line with the amortization of production costs. Content distribution, advertising, marketing, general and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. 
Linear content amortization expense for each period is recognized based on the revenue forecast model, which approximates the proportion that estimated distribution and advertising revenues for the current period represent in relation to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues. Digital content amortization for each period is recognized based on estimated viewing patterns as there are no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets and therefore, number of views is most representative of the use of the title. Judgment is required to determine the useful lives and amortization patterns of the Company’s content assets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Unallocated assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, deferred income taxes, centrally held property, plant and equipment, prepaid pension assets and derivative financial instrument balances. Final adjustments for jurisdictional netting of deferred tax assets and liabilities is done at a consolidated level. 
During the first quarter of 2018, we realigned some of our products across product categories and as such, we reclassified the product category net revenues on a basis consistent with the 2018 presentation. 
Items impacting our operating results are discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , Note 6, Equity Method Investments , Note 7, Restructuring Program , Note 8, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , Note 10, Benefit Plans , and Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies – Tax Matters .
