ALLSTATE CORP report:
In 2019, the review resulted in an acceleration of DAC amortization of $58 million. DAC amortization acceleration primarily related to the investment margin component of estimated gross profits and was due to lower projected future interest rates and investment returns compared to our previous expectations. The acceleration related to benefit margin was due to decreased projected interest rates that result in lower projected policyholder account values which increases benefits on guaranteed products and more refined policy level information and assumptions. 
($ in millions) Traditional life and accident and health Interest-sensitive life insurance Total For the years ended December 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 Balance, beginning of year $ 508 $ 489 $ 571 $ 811 $ 1,079 $ 1,300 Acquisition costs deferred 50 63 56 60 106 123 
(2) Represents the change in the DAC adjustment for unrealized capital gains and losses. The DAC adjustment represents the amount by which the amortization of DAC would increase or decrease if the unrealized gains and losses in the respective product portfolios were realized.

BOEING CO report:
The following table provides quantitative data regarding our third party guarantees. The maximum potential payments represent a “worst-case scenario,” and do not necessarily reflect amounts that we expect to pay. Estimated proceeds from collateral and recourse represent the anticipated values of assets we could liquidate or receive from other parties to offset our payments under guarantees. The carrying amount of liabilities represents the amount included in Accrued liabilities. 
Contingent Repurchase Commitments The repurchase price specified in contingent repurchase commitments is generally lower than the expected fair value at the specified repurchase date. Estimated proceeds from collateral/recourse in the table above represent the lower of the contracted repurchase price or the expected fair value of each aircraft at the specified repurchase date. 
Indemnifications to ULA In 2006, we agreed to indemnify ULA through December 31, 2020 against potential non-recoverability and non-allowability of $ 1,360 of Boeing Delta launch program inventory included in contributed assets plus $ 1,860 of inventory subject to an inventory supply agreement which ends on March 31, 2021 . See Note 7 . ULA has yet to consume $ 30 of contributed inventory.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;
