WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Cable operators, DTH satellite operators and telecommunications service providers typically pay royalties via a per-subscriber fee for the right to distribute the Company’s programming under the terms of distribution contracts. The majority of the Company’s distribution fees are collected monthly throughout the year and distribution revenue is recognized over the term of the contracts based on contracted programming rates and reported subscriber levels. The amount of distribution fees due to the Company is reported by distributors based on actual subscriber levels. Such information is generally not received until after the close of the reporting period. In these cases, the Company estimates the number of subscribers receiving the Company’s programming to estimate royalty revenue. Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material. Distribution revenue from fixed-fee contracts is recognized over the contract term based on the continuous delivery of the content to the affiliate. Any monetary incentives provided to distributors other than for distinct goods or services acquired at fair value are recognized as a reduction of revenue over the service term. 
Although the delivery of linear feeds and digital products, such as video-on-demand (“VOD”) and authenticated TVE applications, are considered distinct performance obligations within a distribution arrangement, on demand offerings generally match the programs that are airing on the linear network. Therefore, the Company recognizes revenue for licensing arrangements as the license fee is earned and based on continuous delivery for fixed fee contracts. 
License fees from the sublicensing of sports rights are recognized when the rights become available for airing. Revenue from production studios is recognized when the content is delivered and available for airing by the customer. Royalties from brand licensing arrangements are earned as products are sold by the licensee. Affiliate and ad sales representation services are recognized as services are provided.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• a $124.2 million year-to-year increase in cash distributions attributable to the return of capital from unconsolidated affiliates, with those unconsolidated affiliates owning crude oil pipelines and terminals accounting for a majority of the increase; and
 • a $601.9 million year-to-year decrease in cash contributions from noncontrolling interests. In July 2019, an affiliate of Apache Corporation acquired a noncontrolling 33% equity interest in our consolidated subsidiary that owns the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline for $440.7 million. In addition, cash contributions from noncontrolling interests in connection with our Pascagoula natural gas processing plant and ethylene export facility decreased a combined $105.5 million year-to-year;
 • an $82.2 million year-to-year decrease in net cash proceeds from the issuance of common units under our distribution reinvestment plan (“DRIP”) and employee unit purchase plan (“EUPP”). In July 2019, the Partnership announced that, beginning with the quarterly distribution payment paid in August 2019, it would use common units purchased on the open market, rather than issuing new common units, to satisfy its delivery obligations under the DRIP and EUPP; and

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
As described in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s consolidated indefinite-life intangible asset balance was $18.4 billion as of December 31, 2022, which consists principally of brand names. At least annually management assesses indefinite-life intangible assets for impairment and if significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, management quantitatively tests the asset for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. Management estimates fair value using several accepted valuation methods, including relief from royalty, excess earnings and excess margin, that utilize estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates to determine a brand name’s fair value.
