ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Promix NGL fractionator receives mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities located in south Louisiana and along the Mississippi Gulf Coast, including our Neptune and Pascagoula plants. The Promix NGL fractionation facility includes three NGL storage caverns and a barge dock that are integral to its operations. Our 50% ownership interest in the Promix fractionator is held indirectly through our equity method investment in Promix.
 • The Tebone NGL fractionator, which was restarted in February 2019 in light of regional demand for fractionation services, receives mixed NGLs from our Louisiana natural gas processing facilities, as well as our Mont Belvieu storage complex. The resumption of service at our Tebone fractionator complements our operations at the Norco and Promix NGL fractionators and provides us with another processing option for mixed NGLs delivered to Mont Belvieu.
 • The Baton Rouge NGL fractionator receives mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities located in Alabama, Mississippi and south Louisiana. This facility includes a leased NGL storage cavern. Our 32.2% ownership interest in the Baton Rouge fractionator is held indirectly through our equity method investment in Baton Rouge Fractionators LLC.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Claims for employee health-care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. We use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims over time. While we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. Historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. 
Our exposure to financial market risk results from fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions or hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment holdings that are diversified among various instruments considered to be cash equivalents, as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report, as well as short-term investments in government and agency securities with effective maturities of generally three months to five years at the date of purchase. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and secondarily to generate yields. The majority of our short-term investments are in fixed interest-rate securities. These securities are subject to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value are classified in the following three categories:    
  
Equity securities include money market funds, time deposits, investments in mutual funds held in separate trusts, which are owned as part of the Company’s supplemental retirement plans, and company-owned life insurance contracts. (See Note 16.) The fair value of Level 1 equity securities was determined by reference to the quoted market price per share in active markets multiplied by the number of shares held without consideration of transaction costs. The fair value of the deferred compensation plan liability was determined based on the fair value of the related investments elected by employees. Changes in the fair value of the investments are offset by changes in the fair value of the deferred compensation obligation. (See Note 16.) Company-owned life insurance contracts are recorded at their cash surrender value, which approximates fair value (Level 2).
