US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company leases certain distribution and warehouse facilities, office facilities, fleet vehicles, and office and warehouse equipment. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and recognizes a financing or operating lease liability and right-of-use (“ROU”) asset in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of future minimum lease payments over the lease term as of commencement date. For the Company’s leases that do not provide an implicit borrowing rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available as of commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The lease terms may include options to extend, terminate or buy out the lease. When it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise these options, the associated payments are included in ROU assets and the estimated lease liabilities. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognizes lease expense for leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. For office and warehouse equipment leases, the Company accounts for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate, such as insurance and property taxes, are excluded from the measurement of the lease liability and are recognized as variable lease cost when the obligation for that payment is incurred. 
 Lease Cost Statements of Comprehensive Income Location 2021 2020 2019 Operating lease cost Distribution, selling and administrative costs $ 58   $ 52   $ 29   Financing lease cost: Amortization of leased assets 
Interest expense-net 10   12   12   Short-term lease cost Distribution, selling and administrative costs 1   —   —   Variable lease cost Distribution, selling and administrative costs 11   13   6   Net lease cost $ 153   $ 156   $ 123

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding into new horizontal markets.  As part of our growth strategy, which is driven both organically and through acquisitions, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, commerce, IoT and integration, and expect to continue this type of horizontal expansion in the future. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in top industries and major regions globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have steadily increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ, and we intend to develop additional distribution channels for our solutions around the globe. 
Promoting strong customer adoption. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, as well as advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and accelerate digital transformation.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS — Cash equivalents consist of bank time deposits, U.S. government securities money market funds and U.S. treasury bills with original maturities of three months or less. Abbott holds certain investments with a carrying value of approximately $325 million that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Investments held in a rabbi trust and investments in publicly traded equity securities are recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. Investments in equity securities that are not traded on public stock exchanges are recorded at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Investments in debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity, as management has both the intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity, and are reported at cost, net of any unamortized premium or discount. Income relating to these securities is reported as interest income. 
TRADE RECEIVABLE VALUATIONS — Accounts receivable are stated at their net realizable value. The allowance against gross trade receivables reflects the best estimate of probable losses inherent in the receivables portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, specific allowances for known troubled accounts and other currently available information. Accounts receivable are charged off after all reasonable means to collect the full amount (including litigation, where appropriate) have been exhausted. 
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT — Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The following table shows estimated useful lives of property and equipment:
