MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income increased $127 million (48.7%), primarily due to higher net pricing, favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs due to productivity, lower divestiture-related costs and lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher remeasurement loss on net monetary position, acquisition integration costs incurred in 2022, the impact of divestitures, inventory step-up charges incurred in 2022 and lapping a prior-year favorable impact from the resolution of a tax matter. 
Net revenues increased $320 million (12.9%), due to higher net pricing (13.7 pp), favorable volume/mix (6.1 pp) and the impact of divestitures (0.3 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (7.2 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. Favorable volume/mix reflected strong volume growth as the negative impacts from the pandemic that we experienced in the prior year subsided across the region. Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains in chocolate, biscuits & baked snacks, gum and candy, partially offset by declines in refreshment beverages and cheese & grocery. In addition, businesses divested in 2022 added incremental revenues of $11 million in 2021. Unfavorable currency impacts were primarily due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Argentinean peso and Brazilian real. 
Segment operating income increased $72 million (38.1%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs (productivity and lower incremental COVID-19 related costs), lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and favorable volume/mix. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, divestiture-related costs incurred in 2021, unfavorable currency, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses and lower benefits from the resolution of tax matters.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
NGL prices for ethane, propane, normal butane, isobutane and natural gasoline are based on Mont Belvieu, Texas Non-TET commercial index prices as reported by Oil Price Information Service by IHS Markit (“IHS”).
Polymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS. Refinery grade propylene (“RGP”) prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS.
The “Indicative Gas Processing Gross Spread” represents our generic estimate of the gross economic benefit from extracting NGLs from natural gas production based on certain pricing assumptions. Specifically, it is the amount by which the assumed economic value of a composite gallon of NGLs in Chambers County, Texas exceeds the value of the equivalent amount of energy in natural gas at Henry Hub, Louisiana. Our estimate of the indicative spread does not consider the operating costs incurred by a natural gas processing facility to extract the NGLs nor the transportation and fractionation costs to deliver the NGLs to market. In addition, the actual gas processing spread earned at each plant is further influenced by regional pricing and extraction dynamics.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Equity investments without readily determinable fair values include ownership rights that either (i) do not meet the definition of in-substance common stock or (ii) do not provide the Company with control or significant influence and these investments do not have readily determinable fair values. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are recorded at cost and adjusted for subsequent observable price changes as of the date that an observable transaction takes place. Adjustments for observable price changes are recorded in other income (expense), net. (See Note 10 and Note 18.) 
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairments. Internal use software costs are capitalized during the application development stage; software costs incurred during the preliminary project and post implementation stages are expensed as incurred. Repairs and maintenance expenditures that do not enhance the use or extend the life of property and equipment are expensed as incurred. Depreciation for most property and equipment is recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. (See Note 18.) 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets are included in other noncurrent assets. Finance lease ROU assets are included in property and equipment, net. Operating and finance lease liabilities are included in accrued liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
