ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• The Marcus Hook Terminal includes fractionation, terminalling and storage assets, with a capacity of approximately 2 MMBbls of NGL storage capacity in underground caverns, 4 MMBbls of above-ground NGL refrigerated storage, and related commercial agreements. The terminal has a total active refined products storage capacity of approximately 1 MMBbls. The facility can receive NGLs and refined products via marine vessel, pipeline, truck and rail, and can deliver via marine vessel, pipeline and truck. In addition to providing NGL storage and terminalling services to both affiliates and third-party customers, the Marcus Hook Terminal currently serves as an off-take outlet for our Mariner East Pipeline System. 
The Marcus Hook Terminal also has a tank farm with total refined products storage capacity of approximately 2 MMBbls. The terminal receives and delivers refined products via pipeline and primarily provides terminalling services to support movements on our refined products pipelines. 
• The Inkster terminal, located near Detroit, Michigan, consists of multiple salt caverns with a total storage capacity of approximately 860 MBbls of NGLs. We use the Inkster terminal’s storage in connection with the Toledo North pipeline system and for the storage of NGLs from local producers and a refinery in Western Ohio. The terminal can receive and ship by pipeline in both directions and has a truck loading and unloading rack.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses, partial or full sales of equity method investments and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, we reflected the impact of prior-quarter sales of KDP and JDE Peet’s shares within divested results as if the sales occurred at the beginning of all periods presented. 
(8) Includes our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring program costs. 
(10) Refer to Note 12, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and Note 17, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Given the limited headroom in the Asia-Pacific reporting unit, the Company closely monitored its results during 2019. During the third quarter, due to an increasingly challenging business environment in the Asia-Pacific region, which included 1) moderating revenue growth projections, 2) underperformance of certain sports investments, 3) heightened volatility in China and surrounding economies, and 4) a decline in Asia-Pacific stock price multiples for peer media companies, the Company believed the increased risk required it to perform an interim impairment test. The step 1 test utilized a DCF valuation methodology. Significant judgments and assumptions included the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates ranging from 2% to 2.5%, and a discount rate of 11%. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for the Asia-Pacific reporting unit were based on the reporting unit's budget and long-term business plan. The results of the step 1 test indicated that the carrying value of the net assets in the Asia-Pacific reporting unit exceeded its fair value. 
In the second step of the impairment test, the Company hypothetically assigned the Asia-Pacific reporting unit's fair value to its individual assets and liabilities, including unrecognized intangible assets such as customer relationships and trade names, in a hypothetical purchase price allocation that calculates the implied fair value of goodwill in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. The fair value estimates incorporated in step 2 for the hypothetical intangible assets were based on the excess earnings income approach for customer relationships and the relief-from-royalty method for trademarks. Key judgments made by management in step 2 of the impairment test included revenue growth rates, length of contract term, number of renewals, customer attrition rates, market-based royalty rates, and market-based tax rates. The step 2 impairment test indicated an implied fair value of goodwill of $40 million, which resulted in a pre-tax impairment charge of $155 million during the three months ended September 30, 2019. 
In 2019, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test for our reporting units based on our policy of performing a quantitative impairment test every three years, irrespective of the outcome of the qualitative assessment. The Europe reporting unit, which had headroom of 19%, was the only reporting unit with fair value in excess of carrying value of less than 20%. During our annual impairment testing, we evaluated the sensitivity of our most critical assumption, the discount rate, and determined that a 100 basis point change in the discount rate selected would not have impacted the test results. Additionally, the Company could reduce the terminal growth rate by 50 basis points, and the fair value of the Europe reporting unit would still exceed its carrying value. As of December 31, 2019, the carrying value of goodwill assigned to the Europe reporting unit was $1.9 billion. Management will continue to monitor this reporting unit for changes in the business environment that could impact recoverability. The recoverability of goodwill is dependent upon the continued growth of cash flows from our business activities. Additionally, as the Europe reporting unit operates in foreign markets with various functional currencies and has significant U.S. dollar denominated assets, changes in foreign exchange rates that result in strengthening of the U.S. dollar may negatively impact the fair value of the reporting unit and the calculation of excess carrying value.
