BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
John W. Neppl, 54 - Mr. Neppl was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2019. Mr. Neppl joined Bunge from Green Plains Inc., where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Green Plains, Mr. Neppl served as chief financial officer of The Gavilon Group, LLC, an agriculture and energy commodities management firm with an extensive global footprint. Mr. Neppl held senior financial management positions at ConAgra Foods, Inc., including senior 
financial officer of ConAgra Trade Group and Commercial Products division as well as assistant corporate controller. Prior to ConAgra, Mr. Neppl was corporate controller at Guarantee Life Companies. He began his career as an auditor with Deloitte & Touche. He is a member of the Creighton University Heider College of Business Dean’s Advisory Board, as well as its Accounting Department Advisory Board. Mr. Neppl holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration with a major in Accounting from Creighton University. He is also a certified public accountant (inactive status). 
Raul Padilla, 64 -Mr. Padilla has served as President, Global Operations since May 2019. Previously, Mr. Padilla was Chief Executive Officer of Bunge South America, having served as Managing Director, Bunge Global Agribusiness and Chief Executive Officer, Bunge Product Lines since 2010. Prior to that, he was Chief Executive Officer of Bunge Argentina since 1999, having joined the company in 1997 as Commercial Director. Mr. Padilla has over 30 years of experience in the oilseed processing and grain handling industries in Argentina, beginning his career with La Plata Cereal in 1977. He has served as President of the Argentine National Oilseed Crushers Association, Vice President of the International Association of Seed Crushers and Director of the Buenos Aires Cereal Exchange and the Rosario Futures Exchange. Mr. Padilla is a graduate of the University of Buenos Aires.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The estimated life for the stock options was based on an analysis of historical exercise activity. The risk-free interest rate is based on the rate for a U.S. government security with the same estimated life at the time of the option grant and the stock purchase rights. 
The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option pricing model. 
The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option pricing model.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $ 39 million in 2018 and $ 109 million in 2017. These tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to AbbVie’s operations for years prior to the separation. Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), which was formed to hold Abbott’s research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business, in January 2013. Abbott has retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to AbbVie’s business. AbbVie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business.
In September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for $ 4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $ 1.163 billion including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $ 728 million in 2017 related to the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. For 2017, the AMO loss before taxes included in Abbott’s consolidated earnings was $ 18 million.
Other (income) expense, net, for 2019, 2018 and 2017 includes approximately $ 225 million, $ 160 million and $ 160 million of income, respectively, related to the non-service cost components of the net periodic benefit costs associated with the pension and post-retirement medical plans. Other (income) expense, net, for 2017 includes a pre-tax gain of $ 1.163 billion related to the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson. In 2017, Abbott recorded a $ 45 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of the Mylan N.V. ordinary shares. See Note 4 — Discontinued Operations and Business Dispositions for further discussion of these 2017 sales.
