ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Access to human health care products continues to be a subject of investigation and action by governmental agencies, legislative bodies, and private organizations in many countries. A major focus is cost containment. Efforts to reduce health care costs are also being made in the private sector, notably by health care payors and providers, which have instituted various cost reduction and containment measures. Abbott expects insurers and providers will continue attempts to reduce the cost or utilization of health care products. Many countries control the price of health care products directly or indirectly, through reimbursement, payment, pricing, or coverage limitations. Budgetary pressures on health care payors may also heighten the scope and severity of pricing pressures on Abbott’s products for the foreseeable future. In the United States, the federal government regularly evaluates reimbursement for medical devices, diagnostics, supplies, and other products, as well as the procedures in which these products may be used. The government follows a diagnosis-related group (DRG) 
payment system for certain institutional services provided under Medicare or Medicaid and has implemented a prospective payment system (PPS) for services delivered in hospital outpatient, nursing home, and home health settings. DRG and PPS entitle a health care facility to a fixed reimbursement based on the diagnosis and/or procedure rather than actual costs incurred in patient treatment, thereby increasing the incentive for the facility to limit or control expenditures for many health care products. Other payment methodology changes have been proposed and implemented from time to time. For example, Medicare implemented a competitive bidding system for certain durable medical equipment (including diabetes products), enteral nutrition products, and supplies. Additionally, the Protecting Access to Medicare Act establishes a new payment system for clinical laboratory tests, which became effective on January 1, 2018.
In 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (together, the Affordable Care Act), imposed an excise tax on Abbott and other medical device manufacturers and importers. The excise tax was suspended from January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2019 and was repealed as of January 1, 2020 by the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020.

SALESFORCE INC report:
For fiscal 2021, the increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase of $330 million in employee-related costs, an increase of $37 million in stock-based expenses, an increase of $275 million in service delivery costs primarily due to our efforts to increase data center capacity, an increase in amortization of purchased intangible assets of $222 million and an increase in third party fees and allocated overhead. Service delivery costs associated with our perpetual and term software licenses are lower than service delivery costs associated with our cloud service offerings and as a result, our subscription and support gross margin in fiscal 2021 benefited, in part, due to this shift in our business mix. 
We have increased our headcount associated with our data centers, customer support, and professional services by 18 percent since fiscal 2020 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, and our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. The timing of these expenses will affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in future periods. 
For fiscal 2021, the increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase of approximately $508 million in employee-related costs, an increase of $193 million in stock-based expenses, and increases in our development and test data center costs and allocated overhead. Our research and development headcount increased by 11 percent since fiscal 2020 in order to improve and extend our service offerings, develop new technologies and integrate acquired companies. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2022, 2021, and 2020 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 28, 2022, August 29, 2021, and August 30, 2020, respectively. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco. 
• We opened 26 new warehouses, including 3 relocations: 14 net new in the U.S., 2 net new in our Canadian segment, and 7 new in our Other International segment, compared to 22 new warehouses, including 2 relocations in 2021; 
• SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 77 basis points, primarily due to leveraging increased sales and ceasing of incremental wages related to COVID-19, despite additional wage and benefits increases;
