MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
For our non-U.S. plans, the investment strategy is subject to local regulations and the asset/liability profiles of the plans in each individual country. In aggregate, the asset allocation targets of our non-U.S. plans are broadly characterized as a mix of approximately 25 % equity securities, 57 % fixed-income securities, 12 % buy-in annuity policies and 6 % real estate. 
In 2019 , we contributed $ 8 million to our U.S. pension plans and $ 248 million to our non-U.S. pension plans. In addition, employees contributed $ 13 million to our non-U.S. plans. We make contributions to our pension plans in accordance with local funding arrangements and statutory minimum funding requirements. Discretionary contributions are made to the extent that they are tax deductible and do not generate an excise tax liability. 
In 2020 , we estimate that our pension contributions will be $ 16 million to our U.S. plans and $ 230 million to our non-U.S. plans based on current tax laws. Our actual contributions may be different due to many factors, including changes in tax and other benefit laws, significant differences between expected and actual pension asset performance or interest rates.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• an $ 88.6 million year-to-year increase in cash distributions received on earnings from unconsolidated affiliates primarily due to investments in crude oil pipeline businesses; partially offset by 
 • a $ 308.5 million year-to-year increase in expenditures for consolidated property, plant and equipment (see “Capital Investments” within this Part II, Item 7 for additional information); and 
 • a $140.6 million year-to-year decrease in proceeds from asset sales primarily due to the sale of our former Red River System in October 2018 for $134.9 million; partially offset by

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Third parties may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property from time to time, and the success of any such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of intellectual property rights. Irrespective of their validity, such claims may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources which could have an adverse effect on our operations. In addition, piracy, which encompasses the theft of our signal, and unauthorized use of our content, in the digital environment continues to present a threat to revenues from products and services based on our intellectual property. We use external vendors to detect and remove infringing content and leverage our membership in a range of industry groups to address piracy issues. 
Our businesses are subject to and affected by regulations of U.S. federal, state and local government authorities, and our international operations are subject to laws and regulations of the countries and international bodies, such as the E.U., in which we operate. Content networks, such as those owned by us, are regulated by the FCC including some regulations that only apply to content networks affiliated with a cable television operator. Other FCC regulations, although imposed on cable television operators and direct broadcast satellite ("DBS") operators and other distributors, affect content networks indirectly. The rules, regulations, policies and procedures affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change. These descriptions are summary in nature and describe only the most significant regulations we face; they do not purport to describe all present and proposed laws and regulations affecting our businesses. 
The FCC’s program access rules prevent a satellite-delivered content vendor in which a cable operator has an “attributable” ownership interest from discriminating against unaffiliated multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”), such as cable and DBS operators, in the rates, terms and conditions for the sale or delivery of content. These rules permit the unaffiliated MVPD to initiate a complaint to the FCC against content networks if it believes this rule has been violated.
