WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The fair values of SARs and stock options are estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Because the Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value of awards. For SARs, the expected term is the period from the grant date to the end of the contractual term of the award unless the terms of the award allow for cash-settlement automatically on the date the awards vest, in which case the vesting date is used. For stock options the simplified method is utilized to calculate the expected term, since the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. The simplified method considers the period from the date of grant through the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term of the award. Expected volatility is based on a combination of implied volatilities from traded options on the Company’s common stock and historical realized volatility of the Company’s common stock. The dividend yield is assumed to be zero because the Company has no history of paying cash dividends and no present intention to pay dividends. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term of the award. 
The ESPP enables eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock through payroll deductions or other permitted means. The Company recognizes the fair value of the discount associated with shares purchased under the ESPP as share-based compensation expense. 
Advertising costs are expensed as promotional services are delivered and are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. Advertising costs paid to third parties totaled $ 390 million , $ 355 million and $ 162 million for 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Interest rates on existing and future credit facilities and future debt offerings could be significantly higher than current levels, causing our financing costs to increase accordingly. Although increased financing costs could limit our ability to raise funds in 
Inflation in the United States has been relatively low in recent years and has not had a material effect on our results of operations. It may in the future, however, increase the cost to acquire or replace property, plant and equipment and may increase the costs of labor and supplies. Our operating revenues and costs are influenced to a greater extent by commodity price changes. To the extent permitted by competition, regulation and our existing agreements, we have and will continue to pass along a portion of increased costs to our customers in the form of higher fees. 
Market risk includes the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. We face market risk from commodity variations, risk and interest rate variations, and to a lesser extent, credit risks. From time to time, we may utilize derivative financial instruments as described below to manage our exposure to such risks.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
There is considerable discussion over global warming and climate change including the environmental effects of greenhouse gas emissions and their associated consequences on global climate, oceans and ecosystems. Climate change could have a long-term impact on our operations. For example, our facilities that are located in low lying areas such as the coastal regions of Louisiana and Texas may be at increased risk due to flooding, rising sea levels, or disruption of operations from more frequent and severe weather events. Facilities in areas with limited water availability may be impacted if droughts become more frequent or severe. Changes in climate or weather may hinder exploration and production activities or increase the cost of production of oil and gas resources and consequently affect the volume of hydrocarbon products entering our system. Changes in climate or weather may also affect consumer demand for energy or alter the overall energy mix.
In response to governmental, scientific and public concerns that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases, including gases associated with oil and natural gas production such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide among others, contribute to a warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other adverse environmental effects, various governmental authorities have considered or taken actions to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. For example, the EPA has taken action under the CAA to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, certain states (individually or in regional cooperation), including states in which some of our facilities or operations are located, have taken or proposed measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Also, the U.S. Congress from time to time has proposed legislative measures for imposing restrictions or requiring fees or carbon taxes for the emission of greenhouse gases. One such fee applicable to certain of our operations has been imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, and is known as the “Methane emissions and waste reduction incentive program.”
Actions have also taken place at the international level, with the U.S. being involved. Various policies and approaches discussed include establishing a cap on emissions, requiring efficiency measures, or providing incentives for emissions reduction, use of renewable energy, or use of replacement fuels with lower carbon content are under discussion and have and may continue to result in additional actions involving greenhouse gases.
