VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
1,325   1,284   Unamortized discount, net of premium ( 4,922 ) ( 6,057 ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ( 688 ) ( 604 ) Total long-term debt, including current maturities 150,868   128,742   Less long-term debt maturing within one year 7,443   5,569   Total long-term debt $ 143,425   $ 123,173   Total long-term debt, including current maturities $ 150,868   $ 128,742   Plus short-term notes payable —   320   Total debt $ 150,868   $ 129,062   
(1) The debt obligations bore interest at a floating rate based on the Compounded Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) for the interest period or the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus an applicable interest margin per annum, as applicable. Compounded SOFR is calculated using the SOFR Index published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in accordance with the terms of the notes. The Compounded SOFR for the interest period ending in December 2021 was 0.049 %. The one-month and three-month LIBOR at December 31, 2021 was 0.101 % and 0.209 %, respectively. 
(2) In November 2021, $ 141 million of 8.750 % GTE LLC notes matured and were repaid. In November 2021, GTE LLC distributed its assets and liabilities to Verizon Communications and was dissolved. Verizon Communications is now the successor obligor on the remaining outstanding balance of $ 250 million.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Create a leading position in the identity protection market, offering full identity protection monitoring with proactive alerts, digital exposure reporting, identity theft reimbursement and excellent customer service. 
Provides consumer protection plans and related technical support for mobile phones, consumer electronics and appliances which provide customers protection from mechanical or electrical failure, and in certain cases, accidental damage from handling. 
The Arity platform provides data and analytics solutions using automotive telematics information. Customers receive value from our solutions either by using web based software tools, white labeled mobile applications or through embedding our technology in their mobile applications.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our Customer Success Platform - including sales force automation, customer service and support, marketing automation, digital commerce, community management, industry-specific solutions, analytics, integration solutions, application development, IoT integration, collaborative productivity tools, our AppExchange, which is our enterprise cloud marketplace, and our professional cloud services - provides the tools customers need to succeed in a digital world. Key elements of our strategy include: 
 We are also committed to a sustainable, low-carbon future, advancing equality and diversity, and fostering employee success. We try to integrate social good into everything we do. All of these goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities. 
We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include: our prospective customers’ willingness to migrate to enterprise cloud computing services; our ability to maintain a balanced portfolio of products and customers; the availability, performance and security of our service; our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of, new and improved features; our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies; successful customer adoption and utilization of our service; our ability to continue to meet new and evolving privacy laws and regulations, acceptance of our service in markets where we have few customers; the emergence of additional competitors in our market and improved product offerings by existing and new competitors; the location of new data centers that we operate as well as the new locations of services provided by third-party cloud computing platform providers; third-party developers’ willingness to develop applications on our platforms; our ability to attract new personnel and retain and motivate current personnel; and general economic conditions which could affect our customers’ ability and willingness to purchase our services, delay the customers’ purchasing decision or affect attrition rates.
