ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition in the Established Pharmaceutical Products segment is generally from other health care and pharmaceutical companies. In addition, the substitution of generic drugs for the brand prescribed and introduction of additional forms of already marketed established products by generic or branded competitors may increase competitive pressures. 
These products include a broad line of diagnostic systems and tests manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories, clinics, physicians' offices, government agencies, alternate care testing sites, and plasma protein therapeutic companies from Abbott owned distribution centers, public warehouses or third party distributors. 
• core laboratory systems in the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology, and transfusion, including the Alinity® family of instruments, ARCHITECT®, ABBOTT PRISM®, and Cell-Dyn®, with assays used for screening and/or diagnosis for cancer, cardiac, metabolics, drugs of abuse, fertility, general chemistries, infectious diseases such as hepatitis and HIV, and therapeutic drug monitoring; • molecular diagnostics systems, including the m2000™, an instrument that automates the extraction, purification, and preparation of DNA and RNA from patient samples, and detects and measures infectious agents including HIV, HBV, HCV, HPV, and CT/NG; and the Vysis® FISH product line of genomic-based tests; • point of care systems, including the i-STAT® and next-generation i-STAT® Alinity® and cartridges for blood analysis; • rapid diagnostics systems in the areas of infectious disease, including respiratory illness such as influenza, HIV, and tropical diseases such as malaria and dengue fever; molecular point-of-care testing for HIV, including the m-PIMA™ HIV-1/2 Viral Load Test, and for influenza A & B, RSV and strep A, including the ID NOW™ rapid molecular system; cardiometabolic testing, including Afinion® and Cholestech™ platforms and tests; a toxicology business for drug and alcohol testing; and remote patient monitoring and consumer self-testing; and • informatics and automation solutions for use in laboratories, including laboratory automation systems, the RALS point of care solution, and AlinIQ™, a suite of informatics tools and professional services. The Diagnostic Products segment's products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We also distribute a variety of non-food products, such as food containers, kitchen equipment and cleaning materials, and are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the storage, transportation, distribution, sale and labeling of those non-food products, including requirements to provide information about the hazards of certain chemicals present in some of the products we distribute. 
Our customers include several departments of the U.S. federal government, as well as certain state and local governmental entities. These customer relationships subject us to additional regulations applicable to government contractors. 
The U.S. Department of Labor and its agencies, the Employee Benefits Security Administration, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, regulate our employment practices and standards for workers. We are also subject to laws that prohibit discrimination in employment based on non-merit categories, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and other laws relating to accessibility and the removal of barriers. Our workers’ compensation self-insurance is subject to regulation by the jurisdictions in which we operate.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The change in marketing and sales expenses was primarily due to an increase of $637 million in employee-related costs and amortization of deferred commissions, an increase of $80 million in stock-based expenses, an increase in amortization of purchased intangible assets of $23 million and allocated overhead. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by 22 percent 
during fiscal 2018. The increase in headcount was primarily attributable to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. 
The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs. Our general and administrative headcount increased by 16 percent during fiscal 2018 as we added personnel to support our growth.
