WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Food Network and Cooking Channel are operated and organized under the terms of the TV Food Network Partnership (the “Partnership”). We hold interests in the Partnership, along with another noncontrolling owner. The Partnership agreement specifies a dissolution date of December 31, 2023. If the term of the Partnership is not extended prior to that date, the Partnership agreement permits us, as holder of 80% of the applicable votes, to reconstitute the Partnership and continue its business. If for some reason the Partnership is not continued, it will be required to limit its activities to winding up, settling debts, liquidating assets and distributing proceeds to the partners in proportion to their partnership interests. 
As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, all of the Company’s outstanding $13.8 billion registered senior notes have been issued by DCL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and guaranteed by the Company, Scripps Networks, and WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also has outstanding $30.0 billion of senior notes issued by WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. and guaranteed by the Company, Scripps and DCL; $1.5 billion of senior notes issued by the legacy WarnerMedia Business (not guaranteed); and approximately $23 million of un-exchanged senior notes issued by Scripps Networks (not guaranteed). (See Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) DCL primarily includes the Discovery Channel and TLC networks in the U.S. DCL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Scripps Networks is also wholly owned by the Company. 
The tables below present the summarized financial information as combined for Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (the “Parent”), Scripps Networks, DCL, and WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. (collectively, the “Obligors”). All guarantees of DCL and WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc.'s senior notes (the “Note Guarantees”) are full and unconditional, joint and several and unsecured, and cover all payment obligations arising under the senior notes.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment currently includes: (i) propylene production facilities, which include propylene fractionation units and a propane dehydrogenation (“PDH”) facility, approximately 800 miles of pipelines, and associated marketing operations; (ii) a butane isomerization complex and related deisobutanizer (“DIB”) operations, along with approximately 70 miles of associated pipelines; (iii) octane enhancement and high purity isobutylene (“HPIB”) production facilities; (iv) refined products pipelines aggregating approximately 4,100 miles, terminals and associated marketing activities; and (v) marine transportation.   This segment will also include our ethylene export terminal and related operations.
Our propylene production and related operations include seven propylene fractionation (or splitter) units, a PDH facility, approximately 800 miles of related pipelines, marine export dock infrastructure, and associated marketing activities. 
Propylene is a key feedstock used by the petrochemical industry. There are three grades of propylene; polymer grade (“PGP”) with a minimum purity of 99.5%; chemical grade (“CGP”) with a minimum purity of approximately 93-94%; and refinery grade (“RGP”) with a purity of approximately 70%. In 2018, global demand for propylene (PGP and CGP combined) was estimated at 108 million tons. Propylene fractionation units separate RGP, which is a mixture of propane and propylene, into either PGP or CGP. The PDH facility produces PGP using propane feedstocks. The demand for PGP primarily relates to the manufacture of polypropylene, which has a variety of end uses including packaging film, fiber for carpets and upholstery, molded plastic parts for appliances, and automotive, houseware and medical products. CGP is a basic petrochemical used in the manufacturing of plastics, synthetic fibers and foams.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We financed the repurchase of the notes, including the payment of accrued interest and other costs incurred, from the $ 2.0 billion revolving credit agreement entered into on April 2, 2018. We recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of $ 140 million within interest and other expense, net related to the amount we paid to retire the debt in excess of its carrying value and from recognizing unamortized discounts, deferred financing and other cash costs in earnings at the time of the debt extinguishment. Cash costs related to tendering the debt are included in long-term debt repayments in the consolidated statement of cash flows for 2018. 
On March 2, 2018, we launched an offering of C$ 600 million of 3.250 % Canadian-dollar denominated notes that mature on March 7, 2025. On March 7, 2018, we received C$ 595 million (or $ 461 million ) of proceeds, net of discounts and underwriting fees, to be used for general corporate purposes. We recorded approximately $ 4 million of discounts and deferred financing costs, which will be amortized into interest expense over the life of the notes. 
On January 26, 2018, fr. 250 million (or $ 260 million ) of our 0.080 % Swiss franc notes matured. The notes and accrued interest to date were paid with the issuance of commercial paper and cash on hand.
