ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The results of operations from our NGL pipelines are primarily dependent upon the volume of NGLs transported (or capacity reserved) and the associated fees we charge for such transportation services. Transportation fees charged to shippers are based on either tariffs regulated by governmental agencies, including the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”), or contractual arrangements. See “ Regulatory Matters ” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 for information regarding governmental regulation of our liquids pipelines.
Includes our Belle Rose and Wilprise pipelines located in the coastal regions of Louisiana; two pipelines located near Port Arthur in southeast Texas; our San Jacinto pipeline located in East Texas; our Permian NGL lateral pipelines located in New Mexico; Leveret pipeline in West Texas and New Mexico; and a pipeline in Colorado associated with our Meeker facility. Transportation services provided by the Wilprise and Leveret pipelines are regulated by federal governmental agencies.
We own a 74.7% consolidated interest in the 30-mile Wilprise pipeline through our majority owned subsidiary, Wilprise Pipeline Company, L.L.C. We proportionately consolidate our 50% undivided interest in a 45-mile segment of the Port Arthur pipelines. The remainder of these NGL pipelines are wholly owned.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Although the Company had funding commitments to equity method investees as of December 31, 2020, the Company may also provide uncommitted additional funding to its equity method investments in the future. (See Note 4.) 
The Company is party to various lawsuits and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims related to employees, vendors, other business partners or patent issues. However, a determination as to the amount of the accrual required for such contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgment about future events. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty and the impact of the final resolution of these matters on the Company's results of operations in a particular subsequent reporting period is not known, management does not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company's future consolidated financial position, future results of operations or cash flows. 
During the year ended December 31, 2019, a withholding tax claim recorded as part of the Scripps Networks purchase accounting was settled with a portion of the claim being resolved subsequent to the measurement period, which resulted in a reversal of the remaining accrual and a reduction in selling, general, and administrative expense of $ 29 million.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
An ARO is required to be recorded when a legal obligation to retire an asset exists and such obligation can be reasonably estimated. We will record an asset retirement obligation in the periods in which management can reasonably estimate the settlement dates. 
Except for certain amounts discussed below, management was not able to reasonably measure the fair value of asset retirement obligations as of   December 31, 2018   and   2017 , in most cases because the settlement dates were indeterminable. Although a number of other onshore assets in Panhandle’s system are subject to agreements or regulations that give rise to an ARO upon Panhandle’s discontinued use of these assets, AROs were not recorded because these assets have an indeterminate removal or abandonment date given the expected continued use of the assets with proper maintenance or replacement. Sunoco, Inc. has legal AROs for several other assets at its previously owned refineries, pipelines and terminals, for which it is not possible to estimate when the obligations will be settled. Consequently, the retirement obligations for these assets cannot be measured at this time. At the end of the useful life of these underlying assets, Sunoco, Inc. is legally or contractually required to abandon in place or remove the asset. We believe we may have additional AROs related to Sunoco, Inc.’s pipeline assets and storage tanks, for which it is not possible to estimate whether or when the AROs will be settled. Consequently, these AROs cannot be measured at this time. Sunoco LP has AROs related to the estimated future cost to remove underground storage tanks.   
Individual component assets have been and will continue to be replaced, but the pipeline and the natural gas gathering and processing systems will continue in operation as long as supply and demand for natural gas exists. Based on the widespread use of natural gas in industrial and power generation activities, management expects supply and demand to exist for the foreseeable future. We have in place a rigorous repair and maintenance program that keeps the pipelines and the natural gas gathering and processing systems in good working order. Therefore, although some of the individual assets may be replaced, the pipelines and the natural gas gathering and processing systems themselves will remain intact indefinitely.
