WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Compliance with existing and future laws that regulate the delivery of fuel by barge, truck, vessel, pipeline or other means; fuel storage terminals or underground storage tanks that we own, lease or operate; or the quality of product under our control may require capital expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs, particularly as we continue to expand our physical operations. In addition, continuing changes in environmental laws and regulations may also require capital expenditures by our customers or otherwise increase our customers’ operating costs, which could in turn, reduce the demand for our products and services or impact the pricing or availability of the products we sell. Environmental laws and regulations have historically been subject to frequent change and have tended to become more stringent and costly over time. 
We could be subject to joint and several as well as strict liability for environmental contamination or violations of environmental regulations. Some of our current and former properties have been operated by third parties whose handling and management of hazardous materials were not under our control. Pursuant to certain environmental laws, we could be responsible for investigating and remediating contamination, including impacts attributable to prior site occupants or other third parties, and for implementing remedial measures to mitigate the risk of future contamination. In some cases, we may be eligible to receive money from state underground storage tank trust funds to help fund remediation. However, receipt of such payments is subject to stringent eligibility requirements and other limitations that can significantly reduce the availability of such trust fund payments and may delay or increase the duration of associated cleanups. Any such contamination, leaks from storage tanks or other releases of regulated 
From time to time, we are subject to legal and administrative actions governing the investigation and remediation of contamination or spills from current and past operations. The penalties for violations of environmental laws can include injunctive relief; administrative, civil or criminal penalties; recovery of damages for injury to air, water or property; and third-party damages. Some environmental laws may also impose strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances, which could subject us to liability without regard to whether we were negligent or at fault. See Item 1A. – Risk Factors.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We are a publicly traded Delaware limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the ticker symbol “EPD.” Our preferred units are not publicly traded. We were formed in April 1998 to own and operate certain natural gas liquids (“NGLs”) related businesses of EPCO and are a leading North American provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products. We are owned by our limited partners (preferred and common unitholders) from an economic perspective. Enterprise GP, which owns a non-economic general partner interest in us, manages our Partnership. We conduct substantially all of our business operations through EPO and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Our fully integrated, midstream energy asset network (or “value chain”) links producers of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil from some of the largest supply basins in the United States (“U.S.”), Canada and the Gulf of Mexico with domestic consumers and international markets. Our midstream energy operations include:
 • propylene production facilities (including propane dehydrogenation (“PDH”) facilities), butane isomerization, octane enhancement, isobutane dehydrogenation (“iBDH”) and high purity isobutylene (“HPIB”) production facilities;

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented strict health and safety protocols and taken appropriate measures in our facilities, including implementing temperature screening, social distancing, mask-wearing and work-from-home policies where applicable. As local governments began planning their vaccine rollout programs, we developed and deployed a three-phased vaccine advocacy strategy to understand intent, drive interest and secure vaccine availability for our colleagues all around the world. We will continue to employ a flexible approach to how and where we work for our office-based employees, focusing on new ways of working in the workplace that enables colleagues to work remotely when appropriate and evolves our office spaces to foster great connection and collaboration. 
Culture and Employee Engagement: We conduct confidential engagement surveys of our global workforce that are administered and analyzed by an independent third party. Aggregate survey results are reviewed by executive officers and the Board of Directors. We create action plans at global, regional, functional and managerial levels. By acting on results both at an aggregate enterprise level and a department/business/work group level, we have been able to enhance our culture and improve our overall engagement. 
We believe this reflects our ongoing efforts during the pandemic to focus on our employees, their well-being and the issues that matter to them. In 2021, we had over 12,000 colleagues actively participating in training that supported their well-being and provided them with new tools and resources to support remote work. We also launched initiatives to further agile ways of working and streamline decision-making processes to enhance productivity and employee engagement. We continue to build a winning growth culture and continue our commitment to work on the areas that matter to our people and build on our momentum.
