ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
​ 
 ​ 
On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $ 23.6 billion, including approximately $ 13.6 billion in cash and approximately $ 10 billion in Abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of Abbott common stock, based on Abbott’s closing stock price on the acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, approximately $ 5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical’s debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by Abbott. The acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Because we are organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and our principal place of business is in the U.S., we are considered a “domestic concern” under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and are covered by its anti-bribery provisions. 
• approximately 86% of our associates were working in “field” based roles within our broadline distribution, retail operations and broadline support business production facilities, with the remaining 14% working in shared service or corporate roles. 
As of January 1, 2022, we were party to 51 collective bargaining agreements (“CBAs”) covering 5,900, or 21%, of our associates working at 29 (or 41%) of our distribution facilities, 4 of our broadline support business production facilities and 23 of our cash and carry locations. During fiscal year 2021, 14 CBAs covering approximately 1,800 union associates were renegotiated. During fiscal year 2022, 13 CBAs covering approximately 1,200 union associates will be subject to renegotiation. While we have experienced work stoppages from time to time in the past, we generally believe we have good relations with both our union and non-union associates, and we strive to be a well-regarded employer in the communities in which we operate.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
