SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and equity method investments are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The estimation of fair value for these investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs, and as a result, the Company classifies these assets as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. For example, the Company's privately held equity securities that have been remeasured are classified within Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because the value is based on valuation methods using the observable transaction price and other unobservable inputs including the volatility, rights, and obligations of the securities the Company holds. The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and equity method investments amounted to $ 1.6 billion as of January 31, 2020 and $ 0.9 billion as of January 31, 2019. 
Computers, equipment and software at January 31, 2019 included a total of $ 671 million acquired under capital lease agreements, as reported prior to the adoption of Topic 842. Accumulated amortization relating to computers, equipment and software acquired under capital leases totaled $ 480 million at January 31, 2019. Amortization of assets acquired under capital leases was included in depreciation and amortization expense for fiscal 2019 and 2018. 
In August 2019, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Tableau Software, Inc. (“Tableau”) which provides a self-service analytics platform that enables users to easily access, prepare, analyze, and present findings in their data. The Company has included the financial results of Tableau in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $ 40 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Tableau was approximately $ 14.8 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions):

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
effects of climate change, including shifts in agricultural production areas and climatic volatility, could in the long-term result in incidents of stranded physical assets. We believe the breadth and diversification of our global asset network, as well as our participation in global trade of agricultural commodities, help to mitigate these risks. 
As of December 31, 2018, we had approximately 31,000 employees. Many of our employees are represented by labor unions, and their employment is governed by collective bargaining agreements. In general, we consider our employee relations to be good. 
Our website address is www.bunge.com. Through the "Investors: SEC Filings" section of our website, it is possible to access our periodic report filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports. Also, filings made pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act with the SEC by our executive officers, directors and other reporting persons with respect to our common shares are made available through our website. Our periodic reports and amendments and the Section 16 filings are available through our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such report, amendment or filing is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
For both operating and finance leases, we recognize a right-of-use asset, which represents our right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability, which represents the present value of our obligation to make payments arising over the lease term. The present value of the lease payments is calculated using the incremental borrowing rate for operating and finance leases. The incremental borrowing rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. Management uses the unsecured borrowing rate and risk-adjusts that rate to approximate a collateralized rate, which is updated on a quarterly basis. 
In those circumstances where the Company is the lessee, we account for non-lease components associated with our leases (e.g., common area maintenance costs) and lease components as a single lease component for substantially all of our asset classes. Additionally, in arrangements where we are the lessor, we have customer premise equipment for which we account for non-lease components (e.g., service revenue) and lease components as combined components under the revenue recognition guidance in Topic 606 as the service revenues are the predominant components in the arrangements. 
Rent expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and is included in either Cost of services or Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income, based on the use of the facility or equipment on which rent is being paid. Variable rent payments related to both operating and finance leases are expensed in the period incurred. Our variable lease payments consist of payments dependent on various external indicators, including real estate taxes, common area maintenance charges and utility usage.
