MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
“Adjusted Operating Income” is defined as operating income excluding the impacts of the Simplify to Grow Program (4) ; gains or losses (including non-cash impairment charges) on goodwill and intangible assets; divestiture (2) or acquisition gains or losses and related divestiture (2) , acquisition and integration costs (2) ; the operating results of divestitures (2) ; remeasurement of net monetary position (5) ; mark-to-market impacts from commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivative contracts (6) ; impact from resolution of tax matters (7) ; CEO transition remuneration (8) ; impact from pension participation changes (9) ; Swiss tax reform impacts (10) ; and incremental expenses related to the 2017 malware incident. We also present “Adjusted Operating Income margin,” which is subject to the same adjustments as Adjusted Operating Income. We also evaluate growth in our Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis (3) . 
“Adjusted EPS” is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations excluding the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income definition as well as losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; gain on equity method investment transactions; net earnings from divestitures (2) ; gains or losses on interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges due to changed financing and hedging plans and U.S. and Swiss tax reform impacts (10) . Similarly, within Adjusted EPS, our equity method investment net earnings exclude our proportionate share of our investees’ unusual or infrequent items (11) . We also evaluate growth in our Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis (3) . 
When items no longer impact our current or future presentation of non-GAAP operating results, we remove these items from our non-GAAP definitions. During 2019, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of the impact from Swiss tax reform as described in footnote (10) below. During 2018, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of: remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in Argentina (see footnote (5) below) and the impact from pension participation changes (see footnote (9) below).

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Claims for employee health care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit exposures arising from very large losses. It uses different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary (the captive) and participates in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are not discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends. At the end of 2020 and 2019, these insurance liabilities were $ 1,188 and $ 1,222 in the aggregate, respectively, and were included in accrued salaries and benefits and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, classified based on their nature. 
The captive receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company’s premium costs in selling, general and administrative expenses, in the consolidated statements of income. The captive participates in a reinsurance program that includes other third-party participants. The reinsurance agreement is one year in duration, and new agreements are entered into by each participant at their discretion at the commencement of the next calendar year. The participant agreements and practices of the reinsurance program limit a participating members’ individual risk. Income statement adjustments related to the reinsurance program and related impacts to the consolidated balance sheets are recognized as information becomes known. In the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company retains its primary obligation to the policyholders for prior activity. 
The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business. It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of fluctuations of foreign exchange on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company’s international subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. Some of these contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features that require settlement of outstanding contracts upon certain triggering events. The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments in a net liability position and the amount needed to settle the instruments immediately if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered were immaterial at the end of 2020 and 2019. The aggregate notional amounts of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were $ 1,036 and $ 704 at the end of 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Note 4 for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts at the end of 2020 and 2019.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
These products include a broad line of diagnostic systems and tests manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories, clinics, physicians’ offices, government agencies, alternate care testing sites, and plasma protein therapeutic companies from Abbott owned distribution centers, public warehouses or third party distributors.
The Diagnostic Products segment’s products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
These products include a broad line of pediatric and adult nutritional products manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to consumers and to institutions, wholesalers, retailers, health care facilities, government agencies, and third-party distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers or third-party distributors.
