SALESFORCE INC report:
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Amounts include a benefit related to the parti al release of the v aluation allowance of $612 million , $2 million  and $226 million  for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The fiscal 2019 benefit was partially offset by an increase in unrecognized tax benefits. 
Salesforce.com, inc. (the "Company") is a leading provider of enterprise software, delivered through the cloud, with a focus on customer relationship management, or CRM. The Company introduced its first CRM solution in 2000, and has since expanded its service offerings into new areas and industries with new editions, features and platform capabilities.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
A business is classified as held for sale when management having the authority to approve the action commits to a plan to sell the business, the sale is probable to occur during the next 12 months at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value and certain other criteria are met. A business classified as held for sale is recorded at the lower of its carrying amount or estimated fair value less cost to sell. When the carrying amount of the business exceeds its estimated fair value less cost to sell, a loss is recognized and updated each reporting period as appropriate. 
The results of operations of business classified as held for sale are reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the entity’s operations and financial results. The disposal of a reportable segment generally qualifies for discontinued operations presentation. 
The local currency of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is deemed to be the functional currency of the country in which these subsidiaries operate. The financial statements of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the end of a reporting period for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates during the period for results of operations.

BOEING CO report:
(2) The negative amount represents the sum, for all aircraft subject to fair value measurement, of all downward adjustments based on consideration of individual aircraft attributes and condition. The positive amount represents the sum of all such upward adjustments. 
The fair values and related carrying values of financial instruments that are not required to be remeasured at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at December 31 were as follows: 
The fair values of notes receivable are estimated with discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The fair value of our debt that is traded in the secondary market is classified as Level 2 and is based on current market yields. For our debt that is not traded in the secondary market, the fair value is classified as Level 2 and is based on our indicative borrowing cost derived from dealer quotes or discounted cash flows. The fair values of our debt classified as Level 3 are based on discounted cash flow models using the implied yield from similar securities. With regard to other financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of our indemnifications and financing commitments because the amount and timing of those arrangements are uncertain. Items not included in the above disclosures include cash, restricted cash, time deposits and other deposits, commercial paper, money market funds, Accounts receivable, Unbilled receivables, Other current assets, Accounts payable and long-term payables. The carrying values of those items, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, approximate their fair value at December 31, 2021 and 2020. The fair value of assets and liabilities whose carrying value approximates fair value is determined using Level 2 inputs, with the exception of cash (Level 1).
