ALLSTATE CORP report:
as volatility. Other primary inputs include interest rate yield curves and credit spreads and quoted prices for identical or similar assets in the markets that exhibit less liquidity relative to those markets supporting Level 2 fair value measurements. 
• Other assets: Includes the contingent consideration provision in the sale agreement for ALIC which meets the definition of a derivative. This derivative is valued internally using a model that includes stochastically determined cash flows and inputs that include spot and forward interest rates, volatility, corporate credit spreads and a liquidity discount. This derivative is categorized as Level 3 due to the significance of non-market observable inputs. 
• Liabilities held for sale: Comprise derivatives embedded in certain life and annuity contracts which are valued internally using models widely accepted in the financial services industry that determine a single best estimate of fair value for the embedded derivatives within a block of contractholder liabilities. The models primarily use stochastically determined cash flows based on the contractual elements of embedded derivatives, projected option cost and applicable market data, such as interest rate yield curves and equity index volatility assumptions. These are categorized as Level 3 as a result of the significance of non-market observable inputs.

BOEING CO report:
Global Trade On June 1, 2018, the U.S. Government began imposing tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. In response to these tariffs, several major U.S. trading partners have imposed, or announced their intention to impose, tariffs on U.S. goods. We continue to monitor the potential for any extra costs that may result from these actions. 
On July 6, 2018, the U.S. and China began imposing tariffs on approximately $34 billion of each other's exports. Certain aircraft parts and components that Boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. Subsequently, the U.S. imposed tariffs on an additional $216 billion in Chinese goods, and China imposed tariffs on an additional $76 billion worth of U.S goods. On December 1, 2018, the U.S. and China agreed to a 90-day timetable to negotiate a resolution to the trade dispute. We continue to monitor the potential for any disruption and adverse revenue and/or cost impacts that may result from these actions or future geopolitical economic developments. 
The U.S. Government continues to impose and/or threaten to impose sanctions on certain businesses and individuals in Russia. Although our operations or sales in Russia have not been impacted to date, we continue to monitor additional sanctions that may be imposed by the U.S. Government and any responses from Russia that could affect our supply chain, business partners or customers.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Foreign Exchange Derivatives —We use a combination of foreign exchange forward, swap, futures and option contracts in certain of our operations to mitigate the risk of exchange rate fluctuations in connection with certain commercial and balance sheet exposures. The foreign exchange forward swap and option contracts may be designated as cash flow or fair value hedges. We may also use net investment hedges to partially offset the translation adjustments arising from the remeasurement of our investment in certain of our foreign subsidiaries. 
Interest Rate Derivatives —Interest rate derivatives used by us as hedging instruments are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. Certain of these swap agreements may be designated as fair value hedges. The carrying amount of the associated hedged debt is also adjusted through earnings for changes in the fair value arising from changes in benchmark interest rates. We may enter into interest rate swap agreements for the purpose of managing certain of our interest rate exposures. We may also enter into interest rate basis swap agreements that do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. The impact of changes in fair value of these instruments is primarily presented in interest expense. 
Commodity Derivatives —We primarily use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to movements associated with agricultural commodity prices. We generally use exchange traded futures and options contracts to minimize the effects of changes in the prices of agricultural commodities held as inventories or subject to forward purchase and sale contracts, but may also enter into OTC commodity transactions, including swaps, which are settled in cash at maturity or termination based on exchange-quoted futures prices. Changes in fair values of exchange traded futures contracts, representing the unrealized gains and/or losses on these instruments, are settled daily, generally through our 100% owned futures clearing subsidiary. Forward purchase and sale contracts are primarily settled through delivery of agricultural commodities. While we consider these exchange traded futures and forward purchase and sale contracts to be effective economic hedges, we do not designate or account for the majority of our commodity contracts as hedges. Changes in fair values of these contracts and related RMI are included in Cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income. The forward contracts require performance of both us and the contract counterparty in future periods. Contracts to purchase agricultural commodities generally relate to current or future crop years for delivery periods quoted by regulated commodity exchanges. Contracts for the sale of agricultural commodities generally do not extend beyond one future crop cycle.
