WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Income taxes are recorded using the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates the Company expects to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not such assets will be unrealized. The Company also engaged in transactions that make the Company eligible for federal investment tax credits. The Company accounts for federal investment tax credits under the flow-through method, under which the tax benefit generated from an investment tax credit is recorded in the period the credit is generated. 
From time to time, the Company engages in transactions in which the tax consequences may be uncertain. Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax consequences of these transactions. The Company prepares and files tax returns based on its interpretation of tax laws and regulations. In the normal course of business, the Company's tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities. 
In determining the Company's tax provision for financial reporting purposes, the Company establishes a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless the Company determines that such positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on their technical merits, including the resolution of any appeals or litigation processes. The Company includes interest and where appropriate, penalties, in its tax reserves. There is significant judgment involved in determining the amount of reserve and whether positions taken on the Company's tax returns are more likely than not to be sustained, which involve the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the potential outcome of positions taken on tax returns that may be reviewed by tax authorities. The Company adjusts its tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Long-term financial liabilities include the Company's long-term debt, which are recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price and adjusted for unamortized discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs, and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term debt is based primarily on reported market values, recently completed market transactions, and estimates based upon interest rates, maturities, and credit. 
Receivables consist primarily of vendor, reinsurance, credit card incentive, third-party pharmacy and other receivables. Vendor receivables include discounts and volume rebates. Balances are generally presented on a gross basis, separate from any related payable due. In certain circumstances, these receivables may be settled against the related payable to that vendor, in which case the receivables are presented on a net basis. Reinsurance receivables are held by the Company’s wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and primarily represent amounts ceded through reinsurance arrangements gross of the amounts assumed under reinsurance, which are presented within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Credit card incentive receivables primarily represent amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement in the U.S. Third-party pharmacy receivables generally relate to amounts due from members’ insurers. Other receivables primarily consist of amounts due from governmental entities, mostly tax-related items. 
Receivables are recorded net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based on historical experience and application of the specific identification method. Write-offs of receivables were immaterial in 2020, 2019, and 2018.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
(3)   Pol ymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS Chemical, a division of IHS Inc. (“IHS Chemical”). Refinery grade propylene prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS Chemical. 
                                    (1) WTI prices are based on commercial index prices at Cushing, Oklahoma as measured by the NYMEX. 
Fluctuations in our consolidated revenues and cost of sales amounts are explained in large part by changes in energy commodity prices. Energy commodity prices fluctuate for a variety of reasons, including supply and demand imbalances and geopolitical tensions. The weighted-average indicative market price for NGLs was $0.82 per gallon in 2018 compared to $0.69 per gallon in 2017 and $0.50 per gallon in 2016.
