SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company capitalizes incremental costs of obtaining non-cancelable Cloud Services subscription, ongoing Cloud Services support and license support revenue contracts. For contracts with on-premises software licenses where revenue is recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer, costs allocable to those licenses are expensed as they are incurred. Capitalized amounts consist primarily of sales commissions paid to the Company’s direct sales force. Capitalized amounts also include (1) amounts paid to employees other than the direct sales force who earn incentive payouts under annual compensation plans that are tied to the value of contracts acquired, (2) commissions paid to employees upon renewals of subscription and support contracts, (3) the associated payroll taxes and fringe benefit costs associated with the payments to the Company’s employees, and (4) to a lesser extent, success fees paid to partners in emerging markets where the Company has a limited presence. 
Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years , which is longer than the typical initial contract period, but reflects the estimated average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit, the Company evaluated both qualitative and quantitative factors which included the estimated life cycles of its offerings and its customer attrition. Additionally, the Company amortizes capitalized costs for renewals and success fees paid to partners over two years . 
The capitalized amounts are recoverable through future revenue streams under all non-cancelable customer contracts. The Company periodically evaluates whether there have been any changes in its business, the market conditions in which it operates or other events which would indicate that its amortization period should be changed or if there are potential indicators of impairment.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
617 636 Reinsurance (56) (58) Net reserves 561 578 Direct primary commercial insurance Gross reserves 168 160 Reinsurance (75) (63) Net reserves 93 97 Other run-off business Gross reserves 1 2 Reinsurance — — Net reserves 1 2 Unallocated loss adjustment expenses Gross reserves 80 79 Reinsurance (1) (1) Net reserves 79 78 Total Gross reserves 1,916 1,888 Reinsurance (495) (480) Net reserves $ 1,421   $ 1,408   
Total gross payments were $142 million and $137 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily related to settlement agreements reached with several insureds on large claims, mainly asbestos, where the scope of coverages has been agreed upon. The claims associated with these settlement agreements are expected to be substantially paid out 
Reinsurance collections were $39 million and $53 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. The allowance for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables was $66 million and $59 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The allowance represents 11.0% and 10.5% of the related reinsurance recoverable balances as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

BOEING CO report:
For long-term contracts for which revenue is recognized over time, changes in estimated revenues, cost of sales and the related effect on operating income are recognized using a cumulative catch-up adjustment which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a long-term contract’s percentage-of-completion. When the current estimates of total revenues and costs at completion for a long-term contract indicate a loss, a provision for the entire reach-forward loss on the long-term contract is recognized. 
The table below reflects the impact of net cumulative catch-up adjustments for changes in estimated revenues and costs at completion across all long-term contracts including the impact to Loss from operations from increases in estimated losses on unexercised options for the years ended December 31: 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process, changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, internal and supplier performance, inflationary trends, or other circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods.
