MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income decreased $295 million ( 25.8% ), primarily due to the impact from pension participation changes, higher manufacturing costs, unfavorable volume/mix, higher raw material costs and higher other selling, general and administrative expenses. These unfavorable items were partially offset by lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher net pricing, the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, lower intangible asset impairment charges and the impact from the acquisition of Tate's Bake Shop. 
Net revenues decreased $163 million ( 2.3% ), due to unfavorable volume/mix (1.8 pp), lower net pricing (0.6 pp) and the impact of divestitures (0.1 pp), partially offset by favorable currency (0.2 pp). Unfavorable volume/mix, primarily caused by shipments delayed at the end of the second quarter due to the malware incident that were not recovered, was driven by declines in gum, biscuits and candy, partially offset by a gain in chocolate. Lower net pricing was reflected in biscuits and chocolate, partially offset by higher net pricing in candy and gum. Favorable currency impact was due to the strength of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. 
Segment operating income increased $16 million ( 1.4% ), primarily due to lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of the prior-year’s gain on sale of property), lower manufacturing costs and lower raw material costs. These favorable items were partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix, incremental costs incurred due to the malware incident, lower net pricing, the impact of divestitures and prior-year gain on the sale of an intangible asset.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Diagnostic Products segment’s products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
These products include a broad line of pediatric and adult nutritional products manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to consumers and to institutions, wholesalers, retailers, health care facilities, government agencies, and third-party distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers or third-party distributors.
Primary marketing efforts for nutritional products are directed toward consumers or to securing the recommendation of Abbott’s brand of products by physicians or other health care professionals. In addition, nutritional products are also promoted directly to the public by consumer marketing efforts in markets where permitted.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The functional currencies of the Company’s international subsidiaries are their local currencies. Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Revenues and expenses of the Company’s consolidated foreign operations are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the year. 
The Company recognizes foreign-currency transaction gains and losses related to revaluing or settling monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward foreign-exchange contracts. These items were $ 46 and $ 84 in 2023 and 2022 and immaterial in 2021. 
The Company recognizes sales for the amount of consideration collected from the member, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, and is net of sales taxes collected and remitted to government agencies and member returns. The Company reserves for estimated returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns and reduces sales and merchandise costs accordingly. The Company records, on a gross basis, a refund liability and an asset for recovery, which are included in other current liabilities and other current assets, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets.
