BOEING CO report:
A portion of service cost is recognized in Earnings from operations in the period incurred and the remainder is included in inventory at the end of the reporting period and recorded in Earnings from operations in subsequent periods. 
The pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in earnings in 2018, 2017, and 2016 were largely consistent across all periods. The decrease in net periodic benefit costs included in Earnings from operations in 2017 was primarily due to lower service costs reflecting the transition of employees in 2016 to defined contribution retirement savings plans. 
Other income/(loss), net decreased by $31 million in 2018 primarily due to lower gains from foreign exchange, partially offset by higher interest income. Other income/(loss), net increased by $561 million in 2017 primarily due to a decrease in non-operating pension and postretirement costs and higher gains from foreign exchange. The non-operating pension expense included in Other income/(loss), net was a benefit of $143 million in 2018 and $117 million in 2017 , compared with an expense of $327 million in 2016 . The benefits in 2018 and 2017 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses. The expense in 2016 reflects the amortization of non-service costs previously capitalized as inventory in prior years, primarily interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses in excess of expected returns.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The components of lease expense were as follows (in millions):  
Supplemental cash flow information related to operating and finance leases was as follows (in millions):  
Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating and finance leases was as follows (in millions):

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our brands in Brazil include Suprema, Soberana, Primor and Predileta wheat flours, Gradina and Pre-Mescla bakery premixes and Ricca confectioner cream. Our corn milling products primarily consist of dry-milled corn meals and flours, flaking and brewers' grits, soy-fortified corn meal, corn-soy blends, and other similar products. As part of our corn portfolio, we also sell whole grain and fiber ingredients in addition to wet-milled masa flours, some sold under the El Maizal brand in the United States. Additionally, we offer non-GMO products in the United States, including corn varieties. 
Customers —The primary customers for our wheat milling products are food processing, bakery, and food service companies. The primary customers for our corn milling products are companies in the food-processing sector, such as cereal, snack, bakery and brewing companies, as well as the U.S. Government under its humanitarian assistance programs. 
Competition —Competition is based on a variety of factors, including price, raw material procurement, brand recognition, product quality, nutritional profile, dietary trends, and distribution capabilities. In Brazil, our major competitors are M. Dias Branco, J. Macedo and Moinho Anaconda, as well as many small regional producers. Our major competitors in North American corn milling include Cargill, Didion Inc., SEMO Milling, LLC, Life Line Foods, LLC and Gruma S.A.B. de C.V.
