ALLSTATE CORP report:
Interest rate risk is the risk that we will incur a loss due to adverse changes in interest rates relative to the characteristics of our interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Interest rate risk includes risks related to changes in U.S. Treasury yields and other key risk-free reference yields. This risk arises from many of our primary activities, as we invest substantial funds in interest-sensitive assets and issue interest-sensitive liabilities. Changes in interest rates can have favorable and unfavorable effects on our results. For example, increases in rates can improve investment income, but decrease the fair value of our fixed income securities portfolio and increase policyholder surrenders requiring us to liquidate assets. Decreases in rates could increase the fair value of our fixed income securities portfolio while decreasing investment 
For our corporate debt, we monitor market interest rates and evaluate refinancing opportunities as maturity dates approach. To mitigate this risk, we ladder the maturity dates of our debt. For our noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, we monitor market dividend rates and evaluate opportunities to redeem or refinance on or after specified dates. For further detail regarding our debt and our preferred stock, see Note 12 of the consolidated financial statements and the Capital Resources and Liquidity section of this Item. 
We manage the interest rate risk in our assets relative to the interest rate risk in our liabilities and our assessment of overall economic and capital risk. One of the measures used to quantify this exposure is duration. The difference in the duration of our assets relative to our liabilities is our duration gap. To calculate the duration gap between assets and liabilities, we project asset and liability cash flows and calculate their net present value using a risk-free market interest rate adjusted for credit quality, sector attributes, liquidity and other specific risks. Duration is calculated by revaluing these cash flows at alternative interest rates and determining the percentage change in aggregate fair value. The cash flows used in this calculation include the expected maturity and repricing characteristics of our derivative financial instruments, all other financial instruments, and certain other items including unearned premiums, claims and claims expense reserves, annuity liabilities and other interest-sensitive liabilities.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We had no borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2020 under our unsecured $1,100 million five-year syndicated revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with certain lenders party thereto maturing December 14, 2023. We have the option to request an extension of the maturity date of the Credit Agreement for two additional one-year periods, subject to the consent of the lenders. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.625%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt ("Rating Level"). Amounts under the Credit Agreement that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee at rates ranging from 0.09% to 0.225%, varying based on the Rating Level. We may, from time to time, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments under the Credit Agreement by up to $200 million pursuant to an accordion provision. 
We had $140 million of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2020 under our unsecured $865 million revolving credit facility, maturing September 6, 2022 (the "2022 Facility"). Borrowings under the 2022 Facility bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.75% per annum, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt. Amounts under the 2022 Facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly based on the average undrawn portion of the 2022 Facility at rates ranging from 0.125% to 0.275%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt. 
Our commercial paper program is supported by committed back-up bank credit lines (the ‘‘Liquidity Facility’’) equal to the amount of the commercial paper program provided by lending institutions that are required to be rated at least A-1 by Standard & Poor’s and P-1 by Moody’s Investor Services. The cost of borrowing under the Liquidity Facility would typically be higher than the cost of issuance under our commercial paper program. At December 31, 2020, $549 million of borrowings were outstanding under the commercial paper program and no borrowings were outstanding under the Liquidity Facility. The Liquidity Facility is our only revolving credit facility that requires lenders to maintain minimum credit ratings.

BOEING CO report:
Multiple legal actions have been filed against us as a result of the October 29, 2018 accident of Lion Air Flight 610 and the March 10, 2019 accident of Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302. Further, we are fully cooperating with all ongoing governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries relating to the accidents and the 737 MAX, including investigations by the U.S. Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission. We cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, not covered by available insurance that may result given the ongoing status of these lawsuits, investigations, and inquiries. We have also experienced claims and/or assertions from customers and suppliers in connection with the grounding. As a result of the grounding, we reduced the 737 production rate from 52 per month to 42 per month in 2019 and in December 2019, we announced plans to temporarily suspend 737 production beginning in January 2020. We have concluded that the suspension of production and the gradual resumption of production at low production rates will result in abnormal production costs which will be expensed when incurred rather than inventoried. Prior to the grounding, we had planned to increase the production rate to 57 per month in 2019. 
In the preparation of our financial statements, we have made assumptions regarding outcomes of accident investigations and other government inquiries, timing and conditions of return to service, the duration of the 737 MAX production suspension and timing of future 737 production rate increases, supplier readiness to support production rate changes, timing and sequence of future customer deliveries as well as outcomes of negotiations with customers impacted by the grounding. We have also made significant assumptions regarding estimated costs expected to be incurred in 2020 and 2021 that should be included in program inventory and those costs that should be expensed when incurred as abnormal production costs. While these assumptions reflect our best estimate at this time, they are highly uncertain and significantly affect the estimates inherent in our financial statements. 
The FAA and other non-U.S. civil aviation authorities will determine the timing and conditions of the 737 MAX return to service in each relevant jurisdiction. We have assumed that regulatory approval of the 737 MAX will enable deliveries to resume during mid-2020. We have also assumed that, as a condition of return to service, regulators will require 737 MAX pilots to undergo computer and simulator training. We have assumed that we will resume 737 MAX aircraft production at low rates in 2020 as timing and conditions of return to service are better understood, and then we expect to gradually increase to previously planned production rates over the next few years. We are also assuming that 737 MAX airplanes produced during the grounding and included within inventory will be delivered over several quarters with the majority of them delivering during the first year after the resumption of deliveries. The cumulative impacts of changes to assumptions regarding timing of return to service and timing of planned production rates have increased the estimated costs to produce aircraft included in the current accounting quantity by approximately $6.3 billion, which will be recorded in program inventory. In addition, the suspension of 737 MAX production and lower production rates is expected to result in approximately $4.0 billion of abnormal production costs in 2020 and 2021 that will be expensed as incurred. The increases in the estimated costs accounted for as program inventory will reduce 737 program and overall BCA segment operating margins in future periods after deliveries resume. Production costs incurred while production is suspended and a portion of production costs incurred while we gradually increase production rates to a normal level will be expensed as incurred as abnormal costs and will not be included in program inventory. We may face additional costs, delays in regulatory approval of the 737 MAX and/or the resumption of deliveries, and/or further delays in planned production rate increases which may result in further increases in program costs and/or abnormal production costs.
