ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The following table summarizes the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits without regard to reduction in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such unrecognized tax benefits were settled:
The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate is approximately $ 1.08 billion. Abbott believes that it is reasonably possible that the recorded amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease within a range of $ 70 million to $ 430 million, including cash adjustments, within the next twelve months as a result of concluding various domestic and international tax matters.
Abbott’s principal business is the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a broad line of health care products. Abbott’s products are generally sold directly to retailers, wholesalers, hospitals, health care facilities, laboratories, physicians’ offices and government agencies throughout the world.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In situations where a customer purchases multiple cloud offerings, such as through an Enterprise License Agreement, we allocate the contract value to each core service offering based on the customer’s estimated product demand plan, the service that was provided at the inception of the contract, and standalone selling price ("SSP") of those products. We do not update these allocations based on actual product usage during the term of the contract. We have allocated approximately 17 percent , 15 percent , 13 percent  of our total subscription and support revenues for fiscal 2019  , 2018 and 2017, respectively, based on customers’ estimated product demand plans and these allocated amounts are included in the table above. 
Additionally, some of our service offerings have similar features and functions. For example, customers may use the Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud or the Salesforce Platform to record account and contact information, which are similar features across these core service offerings. Depending on a customer’s actual and projected business requirements, more than one core service offering may satisfy the customer’s current and future needs. We record revenue based on the individual products ordered by a customer, not according to the customer’s business requirements and usage. In addition, as we introduce new features and functions within each offering and refine our allocation methodology for changes in our business, we do not expect it to be practical to adjust historical revenue results by service offering for comparability. Accordingly, comparisons of revenue performance by core service offering over time may not be meaningful. 
Our Sales Cloud service offering is our most widely distributed service offering and has historically been the largest contributor of subscription and support revenues. As a result, Sales Cloud has the most international exposure and foreign exchange rate exposure relative to the other cloud service offerings. Conversely, revenue for Marketing and Commerce Cloud is primarily derived from the Americas with little impact from foreign exchange rate movement.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The OSHA hazard communication standard, the community right-to-know regulations under Title III of the federal Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act, and comparable state statutes require us to organize and disclose information about the hazardous materials used in our operations. Certain parts of this information must be reported to federal, state and local governmental authorities and local citizens upon request. These laws and provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) require us to report spills and releases of hazardous chemicals in certain situations.
We are subject to extensive regulation by the DOT as authorized under various provisions of Title 49 of the United States Code and comparable state statutes relating to the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of our pipeline facilities. These statutes require companies that own or operate pipelines to (i) comply with such regulations, (ii) permit access to and copying of pertinent records, (iii) file certain reports and (iv) provide information as required by the U.S. Secretary of Transportation. The DOT regulates natural gas and hazardous liquids pipelines through its Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (“PHMSA”). We believe we are in material compliance with DOT regulations.
We are also subject to DOT pipeline integrity management regulations that specify how companies should assess, evaluate, validate and maintain the integrity of pipeline segments that, in the event of a release, could impact High Consequence Areas (“HCAs”). HCAs include populated areas, unusually sensitive areas and commercially navigable waterways. These regulations require the development and implementation of an integrity management program that utilizes internal pipeline inspection techniques, pressure testing or other equally effective means to assess the integrity of pipeline segments in HCAs. These regulations also require periodic review of pipeline segments in HCAs to ensure that adequate preventive and mitigative measures exist and that companies take prompt action to address integrity issues raised in the assessment and analysis process. We have identified our pipeline segments in HCAs and developed an appropriate integrity management program for such assets.
