ALLSTATE CORP report:
In Sundquist v. Wilson, et al ., another plaintiff alleging to be a stockholder of the Company filed a stockholder derivative complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois on May 21, 2018. Plaintiff seeks, on behalf of the Company, an unspecified amount of damages and various forms of equitable relief. The complaint names as defendants the Company’s chairman, president and chief executive officer, its former president, its former vice chairman, and certain present or former members of the board of directors. 
The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duty based on allegations similar to those asserted in In re The Allstate Corp. Securities Litigation as well as state law “misappropriation” claims based on stock option transactions by the Company’s chairman, president and chief executive officer, its former vice chairman, and certain members of the board of directors. Defendants moved to dismiss and/or stay the complaint on August 7, 2018. On December 4, 2018, the court granted defendants’ motion and stayed the case pending the final resolution of the consolidated Biefeldt/IBEW matter. 
Mims v. Wilson, et al., is an additional stockholder derivative action filed on February 12, 2020 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Plaintiff alleges that she previously made a demand on the Allstate Board and seeks, on behalf of the Company, an unspecified amount of damages and

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The functional currency for our foreign operations is primarily the local currency. The translation of income statement and balance sheet amounts of our foreign operations into U.S. dollars is recorded as cumulative translation adjustments, which are included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets. Gains and losses on foreign currency transactions are recorded in the consolidated statements of income in Other income (expense), net. At December 31, 2021, our primary translation exposure was to the British Pound Sterling, Euro, Australian Dollar, and Japanese Yen. 
We have entered into cross currency swaps designated as cash flow hedges to exchange our British Pound Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar-denominated cash flows into U.S. dollars and to fix our cash payments in U.S. dollars, as well as to mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. The fair value of the asset of these contracts was $589 million and $1.4 billion at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of the liability of these contracts was $1.6 billion and $196 million, respectively. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the total notional amount of the cross currency swaps was $32.5 billion and $26.3 billion, respectively. 
We also have foreign exchange forwards which we use as an economic hedge but for which we have elected not to apply hedge accounting. We enter into British Pound Sterling and Euro foreign exchange forwards to mitigate our foreign exchange rate risk related to non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of the asset of these contracts was insignificant and there is no amount related to the liability of these contracts. At December 31, 2020, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was insignificant. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the total notional amount of the foreign exchange forwards was $932 million and $1.4 billion, respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We periodically make changes to our sales organization to position us for long-term growth, which has in the past and could again in the future result in temporary disruptions to our sales productivity. In addition, we have experienced, and may at times in the future experience, more variation from our forecasted expectations of new business activity due to longer and less predictable sales cycles and increasing complexity of our business, which includes an expanded mix of products and various revenue models resulting from acquisitions. While we do not expect any of these changes to have a material adverse effect on our business or our ability to meet our near-term or long-term revenue targets, slower growth in new business in a given period could negatively affect our revenues in future periods, as well as remaining performance obligation in current or future periods, particularly if experienced on a sustained basis. 
In December 2019, a novel strain of Coronavirus was reported in Wuhan, China. The World Health Organization has declared the outbreak to constitute a "Public Health Emergency of International Concern." The extent of the impact of the Coronavirus on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, impact on our customers and our sales cycles, impact on our customer, employee or industry events, and effect on our vendors, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. For example, in response to the Coronavirus epidemic, we have shifted certain of our customer events to virtual-only experiences and we may deem it advisable to similarly alter, postpone or cancel entirely additional customer, employee or industry events in the future. At this point, the extent to which the Coronavirus may impact our financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. Due to our subscription based business model, the effect of the Coronavirus may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods, if at all. 
The expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted our revenue results for fiscal 2020 and had a minimal impact on our remaining performance obligation as of January 31, 2020. We expect these fluctuations to continue in the future.
