WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our operating results are subject to seasonal variability. Our seasonality results from numerous factors, including traditionally higher demand for natural gas and home heating oil during the winter months and aviation and land fuel during the summer months, as well as other seasonal weather patterns. As such, our results of operations may fluctuate from period to period. 
Supplying fuel safely and securely is a top priority. We monitor and manage our operations through processes and procedures designed to avoid and minimize our effects and impacts on the environment. Our business activities are subject to substantial regulation by federal, state, local and international governmental agencies in the countries in which we operate, including those relating to the sale, blending, storage, transportation, delivery and disposal of fuel and the collection, transportation, processing, storage, use and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. For example, U.S. federal and state environmental laws applicable to us include statutes that: (i) allocate the cost of remedying contamination among specifically identified parties and prevent future contamination; (ii) impose national ambient standards and, in some cases, emission standards, for air pollutants that present a risk to public health or welfare; (iii) govern the management, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes; and (iv) regulate the discharge of pollutants into waterways. International treaties also prohibit the discharge of petroleum products at sea. 
Compliance with existing and future laws that regulate the delivery of fuel by barge, truck, vessel pipeline or car; fuel storage terminals or underground storage tanks that we own, lease or operate; or the quality of product under our control may require significant capital expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs, particularly as we continue to expand our physical presence globally. In addition, continuing changes in environmental laws and regulations may also require capital expenditures by our customers or otherwise increase our customers’ operating costs, which could in turn, reduce the demand for our products and services or impact the pricing or availability of the products we sell.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The actuarial (gain) for all postretirement plans in 2021 and 2022 was driven by gains related to assumption changes partially offset by losses related to a change in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations of those plans. 
Year-end discount rates for our U.S., Canadian and U.K. plans were developed from a model portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments with durations that match the expected future cash flows of the benefit obligations. Year-end discount rates for our remaining non-U.S. plans were developed from local bond indices that match local benefit obligations as closely as possible. Changes in our discount rates were primarily the result of changes in bond yields year-over-year. Our expected health care cost trend rate is based on historical costs. 
For the periods presented, we measure service and interest costs for other postretirement benefits by applying the specific spot rates along a yield curve used to measure plan obligations to the plans’ liability cash flows. We believe this approach provides a good measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans’ liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Volume for derivatives designated as hedging instruments reflects the total amount of volumes hedged whereas volume for derivatives not designated as hedging instruments reflects the absolute value of derivative notional volumes.
The maximum term for derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, derivatives designated as fair value hedges and derivatives not designated as hedging instruments is December 2022, December 2021 and October 2023, respectively.
At December 31, 2020, our predominant commodity hedging strategies consisted of (i) hedging anticipated future purchases and sales of commodity products associated with transportation, storage and blending activities, (ii) hedging the fair value of commodity products held in inventory and (iii) hedging natural gas processing margins.
