SALESFORCE INC report:
See also Note 15, “Legal Proceedings and Claims” of the Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason. 
We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that enables companies to improve their relationships and interactions with customers. We introduced our first CRM solution in 2000, and we have since expanded our service offerings with new editions, features and platform capabilities. Our core mission is to empower our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies including cloud, mobile, social, Internet of Things ("IoT") and artificial intelligence ("AI") technologies.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
As the digital platform reshapes the delivery of media and entertainment content, there is an increasing need for stable, high-quality video delivery platforms. Our Media Platform offers a scalable platform for delivering content, including live broadcasts, video on demand, games, software and websites to our customers on their devices at any time. This platform is targeted at media and entertainment companies and other businesses that deliver their digital products and services through the Internet. 
We are evolving the architecture of our networks to a next-generation multi-use platform, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support both our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We call this the Intelligent Edge Network. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, improve our fourth-generation ( 4G ) Long-Term Evolution ( LTE ) wireless coverage, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market. 
Over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. We believe 5G technology will be able to provide users with eight capabilities, or currencies. The eight currencies are peak data rates, mobile data volumes, mobility, number of connected devices, energy efficiency of connected devices, service deployment, reduced latency and improved reliability. We expect that 5G technology will provide higher throughput and lower latency than the current 4G LTE technology and enable our networks to handle more traffic as the number of Internet-connected devices grows. During 2018, we commercially launched 5G Home on proprietary standards in four U.S. markets and on global standards in a fifth U.S. market in 2019. We also launched our 5G Ultra Wideband Network in 31 U.S. markets in 2019, as well as several 5G-compatible smartphones.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The amounts reported as indemnification recoverables include amounts paid and due from indemnitors as well as estimates of amounts expected to be recovered from indemnitors on insurance liabilities that have been incurred but not yet paid. The design and function of these indemnification programs does not result in the retention of insurance or reinsurance risk by the indemnitee. Based on the Company’s evaluation of these programs on an individual basis, the establishment of credit loss allowances is not warranted at this time. The Company has not experienced any historical credit losses related to its indemnification programs. The Company continues to monitor these programs to determine whether any changes from historical experience have emerged or are expected to emerge or whether there have been any changes in the design or administration of the programs that would require establishment of credit loss allowances. 
Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired, less any impairment of goodwill recognized. The Company’s goodwill reporting units are equivalent to its reportable segments to which goodwill has been assigned: Allstate Protection, Protection Services, and Allstate Health and Benefits. 
Goodwill is recognized when acquired and allocated to reporting units based on which unit is expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually. The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment testing during the fourth quarter of each year based upon data as of the close of the third quarter. Goodwill impairment is measured and recognized as the amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying value, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The Company also reviews goodwill for impairment
