ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Market risk includes the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. We face market risk from commodity variations, risk and interest rate variations, and to a lesser extent, credit risks. From time to time, we may utilize derivative financial instruments as described below to manage our exposure to such risks. 
We are exposed to market risks related to the volatility of commodity prices. To manage the impact of volatility from these prices, we utilize various exchange-traded and OTC commodity financial instrument contracts. These contracts consist primarily of futures, swaps and options and are recorded at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. 
We use futures and basis swaps, designated as fair value hedges, to hedge our natural gas inventory stored in our Bammel storage facility. At hedge inception, we lock in a margin by purchasing gas in the spot market or off peak season and entering into a financial contract. Changes in the spreads between the forward natural gas prices and the physical inventory spot price result in unrealized gains or losses until the underlying physical gas is withdrawn and the related designated derivatives are settled. Once the gas is withdrawn and the designated derivatives are settled, the previously unrealized gains or losses associated with these positions are realized.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In our natural gas gathering business, we encounter competition in obtaining contracts to gather natural gas supplies, particularly new supplies. Competition in natural gas gathering is based in large part on reputation, efficiency, system reliability, gathering system capacity and pricing arrangements. Our key competitors in the natural gas gathering business include independent gas gatherers and major integrated energy companies. Our natural gas marketing activities compete primarily with other natural gas pipeline companies and their marketing affiliates as well as standalone natural gas marketing and trading firms. Competition in the natural gas marketing business is based primarily on competitive pricing, proximity to customers and market hubs, and quality of customer service.
We compete with numerous producers of PGP, which include many of the major refiners and petrochemical companies located along the Gulf Coast, in terms of the level of toll processing fees charged and access to pipeline and storage infrastructure. Our petrochemical marketing activities encounter competition from major integrated oil companies and various petrochemical companies that have varying levels of financial and personnel resources, and competition generally revolves around product price, quality of customer service, logistics and location.
With respect to our isomerization operations, we compete primarily with facilities located in Kansas, Louisiana and New Mexico. Competitive factors affecting this business include the level of toll processing fees charged, the quality of isobutane that can be produced and access to supporting pipeline and storage infrastructure. We compete with other octane additive manufacturing companies primarily on the basis of price.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In anticipation of this combination, in June 2021, Magallanes, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T Inc., entered into a $ 10 billion term loan that will be guaranteed by the Company and certain material subsidiaries of the Company upon closing of the transaction. 
On June 11, 2019, the Company and BBC Studios (“BBC”) dissolved their 50/50 joint venture, UKTV, a British multi-channel broadcaster, with the Company taking full control of UKTV’s three lifestyle channels (the “Lifestyle Business”) and BBC taking full control of UKTV’s seven entertainment channels (the "Entertainment Business"). Prior to the transaction, the Company held a note receivable from UKTV of $ 118 million. Concurrent with the transaction, the note was settled. 
To compensate Discovery for the note receivable and for the difference in fair value between the Lifestyle Business and the Entertainment Business retained by BBC, Discovery received cash of $ 88 million at closing and a note receivable from BBC of $ 130 million, payable in two equal installments, which were received in June 2020 and June 2021. The Company used a market-based valuation model to determine the fair value of the previously held 50 % equity method investment in the Lifestyle Business and recognized an immaterial gain, which is included in other income (expense), net in the Company's consolidated statement of operations.
