WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The ex-FX change represents the percentage change on a period-over-period basis adjusted for foreign currency impacts. The ex-FX change is calculated as the difference between the current year amounts translated at a baseline rate, which is a spot rate for each of our currencies determined early in the fiscal year as part of our forecasting process (the “2020 Baseline Rate”), and the prior year amounts translated at the same 2020 Baseline Rate. In addition, consistent with the assumption of a constant currency environment, our ex-FX results exclude the impact of our foreign currency hedging activities, as well as realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses. Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
Our advertising revenue is generated across multiple platforms and consists of consumer advertising, which is sold primarily on a national basis in the U.S. and on a pan-regional or local-language feed basis outside the U.S. Advertising contracts generally have a term of one year or less. Advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the stage of development of television markets, the popularity of FTA television, the number of subscribers to our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our content and our ability to sell commercial time over a group of channels. Revenue from advertising is subject to seasonality, market-based variations, the mix in sales of commercial time between the upfront and scatter markets, and general economic conditions. Advertising revenue is typically highest in the second and fourth quarters. In some cases, advertising sales are subject to ratings guarantees that require us to provide additional advertising time if the guaranteed audience levels are not achieved. We also generate revenue from the sale of advertising through our digital products on a stand-alone basis and as part of advertising packages with our television networks. 
Advertising revenue decreased 8% in 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, advertising revenue decreased 7%. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decline in demand stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic at both U.S. and International Networks.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The VAR model assumes normal market conditions, a 95% confidence interval and a one-day holding period. A parametric delta-gamma approximation technique was used to determine the expected return distribution in interest rates, currencies and commodity prices for the purpose of calculating the fixed income, currency exchange and commodity VAR, respectively. The parameters used for estimating the expected return distributions were determined by observing interest rate, currency exchange and commodity price movements over the prior quarter for the calculation of VAR amounts at December 31, 2018 and 2017 , and over each of the four prior quarters for the calculation of average VAR amounts during each year. The values of currency and commodity options do not change on a one-to-one basis with the underlying currency or commodity and were valued accordingly in the VAR computation. 
As of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 , the estimated potential one-day loss in fair value of our interest rate-sensitive instruments, primarily debt, and the estimated potential one-day loss in pre-tax earnings from our currency and commodity instruments, as calculated in the VAR model, were: 
This VAR computation is a risk analysis tool designed to statistically estimate the maximum expected daily loss, under the specified confidence interval and assuming normal market conditions, from adverse movements in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The computation does not represent actual losses in fair value or earnings we will incur, nor does it consider the effect of favorable changes in market rates. We cannot predict actual future movements in market rates and do not present these VAR results to be indicative of future movements in market rates or to be representative of any actual impact that future changes in market rates may have on our future financial results.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The primary customer of EHT is our NGL marketing group, which uses the terminal to meet the needs of export customers. NGL marketing transacts with these customers using long-term sales contracts with take-or-pay provisions and/or exchange agreements. In recent years, the U.S. has become the largest exporter of LPG in the world, with shipments originating from EHT playing a key role.
EHT also includes an NGL import terminal. This import terminal can offload NGLs from tanker vessels at rates up to 8,000 barrels per hour depending on the product. Our NGL import volumes for the last three years were minimal.
EHT also provides terminaling services involving crude oil, propylene and refined products. EHT’s assets and activities associated with crude oil terminaling and storage are a component of our Crude Oil Pipelines & Services business segment. EHT’s activities involving propylene and refined products are a component of our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment.
