ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2021, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include approximately $145 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation and approximately $55 million of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years.
In 2020, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include the recognition of approximately $170 million of tax benefits associated with the impairment of certain assets, approximately $140 million of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years, and approximately $100 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation. In 2020, taxes on earnings from continuing operations also include a $26 million increase to the transition tax liability associated with the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). The $26 million increase to the transition tax liability was the result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years. This adjustment increased the cumulative net tax expense related to the TCJA to $1.53 billion. As of December 31, 2021, the remaining balance of Abbott’s transition tax obligation is approximately $794 million, which will be paid over the next five years as allowed by the TCJA. Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, in 2020 reflect the recognition of $24 million of net tax benefits primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years. In 2019, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included approximately $100 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation, an $86 million reduction of the transition tax and $68 million of tax expense resulting from tax legislation enacted in the fourth quarter of 2019 in India. The $86 million reduction to the transition tax liability was the result of the issuance of final transition tax regulations by the U.S. Department of Treasury in 2019.
Exclusive of these discrete items, tax expense was favorably impacted by lower tax rates and tax exemptions on foreign income primarily derived from operations in Puerto Rico, Switzerland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Costa Rica, Singapore, and Malta. Abbott benefits from a combination of favorable statutory tax rules, tax rulings, grants, and exemptions in these tax jurisdictions. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a full reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
This business segment includes our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities, NGL pipelines, NGL fractionation facilities, NGL and related product storage facilities, and NGL marine terminals.
In its raw form, natural gas produced at the wellhead (especially in association with crude oil production) contains varying amounts of NGLs such as ethane and propane. Natural gas streams containing NGLs and other impurities are usually not acceptable for transportation in downstream natural gas transmission pipelines or for commercial use as fuel; therefore, the unprocessed natural gas stream must be transported to a natural gas processing facility to remove the NGLs and other impurities. Once the natural gas is processed and the NGLs and impurities are removed, the residue natural gas meets downstream natural gas pipeline and commercial quality specifications.
In general, on an energy-equivalent basis, NGLs have greater economic value as feedstock for petrochemical and motor gasoline production than as components of a natural gas stream. Typical uses of NGLs include the following:

SALESFORCE INC report:
We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $7.9 billion at January 31, 2020. This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectation due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as “available for sale,” no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary. 
An immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points at January 31, 2020 could result in a $38 million market value reduction or increase of the same amount. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in other comprehensive income, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities.
