BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Overview —We primarily sell our edible oil products to three customer types or market channels: food processors, food service companies and retail outlets. The principal raw materials used in our Edible Oil Products segment are various crude and further processed vegetable oils and fats. These raw materials are mostly agricultural commodities that we either produce or purchase from third parties. We believe that our global integrated business model enables us to realize synergies among our Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products and Milling Products segments through raw material procurement, logistics, risk management and the co-location of industrial facilities, enabling us to supply customers with reliable, high quality products on 
Products —Our edible oil products include packaged and bulk oils and fats, including cooking oils, shortenings, margarines, mayonnaise and other products derived from the vegetable oil refining process. We primarily use soybean, sunflower, rapeseed and canola oil that we produce in our Agribusiness segment oilseed processing operations as raw materials in this business. We also refine and fractionate palm oil, palm kernel oil, coconut oil, and shea butter, and blend and refine olive oil. Additionally, we produce specialty ingredients derived from vegetable oils, such as lecithin, which is used as an emulsifier in a broad range of food products. We are a leading seller of packaged vegetable oils worldwide, based on sales. We have edible oil refining and packaging facilities in North America, South America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Africa. Our edible oil products business is largely business to business ("B2B") focused in North America, while in South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, it comprises a mix of B2B and business to consumer ("B2C") offerings. 
In Brazil, our retail edible oil brands include Soya , the leading consumer packaged vegetable oil brand, as well as Primor and Salada . We are also a leading supplier of shortenings to the food processor market and also produce staple food products. In July 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell our Brazilian processed tomato assets to Stella D'oro Alimentos Ltda, and the sale was completed in October 2020. In December 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell our Brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets to Seara Alimentos S.A., and the sale was completed in November 2020.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION — The statements of earnings of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustment account, which is included in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
REVENUE RECOGNITION — Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms set forth in the customer contract. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for shipments in excess of a customer’s normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary. In certain of Abbott’s businesses, primarily within diagnostics, Abbott participates in selling arrangements that include multiple performance obligations (e.g., instruments, reagents, procedures, and service agreements). The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.
INCOME TAXES — Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effect of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements at the enacted statutory rate to be in effect when the taxes are paid. No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or any additional outside basis differences that exist, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Interest and penalties on income tax obligations are included in taxes on earnings.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Sales Cloud.  Sales Cloud empowers sales teams of companies of every size and industry to sell faster, smarter and in the way they want. Our customers use Sales Cloud to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast opportunities, gain insights through analytics and relationship intelligence, and deliver quotes, contracts and invoices. 
Service Cloud. Service Cloud enables companies to deliver smarter, faster and more personalized customer service and support. Our customers use Service Cloud to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, on popular devices and across multiple channels: phone, email, messaging, chat, live video, SMS, self-service web portals, social networks, online communities and directly within their own products and mobile apps. In addition, Service Cloud offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently, and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Marketing and Commerce Cloud. Marketing Cloud enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. In addition, companies can segment and target audiences to power precise digital marketing at scale. With Marketing Cloud, customer data can also be integrated with Sales Cloud and Service Cloud in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a complete view of their customers. Our Commerce Cloud empowers brands to unify the customer experience across all points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. With embedded AI that delivers a personalized shopping experience and a robust partner ecosystem, Commerce Cloud helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, revenue and loyalty from their customers.
