ALLSTATE CORP report:
Key risks are assessed and reported through comprehensive ERRM reports prepared for senior management and the RRC. The risk summary report communicates alignment of Allstate’s risk profile with risk and return principles while providing a perspective on risk position. Discussion promotes active engagement with management and the RRC. Internal controls over key risks are managed and reported to senior management and the Audit Committee of the Company through a semiannual risk control dashboard. Annually, we review risks related to the strategic plan, operating plan, and incentive compensation programs with the Allstate Board. 
Framework We apply these principles using an integrated ERRM framework that focuses on assessment, transparency and dialogue. Our framework provides a comprehensive view of risks and is used by senior management and business managers to drive risk-return based decisions. We continually validate and improve our ERRM practices by benchmarking and obtaining external perspectives. 
Management and the ERRC rely on internal and external perspectives to determine an appropriate level of target economic capital. Internal perspectives include enterprise solvency and volatility assessments, stress scenarios, model assumptions, and management judgment. External considerations include NAIC risk-based capital as well as S&P’s, Moody’s, and A.M. Best’s capital adequacy measurement. Our economic capital reflects management’s view of the aggregate level of capital necessary to satisfy stakeholder interests, manage Allstate’s risk profile and maintain financial strength. The impact of strategic initiatives on enterprise risk is evaluated through the economic capital framework.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We have entered into treasury rate locks designated as cash flow hedges to mitigate our interest rate risk on future transactions. We recognize gains and losses resulting from interest rate movements in Other comprehensive income (loss). 
We have designated certain foreign currency debt instruments as net investment hedges to mitigate foreign exchange exposure related to non-U.S. dollar net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries against changes in foreign exchange rates. The notional amount of Euro-denominated debt designated as a net investment hedge was € 750 million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (dollars in millions) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Foreign Exchange Forwards: Notional value entered into $ 10,689   $ 12,604   Notional value settled 10,701   13,077   Pre-tax loss recognized in Other income (expense), net

SALESFORCE INC report:
Today, global challenges require businesses to digitally transform while leveraging customer data to become more responsive, resilient and efficient. Companies also have to rethink and reshape everything about how and where their employees work. We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for a digital-first customer, employee, and partner experience and connect with their customers through digital channels. 
Our industry-leading AI-powered Customer 360 platform spans sales, service, marketing, commerce and more. It empowers our customers to work together, from anywhere, to deliver seamless, connected experiences for their customers. Our customers can select from our integrated Customer 360 solutions for any team, in any industry and for companies of any size, to get a single source of truth and complete view of their customers. 
Sales. Sales empowers sales teams of companies of every size and industry to manage and automate their entire sales process from leads to opportunities to billing, allowing them to sell faster, smarter and in the way they want. Our customers use our Sales offering to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast opportunities, gain insights through analytics and relationship intelligence and deliver quotes, contracts and invoices. Our Sales offering enables teams to work from anywhere in the office, on the go or at home and support the changing expectations of customers in a digital-first world.
