BOEING CO report:
Other Equity investments are recorded at fair value, with gains and losses recorded through net earnings. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are measured at cost, less impairments, plus or minus observable price changes. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are assessed for impairment quarterly. 
We classify investment income and loss on our Consolidated Statements of Operations based on whether the investment is operating or non-operating in nature. Operating investments align strategically and are integrated with our operations. Earnings from operating investments, including our share of income or loss from equity method investments, dividend income from other equity investments, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments, are recorded in (Loss)/Income from operating investments, net. Non-operating investments are those we hold for non-strategic purposes. Earnings from non-operating investments, including interest and dividends on marketable securities, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments are recorded in Other income, net. 
All derivative instruments are recognized in the financial statements and measured at fair value regardless of the purpose or intent of holding them. We use derivative instruments to principally manage a variety of market risks. For our cash flow hedges, the derivative’s gain or loss is initially reported in comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period(s) during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company invested $ 23 million in a noncontrolling equity investment in MapAnything prior to the acquisition. The Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 9 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in MapAnything held before the business combination. The gain is included in gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
In August 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama"), which provides a platform for enterprises, agencies and publishers to integrate data across marketing channels and data sources. The Company has included the financial results of Datorama, which are not material, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Datorama was approximately $ 766 million, which consisted of the following (in millions): 
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.4133 was applied to convert Datorama's outstanding equity awards for Datorama's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company's common stock.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
All states require domiciled insurance companies to prepare statutory-basis financial statements in conformity with the NAIC Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual, subject to any deviations prescribed or permitted by the applicable insurance commissioner or director. Statutory accounting practices differ from GAAP primarily since they require charging policy acquisition costs to expense as incurred, establishing life insurance reserves based on different actuarial assumptions, and valuing certain investments and establishing deferred taxes on a different basis. 
Net income (loss) Capital and surplus ($ in millions) 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 Amounts by major business type: Property and casualty insurance $ 5,975   $ 6,232   $ 3,989   $ 21,186   $ 17,128   Accident and health insurance 96   95   92   322   231   Life and annuity business sold 1,642   ( 81 ) 330   —   4,024   Amount per statutory accounting practices $ 7,713   $ 6,246   $ 4,411   $ 21,508   $ 21,383    
There are no regulatory restrictions that limit the payment of dividends by the Corporation, except those generally applicable to corporations incorporated in Delaware. Dividends are payable only out of certain components of shareholders’ equity as permitted by Delaware law. However, the ability of the Corporation to pay dividends is dependent on business conditions, income, cash requirements of the Company, receipt of dividends from AIC and other relevant factors.
