ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The descriptions below include summaries of significant assets within the Partnership’s reportable segments. Amounts, such as capacities, volumes and miles included in the descriptions below are approximate and are based on information currently available; such amounts are subject to change based on future events or additional information. 
100 % 750 2.0 — HPL System 100 % 3,920 5.3 52.5 ETC Katy Pipeline 100 % 460 2.9 — Regency Intrastate Gas 100 % 450 2.1 — Enable Oklahoma Intrastate Transmission 100 % 2,200 2.4 24.0 Comanche Trail Pipeline 16 % 195 1.1 — Trans-Pecos Pipeline 16 % 140 1.4 — Old Ocean Pipeline, LLC 50 % 240 0.2 — Red Bluff Express Pipeline 70 % 120 1.4 — 
• The ET Fuel System serves some of the most prolific production areas in the United States and is comprised of intrastate natural gas pipeline and related natural gas storage facilities. The ET Fuel System has many interconnections with pipelines providing direct access to power plants, other intrastate and interstate pipelines, and has bi-directional capabilities. It is strategically located near high-growth production areas and provides access to the three major natural gas trading centers in Texas, the Waha Hub near Pecos, Texas, the Maypearl Hub in Central Texas and the Carthage Hub in East Texas.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS — Cash equivalents consist of bank time deposits, U.S. government securities money market funds and U.S. treasury bills with original maturities of three months or less. Abbott holds certain investments with a carrying value of approximately $325 million that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Investments held in a rabbi trust and investments in publicly traded equity securities are recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. Investments in equity securities that are not traded on public stock exchanges are recorded at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Investments in debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity, as management has both the intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity, and are reported at cost, net of any unamortized premium or discount. Income relating to these securities is reported as interest income. 
TRADE RECEIVABLE VALUATIONS — Accounts receivable are stated at their net realizable value. The allowance against gross trade receivables reflects the best estimate of probable losses inherent in the receivables portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, specific allowances for known troubled accounts and other currently available information. Accounts receivable are charged off after all reasonable means to collect the full amount (including litigation, where appropriate) have been exhausted. 
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT — Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The following table shows estimated useful lives of property and equipment:

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Customer 360 Platform. Acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. This process resulted in our acquisition of several companies in recent years, notably our acquisition of Slack in fiscal 2022. 
We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted geographies, businesses and technological initiatives. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. 
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.
