ALLSTATE CORP report:
How reserve estimates are established and updated We conduct an annual review in the third quarter to evaluate, establish and adjust as necessary, asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims reserves. Changes to reserves are recorded in the reporting period in which they are determined. Using established industry and actuarial best practices and assuming no change in the regulatory or economic environment, this detailed and comprehensive methodology determines asbestos reserves based on 
assessments of the characteristics of exposure (i.e. claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by individual policyholders, and determines environmental reserves based on assessments of the characteristics of exposure (i.e. environmental damages, respective shares of liability of potentially responsible parties, appropriateness and cost of remediation) to pollution and related clean-up costs. The number and cost of these claims are affected by advertising by trial lawyers seeking asbestos plaintiffs, and entities with asbestos exposure seeking bankruptcy protection as a result of asbestos liabilities, initially causing a delay in the reporting of claims, often followed by an acceleration and an increase in claims and claims expenses as settlements occur. 
After evaluating our insureds’ probable liabilities for asbestos and environmental claims, we evaluate our insureds’ coverage programs for such claims. We consider our insureds’ total available insurance coverage, including the coverage we issued. We also consider relevant judicial interpretations of policy language and applicable coverage defenses or determinations, if any.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is a defendant in an action under the California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA) alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 for failing to provide seating to member service assistants who act as greeters in the Company’s California warehouses. Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.  ( Case No. 5:13-CV-03598; N.D. Cal.; filed July 1, 2013). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. The action has been remanded to state court. 
In January 2019, an employee brought similar claims for relief concerning Costco employees engaged at member services counters in California.   Rodriguez v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. RG19001310; Alameda Superior Court). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In December 2018, a depot employee raised similar claims, alleging that depot employees in California did not receive suitable seating or appropriate workplace temperature conditions. Lane v. Costco Wholesale Corp.   (Dec. 6, 2018 Notice to California Labor and Workforce Development Agency). The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. In October 2019, the parties reached an agreement to settle the seating claims on a representative basis, which received court approval in February 2020. 
In January 2019, a former seasonal employee filed a class action, alleging failure to provide California seasonal employees meal and rest breaks, proper wage statements, and appropriate wages. Jadan v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-CV-340438; Santa Clara Superior Court). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys’ fees. In October 2019, the parties reached an agreement on a class settlement, which received preliminary court approval in July 2020.

BOEING CO report:
The changes in unrealized gains/(losses) for Level 3 mortgage backed and asset backed fixed income securities still held at December 31, 2019 and 2018 were a gain of $ 10 and a loss of $ 4 . The changes in unrealized losses for Level 3 non-U.S. common and preferred stock equity securities still held at December 31, 2019 and 2018 were $ 1 and $ 0 . 
OPB Plan Assets The majority of OPB plan assets are invested in a balanced index fund which is comprised of approximately 60 % equities and 40 % debt securities. The index fund is valued using a market approach based on the quoted market price of an identical instrument (Level 1). The expected rate of return on these assets does not have a material effect on the net periodic benefit cost. 
Contributions Required pension contributions under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ( ERISA ), as well as rules governing funding of our non-US pension plans, are not expected to be significant in 2020 . We do not expect to make discretionary contributions to our pension plans in 2020 .
