ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $123 million in transportation fees due to a $67 million increase in revenues from Winter Storm Uri, a $53 million increase from demand volume ramp-ups from the Permian, and a $16 million in incremental revenue from the Enable assets acquired in December 2021, partially offset by the expiration of certain contracts on Regency Intrastate Gas System; partially offset by 
• an increase of $91 million in operating expenses primarily due to increases of $56 million in cost of fuel consumption, mostly during Winter Storm Uri, $15 million in maintenance project costs, $8 million in employee relate costs, $5 million in ad valorem taxes, $4 million in outside services and material costs, and $3 million in incremental expenses from operation of the Enable assets acquired in December 2021. 
1,830 1,861 (31) Operating expenses, excluding non-cash compensation, amortization, accretion and other non-cash expenses (580) (567) (13) Selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding non-cash compensation, amortization and accretion expenses

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
(a) Reclassified amounts for foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings as Net Foreign exchange (gain) loss; gains (losses) on marketable equity securities are recorded as Other (income) expense and gains/losses related to cash flow hedges are recorded as Cost of products sold. Net actuarial losses and prior service cost is included as a component of net periodic benefit cost — see Note 14 for additional information. 
On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in Abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of Abbott common stock, based on Abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, approximately $5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical's debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by Abbott. The acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market. 
Under the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an Abbott stock price of $39.36, which reflects the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total purchase consideration of $23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.

SALESFORCE INC report:
(1) The Company's statutory rates were 21.0 percent  and 33.8 percent  for fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, respectively, which reflected the corporate tax rate reduction effective January 1, 2018 due to the Tax Act. 
In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act") was enacted into law, significantly changing income tax law that affects U.S. corporations. In fiscal 2018, due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity involved in applying the Tax Act, the Company recorded a provisional tax expense of $126 million  associated with the re-measurement of deferred taxes for the corporate rate reduction, which was offset by a reduction in valuation allowance of $136 million . Also, based on the Company's provisional assessment, the transition tax had no impact to its income tax provision. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company completed its analysis, based on the guidance, interpretations and data available, and recorded additional expense of $43 million . The adjustment was primarily due to the reversal of a foreign tax credit benefit associated with a one-time distribution. 
On January 22, 2018, the FASB released guidance on the accounting for tax on the global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”) provisions of the Tax Act. The GILTI provisions impose a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign corporations. The Company has elected to recognize any potential GILTI obligation as an expense in the period it is incurred.
