COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We are exposed to fluctuations in prices for energy, particularly electricity and natural gas, and other commodities used in retail and manufacturing operations, which we seek to partially mitigate through fixed-price contracts for certain of our warehouses and other facilities, predominantly in the U.S. and Canada. We also enter into variable-priced contracts for some purchases of electricity and natural gas, in addition to some of the fuel for our gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet the characteristics of derivative instruments, but generally qualify for the “normal purchases and normal sales” exception under authoritative guidance and require no mark-to-market adjustment. 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Costco Wholesale Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of August 30, 2020 and September 1, 2019, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for the 52-week periods ended August 30, 2020, September 1, 2019 and September 2, 2018, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 30, 2020 and September 1, 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the 52-week periods ended August 30, 2020, September 1, 2019 and September 2, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of August 30, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated October 6, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Orla facility will be completed in three stages. The first processing train (“Orla I”), which commenced operations in May 2018, has a natural gas processing capacity of 300 MMcf/d and the capability to extract more than 40 MBPD of mixed NGLs. In conjunction with the start-up of Orla I, we placed into service approximately 70 miles of residue natural gas pipelines that connect Orla to our Texas Intrastate System. We also placed into service a 30-mile extension of our NGL system that provides customers at Orla with NGL takeaway capacity and direct access to our integrated network of downstream NGL assets. A second processing train (“Orla II”), which commenced operations in October 2018, added 300 MMcf/d of incremental processing capacity to the Orla facility and increased the overall extraction rate for mixed NGLs up to 80 MBPD. A third processing train (Orla III) is scheduled to be completed in the second quarter of 2019. Once Orla III is completed, the Orla facility will have 900 MMcf/d of total processing capacity and allow us to extract up to 120 MBPD of mixed NGLs. 
Mentone natural gas processing facility. In October 2018, we announced that construction of our Mentone cryogenic natural gas processing plant had commenced. The Mentone plant, which is located in Loving County, Texas, is expected to have the capacity to process 300 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract more than 40 MBPD of NGLs. The project is scheduled to be completed in the first quarter of 2020 and is supported by a long-term acreage dedication agreement. 
The Mentone plant further extends our presence in the growing Delaware Basin and provides access to our fully integrated midstream asset network. To support the development of Mentone, we are constructing approximately 70 miles of gathering and residue pipelines and expanding compression capabilities. These projects will allow the Mentone plant to link to our NGL system, including the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline which entered limited commercial service in February 2019, as well as our Texas Intrastate System. We will own and operate the Mentone facility and related infrastructure.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Costs of produced and coproduced content consist of development costs, acquired production costs, direct production costs, certain production overhead costs and participation costs. Costs incurred for produced and coproduced content are capitalized if the Company has previously generated revenues from similar content in established markets and the content will be used and revenues will be generated for a period of at least one  year. The Company’s coproduction arrangements generally provide for the sharing of production costs. The Company records its costs but does not record the costs borne by the other party as the Company does not share any associated economics of exploitation. Program licenses typically have fixed terms and require payments during the term of the license. The cost of licensed content is capitalized when the license period for the programs has commenced and the programs are available for air or the Company has paid for the programs. The Company pays in advance of delivery for television series, specials, films and sports rights. Payments made in advance of when the right to air the content is received are recognized as in-production produced, coproduced content or prepaid licensed content. Content distribution, advertising, marketing, general and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. 
Content amortization expense for each period is recognized based on the revenue forecast model, which approximates the proportion that estimated distribution and advertising revenues for the current period represent in relation to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues. Significant judgment is required to determine the useful lives of the Company’s content rights and the ultimate revenues to be derived from the exploitation of the individual content rights, which involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and frequency of forecasted future airings, the associated revenues to be derived from these airings, and revenues generated from service offerings other than traditional linear distribution. The Company annually, or on an as needed basis, prepares analyses to support its content amortization expense by network and by region. Critical assumptions used in determining content amortization include: (i) the grouping of content by network and or genre, (ii) the application of a quantitative revenue forecast model based on the adequacy of a network's historical data, (iii) determining the appropriate historical periods to utilize and the relative weighting of those historical periods in the revenue forecast model, (iv) assessing the accuracy of the Company's revenue forecasts and (v) incorporating secondary streams. The Company then considers the appropriate application of the quantitative assessment given forecasted content use, expected content investment and market trends. Content use and future revenues may differ from estimates based on changes in expectations related to market acceptance, network affiliate fee rates, advertising demand, the number of cable and satellite television subscribers receiving the Company’s networks, and program usage. Accordingly, the Company continually reviews revenue estimates and planned usage and revises its assumptions if necessary. As part of the Company's annual assessment in determining the film forecast model, the Company compares the calculated amortization rates to those that have been utilized during the year. If the calculated rates do not deviate materially from the applied amortization rates, no adjustment is recorded for the current year amortization expense. The Company allocates the cost of multi-year sports programming arrangements over the contract period to each event or season based on the estimated relative value of each event or season. 
The result of the revenue forecast model is either an accelerated method or a straight-line amortization method over the estimated useful lives of primarily three  to four  years for produced, coproduced and licensed content. Amortization of capitalized costs for produced and coproduced content begins when a program has been aired. Amortization of capitalized costs for licensed content commences when the license period begins and the program is available for use. Amortization of sports rights takes place when the content airs.
