SALESFORCE INC report:
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date within the consolidated statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within net gains (or losses) on strategic investments in the consolidated statement of operations. 
Effective at the start of fiscal 2020, the Company adopted the provisions and expanded disclosure requirements described in Topic 842. The Company adopted the standard using the modified retrospective method. Accordingly, the results for the prior comparable periods were not adjusted to conform to the current period measurement or recognition of results. 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and other noncurrent liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We follow accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses, which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels, defined as portfolio segments and classes. Under this guidance, secured advances to suppliers are considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we determine it probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. Recognition of interest income is suspended once the borrower defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. No additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery, at which time amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income. 
When we acquire a business, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. Determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market participants, projected growth rates, the amounts and timing of future cash flows, and the discount rates applied to the cash flows. Determining the useful life of an asset also requires significant judgment. 
Our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. Instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. We generally perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. If events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses, we perform an impairment analysis at that date. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant asset. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) determine our reporting units; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value, or book value, of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge for such amount, but not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We are aggressively refarming 3G bands on 800 MHz and PCS bands for 4G LTE use. We anticipate that we will need additional spectrum to meet future demand. This increasing demand is driven by growth in customer connections and the increased usage of wireless broadband services that use more bandwidth and require faster rates of speed, as well as the wider deployment of 5G mobile and fixed services. We can meet our future 4G and 5G spectrum needs by acquiring licenses or leasing spectrum from other licensees, or by acquiring new spectrum licenses from the FCC, if and when future FCC spectrum auctions occur. On November 14, 2018, the FCC started two sequential millimeter wave auctions. Verizon is an applicant in the FCC's Auction 101 and Auction 102 relating to millimeter wave spectrum. On January 24, 2019, the FCC announced that Auction 101 had concluded with a total of approximately $702.6 million in bids received for the licenses that were won. The FCC has stated that it will not, and it will not permit any applicant to, disclose the winning bidders of any of the licenses in Auction 101 until Auction 102 concludes. In addition, the FCC has indicated that a third millimeter wave auction will begin in the second half of 2019, and the auction for Priority Access Licenses in the Citizens’ Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) 3.5 GHz band may also begin in 2019. In addition to spectrum, we believe that future demand will also be met as we increase the density of our networks and deploy advanced technologies. 
From time to time we have exchanged spectrum licenses with other wireless service providers through secondary market swap transactions. We expect to continue to pursue similar opportunities to trade spectrum licenses in order to meet capacity and expansion needs in the future. In certain cases, we have entered into intra market spectrum swaps designed to increase the amount of contiguous spectrum within frequency bands in a specific market. Contiguous spectrum improves network performance and efficiency. These swaps, as well as any spectrum purchases, require us to obtain governmental approvals. 
Additional information regarding spectrum license transactions is included in the 2018 Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report.
