SALESFORCE INC report:
The unearned revenue balance on our consolidated  balance sheets does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations ("Remaining Performance Obligation") represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms and foreign currency exchange rates. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance obligation is typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increases if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining performance obligations attributable to a particular subscription agreement are often associated with an impending renewal and may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. 
Cost of subscription and support revenues primarily consists of expenses related to delivering our service and providing support, the costs of data center capacity, depreciation or operating lease expense associated with computer equipment and software, allocated overhead, amortization expense associated with capitalized software related to our services and acquired developed technologies and certain fees paid to various third parties for the use of their technology, services and data. We allocate overhead such as IT infrastructure, rent, and occupancy charges based on headcount. Employee benefit costs and taxes are allocated based upon a percentage of total compensation expense. As such, general overhead expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category. Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, including stock-based expenses, the cost of subcontractors, certain third-party fees and allocated overhead. The cost of providing professional services is higher as a percentage of the related revenue than for our enterprise cloud computing subscription service due to the direct labor costs and costs of subcontractors. 
We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services. For example, we have invested in additional database software and hardware and we plan to increase the capacity that we are able to offer globally through data centers and third-party infrastructure providers. In addition, we intend to continue to invest additional resources in enhancing our cyber security measures. As we acquire new businesses and technologies, the amortization expense associated with the purchase of acquired developed technology will be included in cost of revenues. Additionally, as we enter into new contracts with third parties for the use of their technology, services or data, or as our sales volume grows, the fees paid to use such technology or services may increase. Finally, we expect the cost of professional services to be approximately in line with revenues from professional services as we believe this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. The timing of these additional expenses will affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in the affected periods.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc., Meta Platforms, Inc. and others are offering alternative means for messaging and making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless provider’s voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content. In addition, we expect to see increasing competition in the provisioning of internet access by low Earth orbit satellite companies. 
With respect to our wireline connectivity services, we compete against cable companies, wireless service providers, domestic and foreign telecommunications providers, satellite television companies, internet service providers, over-the-top (OTT) providers and other companies that offer network services and managed enterprise solutions. Cable operators have increased the size and capacity of their networks in order to deliver digital products and services. Several major cable operators offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. Traditional wireless carriers are also bundling broadband internet offerings with wireless services while increasing their broadband internet footprint. Customers have an increasing number of choices for obtaining video content from various online services. We expect the market will continue to shift from traditional linear video to OTT offerings. We expect customer migration from traditional voice services to wireless services to continue as a growing number of customers place greater value on mobility and wireless companies position their services as a landline alternative. We also face increasing competition from cable operators and other providers of VoIP services as well as internet portal providers. 
• Network reliability, speed and coverage. We consider networks that consistently provide high-quality, fast and reliable service to be a key differentiator in the market and driver of customer satisfaction. Lower prices, improved service quality and new service offerings, which in many cases include video content, have led to increased customer usage of connectivity services. We and other network-based providers must ensure that our networks can meet these increasing capacity usage requirements and offer highly reliable national coverage.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Investment Regulation. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to state regulation that specifies the types of investments that can be made and concentration limits of invested assets. Failure to comply with these rules leads to the treatment of non-conforming investments as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring statutory surplus. Further, in some instances, these rules require divestiture of non-conforming investments. 
Exiting Geographic Markets; Canceling and Non-Renewing Policies. Most states regulate an insurer’s ability to exit a market. For example, states may limit, to varying degrees, an insurer’s ability to cancel and non-renew policies. Some states restrict or prohibit an insurer from withdrawing one or more types of insurance business from the state, except pursuant to a plan that is approved by the state insurance department. Regulations that limit cancellation and non-renewal and that subject withdrawal plans to prior approval requirements may restrict an insurer’s ability to exit unprofitable markets. 
Variable Life Insurance and Registered Fixed Annuities. The sale and administration of variable life insurance and registered fixed annuities with market value adjustment features are subject to extensive
