ALLSTATE CORP report:
As a result of the auto insurance reforms passed in June 2019, the MCCA announced on November 3, 2021 that the surplus reported for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 had increased beyond a level necessary to safely cover its expected losses and expenses and will return a portion of its surplus to its member insurance companies as a pass-through to issue a refund of $ 400 per vehicle and $ 80 per historical vehicle to the policyholders. At the time the returned surplus was received, a liability was recorded until the refunds were 
New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association PLIGA serves as the statutory administrator of the Unsatisfied Claim and Judgment Fund (“UCJF”), Workers’ Compensation Security Fund and the New Jersey Surplus Lines Insurance Guaranty Fund. 
In addition to its insolvency protection responsibilities, PLIGA reimburses insurers for unlimited excess medical benefits (“EMBs”) paid in connection with PIP claims in excess of $ 75,000 for policies issued or renewed prior to January 1, 1991, and limited EMB claims in excess of $ 75,000 and capped at $ 250,000 for policies issued or renewed on or after January 1, 1991, to December 31, 2003.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers. The Salesforce Customer Data Platform connects customer data so any team can access insights into how a customer interacts across various platforms. 
Commerce. Our Commerce offering empowers brands to unify the customer experience across many points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. Through personalized shopping experiences and a robust partner ecosystem, our Commerce offering helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, loyalty and revenue from their customers. Our Commerce offering also delivers click-to-code tools that provide customers with the ability to choose how they build and deploy our solutions quickly around their customers as markets, industries and customers change. 
Analytics . Our Analytics offering, including Tableau, provides customers an advanced, end-to-end analytics solution serving a broad range of enterprise use cases. Analytics offers customers intelligent analytics capabilities to better understand their business data. By providing self-service data preparation and analytical technology to customers, Analytics is designed to improve our customers' decision-making and allow customers to take action from any device.

BOEING CO report:
Impairment review for assets under operating leases and held for sale or re-lease We evaluate for impairment assets under operating lease or assets held for sale or re-lease when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the expected undiscounted cash flow from the asset may be less than the carrying value. We use various assumptions when determining the expected undiscounted cash flow, including our intentions for how long we will hold an asset subject to operating lease before it is sold, the expected future lease rates, lease terms, residual value of the asset, periods in which the asset may be held in preparation for a follow-on lease, maintenance costs, remarketing costs and the remaining economic life of the asset. We record assets held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. 
Allowance for losses on customer financing receivables We record the potential impairment of customer financing receivables in a valuation account, the balance of which is an accounting estimate of probable but unconfirmed losses. The allowance for losses on receivables relates to two components of receivables: (a) receivables that are evaluated individually for impairment and (b) all other receivables. 
We determine a receivable is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect amounts due according to the original contractual terms of the receivable agreement, without regard to any subsequent restructurings. Factors considered in assessing collectability include, but are not limited to, a customer’s extended delinquency, requests for restructuring and filings for bankruptcy. We determine a specific impairment allowance based on the difference between the carrying value of the receivable and the estimated fair value of the related collateral we would expect to realize.
