SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple cloud services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, including the determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting and the determination of standalone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation, particularly for products and services that are not sold separately. 
Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management’s judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to identify performance obligations and allocate the transaction price to those performance obligations, including controls over determining standalone selling price. To test revenue recognized, we obtained an understanding of the Company’s various product and service offerings and evaluated management’s application of the revenue recognition accounting requirements to determine which product and service offerings were distinct. We read executed contracts for a sample of sales transactions to assess management’s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance obligations, and tested the amounts recognized as revenue or recorded in unearned revenue. To test management’s determination of relative standalone selling price for performance obligations, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the appropriateness of the methodology applied, testing mathematical accuracy of the underlying data and calculations, and testing selections to corroborate the data underlying the Company’s calculations. We also assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures in the financial statements.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
• If any of the multiemployer pension plans in which we participate enter critical status, and our contributions are not sufficient to satisfy any rehabilitation plan funding schedule, we could be required under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 to make additional surcharge contributions to the multiemployer pension plan in the amount of five to ten percent of the existing contributions required by our labor agreement. Such surcharges would cease upon the ratification of a new collective bargaining agreement and could not recur unless a plan re-entered critical status at a later date. 
The discussion that follows sets forth the financial impact on our results of operations and cash flows for December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, from our participation in multiemployer benefit plans. As part of the overall collective bargaining process for wage and benefit levels, we have agreed to contribute certain amounts to the multiemployer benefit plans during the contract period. The multiemployer benefit plans set benefit levels and are responsible for benefit delivery to participants. Future contributions to multiemployer benefit plans are determined only through collective bargaining, and we have no additional legal or constructive obligation to increase contributions beyond the agreed-upon amounts (except potential surcharges under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 described above). 
The number of employees covered by our multiemployer pension plans has increased with the growth in our business. There have been no other significant changes that affect the comparability of 2021, 2020 and 2019 contributions. We recognize expense for the contractually-required contribution for each period, and we recognize a liability for any contributions due and unpaid at the end of a reporting period.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s identification and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as its process for the assessment of events that may indicate a change in unrecognized tax benefits is warranted. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the completeness of identified unrecognized tax benefits, as well as controls over management’s review of significant assumptions used within the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits. 
With the support of our tax professionals, among other audit procedures performed, we evaluated the reasonableness of management’s judgement with respect to the interpretation of tax laws of multiple jurisdictions by reading and evaluating management’s documentation, including relevant accounting policies, and by considering how tax law, including statutes, regulations and case law, affected management’s judgments. We tested the completeness of management’s assessment of the identification of unrecognized tax benefits and possible outcomes related to it including evaluation of technical merits of the unrecognized tax benefits. We also tested, with the support of our valuation specialists, appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions associated with the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, including assessing the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority. 
We have audited Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria.
