ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
FCF fluctuates year-to-year based on a number of factors including earnings, the level of investing activities, the timing of operating cash receipts and payments, and contributions from noncontrolling interests. The following table summarizes our calculation of FCF for the years indicated (dollars in millions):
The elements used in calculating FCF are sourced directly from our Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows presented under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. For a discussion of significant year-to-year changes in our cash flow statement amounts, see “ Cash Flow Statement Highlights ” within this Part II, Item 7.
Growth and sustaining capital amounts presented in the table above are presented on a cash basis. In total, these amounts represent “Capital expenditures” as presented on our Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For theatrical films, which are monetized on an individual basis, the process of estimating ultimate revenues requires us to make a series of judgments related to future revenue-generating activities associated with a particular film. Prior to the theatrical release of a film, our estimates are based on factors such as the historical performance of similar films, the star power of the lead actors, the rating and genre of the film, pre-release market research (including test market screenings), international distribution plans and the expected number of theaters in which the film will be released. Subsequent to release, ultimate revenues are updated to reflect initial performance, which is often predictive of future performance. 
For television programs that are monetized on an individual basis, ultimate revenues are estimated based on factors including the performance of similar programs in each applicable market, firm commitments in hand from customers that license the program in the future, and the popularity of the program in its initial markets. 
For a film or television program that is predominantly monetized on its own but also monetized with other films and/or programs (such as our DTC or linear services), we make a reasonable estimate of the value attributable to the film or program’s exploitation while monetized with other films/programs, based on relative market rates, and expense such costs as the film or television program is exhibited.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
an increase of $67 million in operating expenses primarily due to increases of $20 million in outside services, $19 million in materials, $8 million in maintenance project costs, $7 million in ad valorem taxes, $6 million in employee costs and $6 million in office expenses; and 
Volumes. For the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the prior year, NGL transportation volumes increased primarily due to increased volumes from the Permian region resulting from a ramp up in production from existing customers, higher throughput volumes on Mariner West driven by end-user facility constraints in the prior year and higher throughput from Mariner South resulting from increased export volumes. 
Refined products transportation volumes decreased for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to prior year, primarily due to timing of turnarounds at third-party refineries in the Midwest and Northeast regions.
