SALESFORCE INC report:
Stock-based expenses related to the Company’s Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP” or “2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan”) are measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to shares issued pursuant to the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is 12 months. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a 15 percent discount from the lower of the Company’s stock price on (i) the first day of the offering period or on (ii) the last day of the purchase period and also allows employees to reduce their percentage election once during a six-month purchase period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but not increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The ESPP also includes a reset provision for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date. 
Stock-based expenses related to performance share grants, which are awarded to executive officers and other members of senior management and vest, if at all, based on the Company’s performance over a three-year period relative to the Nasdaq 100. Performance share grants are measured based on grant date at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and expensed on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of three years . 
The Company, at times, grants unvested restricted shares to employee stockholders of certain acquired companies in lieu of cash consideration. These awards are generally subject to continued post-acquisition employment. Therefore, the Company accounts for them as post-acquisition stock-based expense. The Company recognizes stock-based expense equal to the grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards, based on the closing stock price on grant date, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally four years .

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• Accountability —We aim to be an accountable leader within our industry, helping to raise the bar on our sector’s performance by regularly tracking and disclosing progress on our commitments and sustainability performance. Our accountability pillar includes Bunge’s review and oversight of human capital management, diversity, equity and inclusion, corporate contributions, volunteerism, and others. 
In 2021, Bunge began implementing enhancements to its enterprise risk management ("ERM") framework by incorporating more detailed sustainability risks and opportunities into the ERM process. These include risks emanating from changing climate and weather patterns, water scarcity, deforestation, human rights, farmer productivity, and increasing taxation and regulation on GHG emissions. This process was further enhanced in 2022 by adding risk factors into the ERM framework. The ERM process provides Bunge with greater oversight and management of climate-related risks and the potential financial implications, and will help ensure continued short-, medium- and long-term resilience. 
Climate risks are overseen at the Board of Directors level by the ERMC, which has responsibility for supervising the quality and integrity of our risk management practices. Enterprise risk management is overseen at the executive level by the Chief Risk Officer, who reports to our CEO, with input from relevant teams and functions.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Contracts for wireless services, with or without promotional credits that require maintenance of service, are generally either month-to-month and cancellable at any time, or considered to contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to thirty-six months (typically under a device payment plan), or contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to twenty-four months (typically under a fixed-term plan). Additionally, customers may incur charges based on usage or additional optional services purchased in conjunction with entering into a contract that can be cancelled at any time and therefore are not included in the transaction price. The transaction price allocated to service performance obligations, which are not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period, are generally related to contracts that are not accounted for as month-to-month contracts. 
Our Consumer group customers also include traditional wholesale resellers that purchase and resell wireless service under their own brands to their respective customers. Reseller arrangements generally include a stated contract term, which typically 
Consumer customer contracts for wireline services are generally month-to-month; however, they may have a service term of two years or shorter than twelve months . Certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services extend into future periods, contain fixed monthly fees and usage-based fees, and can include annual commitments in each year of the contract or commitments over the entire specified contract term; however, a significant number of contracts for wireline services with our Business customers have a contract term that is twelve months or less.
