ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Volumes.   For the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the prior year, transported volumes increased 283  BBtu/d due to the partial in service of the Rover pipeline, 148  BBtu/d on the Tiger pipeline due to an increase in production in the Haynesville Shale and deliveries into third party storage and the intrastate markets, and 128  BBtu/d and 78  BBtu/d on the Trunkline and Panhandle pipelines, respectively, due to higher demand resulting from colder weather. 
Segment Adjusted EBITDA.   For the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our interstate transportation and storage segment decreased  due to the net impacts of the following: 
a net decrease of $35 million  in revenues primarily due to a decrease in reservation revenues of $45 million  on the Panhandle, Trunkline and Transwestern pipelines, a decrease of $17 million  in gas parking service related revenues on the Panhandle and Trunkline pipelines primarily due to lack of customer demand resulting from weak spreads, a decrease of $19 million  in revenues on the Tiger pipeline due to contract restructuring, and a decrease of $5 million  on the Sea Robin pipeline due to producer maintenance and production declines. These decreases were partially offset by $55 million  of incremental revenues from the placement in partial service of the Rover pipeline effective August 31, 2017; partially offset by

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Costco, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and subsidiaries in which it has a controlling interest. The Company reports noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities as a component of equity separate from the Company’s equity. All material inter-company transactions between and among the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company’s net income excludes income attributable to the noncontrolling interest in Taiwan. During the first quarter of 2018, the Company purchased its former joint-venture partner's remaining equity interest in its Korean operations. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco. 
The Company operates on a 52/53 week fiscal year basis with the year ending on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2019  and 2018  relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended September 1, 2019 , and September 2, 2018 , respectively. References to 2017  relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2017 . 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions.

SALESFORCE INC report:
At January 31, 2019, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $4.3 billion. The fixed-income portfolio was also subject to interest rate risk. Changes in interest rates of 100-basis points would have resulted in market value changes of $21 million. 
The borrowings under our revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.375% or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 0.75% to 1.375%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit rating. Our Revolving Credit Facility allows for the LIBOR rate to be phased-out and replaced with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and therefore we do not anticipate a material impact by the expected upcoming LIBOR transition. Regardless of what amounts, if any, are outstanding under the Credit Facility, we are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment fee on undrawn amounts at a rate of 0.05% to 0.175%, with such rate being based on our credit rating, payable in arrears quarterly. As of January 31, 2020, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Credit Facility. 
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our on-going assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features.
