ALLSTATE CORP report:
Create a leading position in the identity protection market, offering full identity protection monitoring with proactive alerts, digital exposure reporting and identity theft reimbursement as well as expanding into other distribution channels. 
Provides consumer protection plans and related technical support for mobile phones, consumer electronics and appliances which provide customers protection from mechanical or electrical failure, and in certain cases, accidental damage from handling. 
Offers towing, jump-start, lockout, fuel delivery and tire change services to retail customers and customers of our wholesale partners. Good Hands Rescue ® is a pay-per-use mobile application service that connects users to a select countrywide network of third-party providers and a proprietary crowdsourced network to assist with emergencies.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
As the digital platform reshapes the delivery of media and entertainment content, there is an increasing need for stable, high-quality video delivery platforms. Our Media Platform offers a scalable platform for delivering content, including live broadcasts, video on demand, games, software and websites to our customers on their devices at any time. This platform is targeted at media and entertainment companies and other businesses that deliver their digital products and services through the Internet. 
We are evolving the architecture of our networks to a next-generation multi-use platform, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support both our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We call this the Intelligent Edge Network. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, improve our fourth-generation ( 4G ) Long-Term Evolution ( LTE ) wireless coverage, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market. 
Over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. We believe 5G technology will be able to provide users with eight capabilities, or currencies. The eight currencies are peak data rates, mobile data volumes, mobility, number of connected devices, energy efficiency of connected devices, service deployment, reduced latency and improved reliability. We expect that 5G technology will provide higher throughput and lower latency than the current 4G LTE technology and enable our networks to handle more traffic as the number of Internet-connected devices grows. During 2018, we commercially launched 5G Home on proprietary standards in four U.S. markets and on global standards in a fifth U.S. market in 2019. We also launched our 5G Ultra Wideband Network in 31 U.S. markets in 2019, as well as several 5G-compatible smartphones.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company considers all of its marketable debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classifies these securities within current assets on the consolidated  balance sheets. Securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value, with the change in unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component on the consolidated  statements of comprehensive income until realized. Fair value is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Declines in fair value judged to be other-than-temporary on securities available for sale are included as a reduction to investment income. To determine whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary, the Company evaluates, among other factors: the duration and extent to which the fair value has been less than the carrying value and its intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. For the purposes of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses, the cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. Interest on securities classified as available for sale is included as a component of investment income. 
The Company holds strategic investments in publicly held equity securities and privately held debt and equity securities in which the Company does not have a controlling interest or significant influence. Publicly held equity securities are measured using quoted prices in their respective active markets with changes recorded through gains (losses) on strategic investments, net 
on the consolidated  statement of operations. Privately held equity securities without a readily determinable fair value are recorded at cost and adjusted for impairments and observable price changes with a same or similar security from the same issuer and are recorded through gains (losses) on strategic investments, net on the consolidated  statement of operations. Privately held debt securities are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through accumulated other comprehensive income on the consolidated  balance sheet. If, based on the terms of these publicly traded and privately held securities, the Company determines that the Company exercises significant influence on the entity to which these securities relate, the Company will apply the equity method of accounting for such investments.
