US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
$ ( 2 ) $ 13   $ 8   Change in fair value of interest rate swaps ( 11 ) ( 14 ) 10   Amounts reclassified to interest expense 6   ( 6 ) ( 3 ) Total before income tax ( 5 ) ( 20 ) 7   Income tax (benefit) provision ( 2 ) ( 5 ) 2   Current year comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ( 3 ) ( 15 ) 5   Balance as of end of year (1) 
The Company’s effective income tax rates for the fiscal years ended January 2, 2021, December 28, 2019 and December 29, 2018 were 23.0 %, 25.0 % and 18.0 %, respectively. The determination of the Company’s overall effective income tax rate requires the use of estimates. The effective income tax rate reflects the income earned and taxed in U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions based on enacted tax law, permanent differences between book and tax items, tax credits and the Company’s change in relative income in each jurisdiction. Changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and the Company’s effective income tax rate in the future. 
The reconciliation of the provision (benefit) for income taxes at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 % to the Company’s income tax provision (benefit) for the fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018 is shown below:

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• women’s health products, including Duphaston™, for the treatment of many different gynecological disorders; and Femoston™, a hormone replacement therapy for postmenopausal women; 
• cardiovascular and metabolic products, including Lipanthyl™ and TriCor™, for the treatment of dyslipidemia; Teveten™ and Teveten™ Plus, for the treatment of essential hypertension, and Physiotens™, for the treatment of hypertension; and Synthroid™, for the treatment of hypothyroidism; 
• pain and central nervous system products, including Serc™, for the treatment of Ménière’s disease and vestibular vertigo; Brufen™, for the treatment of pain, fever, and inflammation; and Sevedol™, for the treatment of severe migraines; and

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding and strengthening the partner ecosystem.  We continue to work with and invest in strategic system integrators (“SIs”) and independent software vendors (“ISVs”) to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries, offer a variety of solutions natively and through the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, and address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
International expansion.  We continue to increase our investment in our international go-to-market resources, operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest quality service to our customers around the world. 
Targeting vertical industries.  To meet the needs of our customers in certain industries, we provide solutions specifically built for certain vertical industries, such as financial services, healthcare and government.
