ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
On June 29, 2022, near Henderson, Tennessee, a Mid Valley Pipeline Company mowing contractor struck an exposed section of the 22-inch diameter Hornsby to Denver line segment while mowing. The brush cutter mowing implement cut open the pipeline and released an estimated 4,345 barrels of crude oil into the surrounding area. Approximately 3,343 barrels of crude oil were recovered during initial remediation activities with the remaining volume contained within the materials removed and disposed of in accordance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Corrective action is being completed pursuant to the Tennessee DEC’s Division of Remediation - Voluntary Action Program. No injuries resulted from the incident. Mid Valley received a Notice of Federal Interest regarding the incident and has also supplied PHMSA with information as requested. No other government agency action has occurred at this time. 
Additionally, we have received notices of violations and potential fines under various federal, state and local provisions relating to the discharge of materials into the environment or protection of the environment. While we believe that even if any one or more of the environmental proceedings listed above were decided against us, it would not be material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, we are required to report environmental governmental proceedings if we reasonably believe that such proceedings will result in monetary sanctions in excess of $300,000. 
The following discussion of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report. This discussion includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Actual results may differ substantially from the statements we make in this section due to a number of factors that are discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this report.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from marine transportation for 2019 increased $20.4 million when compared to 2018 primarily due to higher barge fees, which accounted for $31.8 million of the increase, partially offset by higher operating costs, which accounted for an $11.3 million decrease.
Based on current market conditions (as of the filing date of this annual report), we believe we will have sufficient liquidity, cash flow from operations and access to capital markets to fund our capital investments and working capital needs for the reasonably foreseeable future. At December 31, 2019, we had $ 4.85 billion of consolidated liquidity, which was comprised of $ 4.52 billion of available borrowing capacity under EPO’s revolving credit facilities and $ 334.7 million of unrestricted cash on hand. 
We may issue equity and debt securities to assist us in meeting our future funding and liquidity requirements, including those related to capital investments. We have a universal shelf registration statement (the “2019 Shelf”) on file with the SEC which allows EPD and EPO (each on a standalone basis) to issue an unlimited amount of equity and debt securities, respectively. The 2019 Shelf replaced our prior universal shelf registration statement, which expired in May 2019.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Digital advertising contracts typically contain promises to deliver guaranteed impressions in specific markets against a targeted demographic during a stipulated period of time. If the specified number of impressions is not delivered, the transaction price is reduced by the number of impressions not delivered multiplied by the contractually stated price per impression. Each promise is considered a separate performance obligation. For digital contracts with an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as impressions are delivered. Actual audience delivery is typically reported by independent third parties. 
For contracts without an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as each spot airs. The airing of individual spots without a guaranteed audience level are each distinct, individual performance obligations. The Company allocates the consideration to each spot based on its relative standalone selling price. 
Distribution revenues are generated from fees charged to network distributors, which include cable, direct-to-home (“DTH”) satellite, telecommunications and digital service providers, and DTC subscribers. Cable operators, DTH satellite operators and telecommunications service providers typically pay royalties via a per-subscriber fee for the right to distribute the Company’s programming under the terms of distribution contracts. The majority of the Company’s distribution fees are collected monthly throughout the year and distribution revenue is recognized over the term of the contracts based on contracted programming rates and reported subscriber levels. The amount of distribution fees due to the Company is reported by distributors based on actual subscriber levels. Such information is generally not received until after the close of the reporting period. In these cases, the Company estimates the number of subscribers receiving the Company’s programming to estimate royalty revenue. Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material. Distribution revenue from fixed-fee contracts is recognized over the contract term based on the continuous delivery of the content to the affiliate. Any monetary incentives provided to distributors other than for distinct goods or services acquired at fair value are recognized as a reduction of revenue over the term.
