BOEING CO report:
Other Equity investments are recorded at fair value, with gains and losses recorded through net earnings. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are measured at cost, less impairments, plus or minus observable price changes. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are assessed for impairment quarterly. 
We classify investment income and loss on our Consolidated Statements of Operations based on whether the investment is operating or non-operating in nature. Operating investments align strategically and are integrated with our operations. Earnings from operating investments, including our share of income or loss from equity method investments, dividend income from other equity investments, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments, are recorded in Income from operating investments, net. Non-operating investments are those we hold for non-strategic purposes. Earnings from non-operating investments, including interest and dividends on marketable securities, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments are recorded in Other income/(loss), net. 
All derivative instruments are recognized in the financial statements and measured at fair value regardless of the purpose or intent of holding them. We use derivative instruments to principally manage a variety of market risks. For our cash flow hedges, the derivative’s gain or loss is initially reported in comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period(s) during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. We have agreements to purchase and sell aluminum to address long-term strategic sourcing objectives and non-U.S. business requirements. These agreements are derivatives for accounting purposes but are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. We also hold certain derivative instruments for economic purposes that are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. For these aluminum agreements and for other derivative instruments not designated for hedge accounting treatment, the changes in their fair value are recorded in earnings immediately.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in countries including the United States, France, and Germany. In January 2020, the Company reached a settlement with the IRS Appeals primarily related to transfer pricing issues in earlier tax years, and income tax reserves were adjusted accordingly. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed in the Company's tax audits are resolved in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. 
The Company has operations and taxable presence in multiple jurisdictions in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions around the world. The Company currently considers U.S. federal, Japan, Australia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and Israel to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal tax returns since fiscal 2008 remain open to examination. With some exceptions, tax years prior to fiscal 2016 in jurisdictions outside of U.S. are generally closed. However, in Japan and United Kingdom, the Company is no longer subject to examinations for years prior to fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2017, respectively. 
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that a decrease of unrecognized tax benefits up to approximately $ 18 million may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Stochastic and probabilistic estimation of potential losses: combines portfolio risk exposures with historical or recent market volatilities and correlations to assess the potential range of future investment results. 
Financial risk and return management addresses the risk of insufficient cash flows to meet corporate or policyholder needs, risk of inadequate aggregate capital or capital within any subsidiary, inability to access capital markets, credit risk that arises when an external party fails to meet a contractual obligation such as reinsurance for ceded claims, or risk associated with a business counterparty default. 
We actively manage our capital and liquidity levels in light of changing market, economic and business conditions. Our capital position, capital generation capacity, and targeted risk profile provide strategic and financial flexibility.
