ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
With respect to our TE Products Pipeline, the pipeline’s most significant competitors are third party pipelines in the areas where it delivers products. Competition among common carrier pipelines is based primarily on transportation fees, quality of customer service and proximity to end users. Trucks, barges and railroads competitively deliver products into some of the markets served by our TE Products Pipeline and river terminals. The TE Products Pipeline also faces competition from rail and pipeline movements of NGLs from Canada and waterborne imports into terminals located along the upper East Coast. 
Our marine transportation business competes with other inland marine transportation companies as well as providers of other modes of transportation, such as rail tank cars, tractor-trailer tank trucks and, to a limited extent, pipelines. Competition within the marine transportation business is largely based on performance and price. Also, substantial new construction of inland marine vessels could create an oversupply and intensify competition for our marine transportation business. 
Although the majority of our businesses are not materially affected by seasonality, certain aspects of our operations are impacted by seasonal changes such as tropical weather events, energy demand in connection with heating and cooling requirements and for the summer driving season. Examples include:

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In our natural gas compression business, revenue is recognized for compressor packages and technical service jobs using the completed contract method which recognizes revenue upon completion of the job. Costs incurred on a job are deducted at the time revenue is recognized. 
Terminalling and storage revenues are recognized at the time the services are provided. Pipeline revenues are recognized upon delivery of the barrels to the location designated by the shipper. Crude oil acquisition and marketing revenues, as well as refined product marketing revenues, are recognized when title to the product is transferred to the customer. Revenues are not recognized for crude oil exchange transactions, which are entered into primarily to acquire crude oil of a desired quality or to reduce transportation costs by taking delivery closer to end markets. Any net differential for exchange transactions is recorded as an adjustment of inventory costs in the purchases component of cost of products sold and operating expenses in the statements of operations. 
Sunoco LP’s revenues from motor fuel are recognized either at the time fuel is delivered to the customer or at the time of sale. Shipment and delivery of motor fuel generally occurs on the same day. Sunoco LP charges wholesale customers for third-party transportation costs, which are recorded net in cost of sales. Through PropCo, Sunoco LP’s wholly-owned corporate subsidiary, Sunoco LP may sell motor fuel to customers on a commission agent basis, in which Sunoco LP retains title to inventory, controls access to and sale of fuel inventory, and recognizes revenue at the time the fuel is sold to the ultimate customer. In Sunoco LP’s fuel distribution and marketing operations, Sunoco LP derives other income from rental income, propane and lubricating oils, and other ancillary product and service offerings. In Sunoco LP’s other operations, Sunoco LP derives other income from merchandise, lottery ticket sales, money orders, prepaid phone cards and wireless services, ATM transactions, car washes, movie rentals, and other ancillary product and service offerings. Sunoco LP records revenue from other retail transactions on a net commission basis when a product is sold and/or services are rendered.

SALESFORCE INC report:
software licenses are generally recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Revenue from software support and updates is recognized as the support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. 
The Company typically invoices its customers annually and its payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. 
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed price or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts or ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Other revenues consist primarily of training revenues recognized as such services are performed.
