SALESFORCE INC report:
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our on-going assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features. 
We have an investment portfolio that includes strategic investments in public and privately held companies, which range from early-stage companies to more mature companies with established revenue streams and business models. As of January 31, 2019 , our portfolio, which consists of investments in over 235  privately held companies and six  public companies, is primarily comprised of independent software vendors and system integrators. Our investments in these companies range from $0.1 million  to approximately $105 million , with 21  investments individually equal to or in excess of approximately $10 million as of January 31, 2019 . 
We invest in early-to-late stage enterprise cloud companies for strategic reasons and to support key business initiatives to grow our ecosystem of partners and accelerate the adoption of cloud technologies. We invest in both domestic and international companies and currently hold investments in all of our regions: the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific. We plan to continue to invest in these types of strategic investments, including in companies representing targeted geographies and targeted business and technological initiatives, as opportunities arise that we find attractive.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
In determining the discount rate, the Company determines the implied rate of return on a hypothetical portfolio of high-quality fixed-income investments, for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximates the estimated pension plan payouts. The discount rate assumption is reviewed annually and revised as appropriate. 
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is derived from a mathematical asset model. This model incorporates assumptions on the various asset class returns, reflecting a combination of historical performance analysis and the forward-looking views of the financial markets regarding the yield on long-term bonds and the historical returns of the major stock markets. The rate of return assumption is reviewed annually and revised as deemed appropriate. 
The US Foods, Inc. Retirement Investment Committee (the “Committee”) has authority and responsibility to oversee the investment and management of the trust (“the Trust”) which holds the assets of the Retirement Plan and has adopted an Investment Policy to provide a framework for the management of the Trust’s assets, including the objectives and long-term strategy with respect to the investment program of the Trust. Pursuant to the Investment Policy, the primary goal of investing Trust assets is to ensure that pension liabilities are met over time, and that Trust assets are invested in a manner that maximizes the probability of meeting pension liabilities. The secondary goal of investing Trust assets is to maximize long-term investment return consistent with a reasonable level of risk. Through consultation with its investment consultant, the Committee has developed long-term asset allocation guidelines intended to achieve investment objectives relative to projected liabilities. Based on those projections, the Committee has approved a dynamic asset allocation strategy that increases the liability-hedging assets of the Trust and decreases the return-seeking assets of the Trust as the funded ratio of the Retirement Plan improves. Based upon the funded ratio of the Retirement Plan, an asset allocation of 30 % equity securities (U.S. large cap equities, U.S. small and mid-cap equities and non-U.S. equities) and 70 % fixed income securities (U.S. Treasuries, STRIPs, and investment grade corporate bonds) was targeted during the Company’s fiscal year 2022. The actual mix of assets in the Trust as of December 31, 2022 consisted of 32 % equity securities and 68 % fixed income securities.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products. 
Established Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of addressing the health needs of more people in emerging markets and being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition, Abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Femoston™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications. 
• Structural Heart – Development of transcatheter and surgical devices for the repair and replacement of heart valves, and occlusion therapies for congenital heart defects and stroke-risk reduction.
