BOEING CO report:
( 31 ) 0.2   ( 229 ) 10.1   Tax deductible dividends ( 13 ) 0.1   ( 53 ) 2.4   Income tax (benefit)/expense ($ 743 ) 14.7   % ($ 2,535 ) 17.5   % ($ 1,623 ) 71.8   % 
(1) On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted, which includes a five year net operating loss (NOL) carryback provision which enabled us to benefit from the 2020 U.S. federal tax NOL at the former federal tax rate of 35 %. In 2021 and 2020, we recorded tax expense of $ 3 and tax benefits of $ 1,175 related to the NOL carryback provision. 
(3)   In the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded a tax benefit of $ 587 related to the settlement of the 2015-2017 federal tax audit. In the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded a tax benefit of $ 371 related to the settlement of state tax audits spanning 15 tax years.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
(1) Balances do not include receivables related to the following contracts: leasing arrangements (such as those for towers and equipment), captive reinsurance arrangements primarily related to wireless device insurance and the interest on equipment financed under a device payment plan agreement when sold to the customer by an authorized agent. 
Contract assets primarily relate to our rights to consideration for goods or services provided to customers but for which we do not have an unconditional right at the reporting date. Under a fixed-term plan, total contract revenue is allocated between wireless service and equipment revenues. In conjunction with these arrangements, a contract asset is created, which represents the difference between the amount of equipment revenue recognized upon sale and the amount of consideration received from the customer when the performance obligation related to the transfer of control of the equipment is satisfied. The contract asset is reclassified to accounts receivable as wireless services are provided and billed. We have the right to bill the customer as service is provided over time, which results in our right to the payment being unconditional. The contract asset balances are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets. We recognize the allowance for credit losses at inception and reassess quarterly based on management's expectation of the asset's collectability. 
Contract liabilities arise when we bill our customers and receive consideration in advance of providing the goods or services promised in the contract. We typically bill service one month in advance, which is the primary component of the contract liability balance. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when services are provided to the customer. The contract liability balances are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as Other current liabilities and Other liabilities.

SALESFORCE INC report:
A reconciliation of the denominator used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is as follows (in millions):  
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted earnings per share does not include the effect of the following potentially outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions):  
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is or may be involved in various legal or regulatory proceedings, claims or purported class actions related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage and hour and other claims. The Company has been, and may in the future be put on notice or sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, including patent infringement.
