MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Applying the definition of “Adjusted EPS” (1) , the adjustments made to “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income tables above as well as net earnings from divestitures; losses related to interest rate swaps; losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; initial impacts from enacted tax laws changes; gains or losses on equity method investment transactions; and our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees. We also evaluate Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. We believe Adjusted EPS provides improved comparability of underlying operating results. 
(0.01) 0.04 (0.05) Adjusted EPS $ 2.95   $ 2.85   $ 0.10   3.5   % Unfavorable currency translation 0.24 — 0.24 Adjusted EPS (constant currency) $ 3.19   $ 2.85   $ 0.34   11.9   % 
0.04 0.05 (0.01) Adjusted EPS $ 2.85   $ 2.54   $ 0.31   12.2   % Favorable currency translation (0.09) — (0.09) Adjusted EPS (constant currency) $ 2.76   $ 2.54   $ 0.22   8.7   %

SALESFORCE INC report:
While we believe all of these goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities, they are aspirational and may change, and there is no guarantee or promise that they will be met. 
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity investment risks. This exposure has increased due to recent financial market movements and changes to our expectations of near-term possible movements caused by the impact of COVID-19 as discussed in more detail below. 
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers, additional headcount in foreign countries, and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Brazilian Real against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change, including market impacts associated with COVID-19. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
a $638 million  goodwill impairment and a $133 million  impairment to property, plant and equipment were recorded in the interstate transportation and storage segment primarily due to decreases in projected future revenues and cash flows driven by changes in the markets that these assets serve. 
a $308 million  impairment of the Partnership’s equity method investment in MEP. The Partnership concluded that the carrying value of its investment in MEP was other than temporarily impaired based on commercial discussions with current and potential shippers on MEP during 2016, which negatively affected the outlook for long-term transportation contract rates. 
 Except for the 2017 impairment of the goodwill associated with CDM, as discussed above, the goodwill impairments recorded by the Partnership during the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  represented all of the goodwill within the respective reporting units.
