SALESFORCE INC report:
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
For more information regarding legal proceedings, such as the Slack shareholder derivative action, see Note 13 “Legal Proceedings and Claims” to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II.Our Employee Opinion Survey is a vehicle for employees to provide confidential feedback on their experience as Salesforce employees. The results are used to assess employee engagement, our company culture and our workplace environment. Based on the results of the most recent survey, 94 percent of responding employees indicated they were willing to give extra effort to get the job done and nearly 90 percent of responding employees indicated that they would recommend Salesforce as a great place to work. 
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
A contract with a customer exists when (i) the Company enters into an enforceable contract with a customer that defines each party’s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred and identifies the payment terms related to these goods or services, (ii) the contract has commercial substance and (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially all consideration for goods or services that are transferred is probable based on the customer’s intent and ability to pay the promised consideration. For the Company, the contract is the approved sales order, which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers, including restaurant chains, government organizations or group purchase organizations. The Company applies judgment in determining the customer’s ability and intention to pay, which is based on a variety of factors including the customer’s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, published credit and financial information pertaining to the customer. 
 Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. For the Company, this includes the delivery of food and food-related products, which provides immediate benefit to the customer. While certain additional services may be identified within a contract, we have concluded that those services are individually immaterial in the context of the contract with the customer and therefore not assessed as performance obligations. 
 The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer, and is generally stated on the approved sales order. Variable consideration, which typically includes volume-based rebates or discounts, is estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The investment mix of equity securities, fixed income and other asset allocation strategies is based upon achieving a desired return, as well as balancing higher return, more volatile equity securities with lower return, less volatile fixed income securities. Investment allocations are made across a range of markets, industry sectors, capitalization sizes, and in the case of fixed income securities, maturities and credit quality. The plans do not directly hold any securities of Abbott. There are no known significant concentrations of risk in the plans’ assets. Abbott’s medical and dental plans’ assets are invested in a similar mix as the pension plan assets. The actual asset allocation percentages at year end are consistent with the company’s targeted asset allocation percentages.
The plans’ expected return on assets, as shown above is based on management’s expectations of long-term average rates of return to be achieved by the underlying investment portfolios. In establishing this assumption, management considers historical and expected returns for the asset classes in which the plans are invested, as well as current economic and capital market conditions.
Abbott funds its domestic pension plans according to IRS funding limitations. International pension plans are funded according to similar regulations. Abbott funded $ 382 million in 2019 and $ 114 million in 2018 to defined pension plans. Abbott expects to contribute approximately $ 387 million to its pension plans in 2020.
