ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• electrophysiology products, including the TactiFlex™ and TactiCath ® families of ablation catheters, and FlexAbility ® irrigated ablation catheters; EnSite ® family of cardiac mapping systems; Agilis ® NxT and Swartz™ introducer catheters; the Advisor ® HD Grid mapping catheter; and ViewFlex™ family of intracardiac echocardiography catheters; 
• heart failure related products, including the HeartMate ® left ventricular assist device family, the CardioMEMS ® HF System pulmonary artery sensor, a heart failure monitoring system, and the CentriMag ® System, an acute mechanical circulatory support system; 
• vascular products, including the XIENCE ® family of drug-eluting coronary stent systems developed on the Multi-Link Vision ® platform; StarClose SE ® , Perclose ProGlide ® and Perclose ProStyle ® vessel closure devices, TREK ® coronary balloon dilatation products, Hi-Torque Balance Middleweight Universal II ® guidewires, Supera ® Peripheral Stent System, a peripheral vascular stent system; Acculink ® /Accunet ® and Xact ® /Emboshield NAV6 ® , carotid stent systems; the OPTIS ® integrated systems with Ultreon™ 1.0 Software, compatible with the Dragonfly OPTIS ® imaging catheter and PressureWire ® fractional flow reserve measurement systems; and the JETi ® peripheral thrombectomy systems for clot removal;

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Our ground transportation of packages in the U.S. is subject to regulation by the DOT and its agency, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (the “FMCSA”). Ground transportation also falls under state jurisdiction with respect to the regulation of operations, safety and insurance. Our ground transportation of hazardous materials in the U.S. is subject to regulation by the DOT's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. We also must comply with safety and fitness regulations promulgated by the FMCSA, including those relating to drug and alcohol testing and hours of service for drivers. Ground transportation of packages outside of the U.S. is subject to similar regulatory schemes in the countries in which we transport those packages. 
The Postal Reorganization Act of 1970 created the U.S. Postal Service as an independent establishment of the executive branch of the federal government, and created the Postal Rate Commission, an independent agency, to recommend postal rates. The Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act of 2006 amended the 1970 Act to give the re-named Postal Regulatory Commission revised oversight authority over many aspects of the U.S. Postal Service, including postal rates, product offerings and service standards. We sometimes participate in proceedings before the Postal Regulatory Commission in an attempt to secure fair postal rates for competitive services. 
Our ground operations are also subject to compliance with various cargo-security and transportation regulations issued by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, including regulation by the TSA in the U.S., and similar regulations issued by foreign governments in other countries.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses through wholly owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Japan, U.K., Korea, Australia, Spain, Iceland, France, and China and through a majority-owned subsidiary in Taiwan. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1 . Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income. Certain operating expenses, predominantly stock-based compensation, incurred on behalf of the Company's Canadian and Other International operations, are included in the U.S. operations because those costs generally come under the responsibility of U.S. management.Members of the Board of Directors, one other individual, and the Company were defendants in a shareholder derivative action related to the internal controls and related disclosures identified in the putative class actions, alleging that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties. Wedekind v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, Richard Libenson, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp.   (W.D. Wash.; filed Dec. 11, 2018). Similar actions were filed in King County Superior Court on February 20, 2019,   Elliott v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, Richard Libenson, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-04824-7), April 16, 2019, Brad Shuman, et ano. v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-10460-1), and June 12, 2019, Rahul Modi v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-15514-1). In light of the dismissal in Johnson noted above, the plaintiffs in the derivative actions agreed voluntarily to dismiss their complaints. 
On June 23, 2020, a putative class action was filed against the Company, the “Board of Directors,” the “Costco Benefits Committee” and others under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin. Dustin S. Soulek v. Costco Wholesale, et al. , Case No. 1:20-cv-937. The class is alleged to be beneficiaries of the Costco 401(k) plan from June 23, 2014, and the claims are that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties in the operation and oversight of the plan. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, damages, interest, costs, and attorneys' fees. On September 11, 2020, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, and on September 21 the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which the defendants have also moved to dismiss. 
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year.
