WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Although the Company had funding commitments to equity method investees as of December 31, 2020, the Company may also provide uncommitted additional funding to its equity method investments in the future. (See Note 4.) 
The Company is party to various lawsuits and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims related to employees, vendors, other business partners or patent issues. However, a determination as to the amount of the accrual required for such contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgment about future events. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty and the impact of the final resolution of these matters on the Company's results of operations in a particular subsequent reporting period is not known, management does not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company's future consolidated financial position, future results of operations or cash flows. 
During the year ended December 31, 2019, a withholding tax claim recorded as part of the Scripps Networks purchase accounting was settled with a portion of the claim being resolved subsequent to the measurement period, which resulted in a reversal of the remaining accrual and a reduction in selling, general, and administrative expense of $ 29 million.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”), which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect a number of amounts in our consolidated financial statements. Significant accounting policy elections, estimates and assumptions include, among others, pension and benefit plan assumptions, valuation assumptions of goodwill and intangible assets, useful lives of long-lived assets, restructuring program liabilities, marketing program accruals, insurance and self-insurance reserves and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable. If actual amounts differ from estimates, we include the revisions in our consolidated results of operations in the period the actual amounts become known. Historically, the aggregate differences, if any, between our estimates and actual amounts in any year have not had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
On October 1, 2016, we integrated our Eastern Europe, Middle East, and Africa (“EEMEA”) operating segment into our Europe and Asia Pacific operating segments to further leverage and optimize the operating scale built within the Europe and Asia Pacific regions. Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Belarus, Georgia and Kazakhstan were combined within our Europe region, while the remaining Middle East and African countries were combined within our Asia Pacific region to form a new Asia, Middle East and Africa (“AMEA”) operating segment. We have reflected the segment change as if it had occurred in all periods presented. 
We translate the results of operations of our subsidiaries from multiple currencies using average exchange rates during each period and translate balance sheet accounts using exchange rates at the end of each period. We record currency translation adjustments as a component of equity (except for highly inflationary currencies) and realized exchange gains and losses on transactions in earnings.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The upstream energy industry, including major oil companies, continues to shift resources to shale supply basins. We believe that U.S. shale resources provide attractive economic benefits to producers due to their low risk and short lead time production profiles. Domestic shale resources will continue to play a key role in both U.S. and global markets, further supporting that the U.S. is a major oil supplier on par with the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) and Russia. 
During most of 2018, international energy commodity markets were supported as demand for crude oil was strong due to expanding global economic activity, while crude oil supplies were viewed as balanced and maintained through a regime of prescriptive supply cuts by OPEC and Russia. As a result crude oil prices improved significantly: WTI averaged $50.86 per barrel in 2017 and rose to $76.41 by early October 2018. Meanwhile, U.S. oil production rose steadily during that period averaging 9.4 MMBPD in 2017 and reached a record 11.8 MMBPD by December 2018. Likewise, U.S. production of NGLs averaged 3.8 MMBPD in 2017 and increased to 4.7 MMBPD by November 2018, a new record as well. U.S. crude oil and NGL production was expected to average 10.9 MMBPD and 4.4 MBPD, respectively, in 2018. 
However, beginning in October 2018, signs of weakness began emerging in global energy markets due to perceived overproduction of crude oil and NGLs in the U.S. The impact of trade wars between the U.S., China and other developed economies, along with potential signs of economic slowdown in many developing economies, started eroding confidence in global demand. Also, there was uncertainty regarding how U.S. sanctions on Iran would be administered and their effect on Iranian oil exports. As a result, WTI oil prices tumbled from the high of $76.41 per barrel in early October 2018 to end the year at $45.41 per barrel, a decline of 41%. WTI prices averaged $64.90 per barrel for all of 2018.
