VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In our Consumer segment, we expect to continue to attract new customers and maintain high-quality retail postpaid customers, capitalizing on demand for data services and providing our customers new ways of using wireless services in their daily lives. We expect that future connection growth will be driven by smartphones, tablets and other connected devices such as wearables. We believe the combination of our wireless network performance and Mix & Match unlimited plans provides a superior customer experience, supporting increased penetration of data services and the continued attraction and retention of higher valued retail postpaid connections. We anticipate continued pressure in 2022 related to Tracfone subscribers as we seek to improve the customer retention rate that has declined over the prior two years, however expect to grow the Tracfone customer base over time by furthering our investment and increasing our product and service offerings within the business. We expect to manage churn by providing a consistent, reliable experience on our wireless service and focusing on improving the customer experience through simplified pricing and continued focus in our distribution channels. We expect to continue to grow our Fios internet connections as we seek to increase our penetration rates within our Fios service areas, further supported by the demand for higher speed internet connections. At the same time, we expect accelerating fixed wireless access connections to complement strong Fios results as demand for services continues to grow. In Fios video, the business continues to face ongoing pressure as observed throughout the linear television market. We expect to manage market pressure by offering customers a choice of video service, including options such as Mix & Match on Fios and other offerings. We have experienced continuing access line and DSL losses as customers have disconnected both primary 
In our Business segment, we offer wireless products and services to business and government customers across the U.S. We continue to grow our retail connections while operating in a competitive environment. We expect that this connection growth, combined with our industry-leading network assets, will provide additional opportunities to sell solutions, such as those around security, advanced communications and professional services. We also expect to expand our existing services offered to business customers through our Intelligent Edge Network, our multi-use platform. 
In addition, in both our Consumer and our Business segments, we expect to support connection growth in part by adding capacity and density to our 4G LTE network, and by leading the build-out of our 5G network. We also anticipate the continued migration of 3G connections onto 4G and 5G technologies with the expected cessation of 3G services.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers’ needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. As a result of customer feedback, in fiscal 2023 we developed Genie, which allows our customers to ingest, transform, harmonize, unify and visualize data across all of our industry solutions in real time. 
Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries.

BOEING CO report:
During 2020 and 2019, we granted Performance Awards to our executives, which are cash units that pay out based on the achievement of long-term financial goals at the end of a three-year period. Each unit has an initial value of $ 100 dollars. The amount payable at the end of the three -year performance period may be anywhere from $ 0 to $ 200 dollars per unit for the 2019 Performance Awards and $ 0 to $ 150 dollars for 2020 Performance Awards, depending on the Company’s performance against plan for a three-year period. The Compensation Committee has the discretion to pay these awards in cash, stock or a combination of both after the three-year performance period. Compensation expense, based on the estimated performance payout, is recognized ratably over the performance period. 
The Company has deferred compensation plans which permit certain employees and executives to defer a portion of their salary, bonus, certain other incentive awards and retirement contributions. Participants can diversify these amounts among 23 investment funds including a Boeing stock unit account. 
Total expense related to deferred compensation was $ 126 , $ 93 and $ 174 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the deferred compensation liability which is being marked to market was $ 1,703 and $ 1,718 .
