ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2021, the Company has U.S. federal and foreign net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards, some of which will expire on various dates from 2024 through 2037 as indicated in the table below. In assessing the realizability of gross deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the gross deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment, as well as limitations on use in future periods. Accordingly, management believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain NOL carryforwards from recent acquisitions will not be realized. The Company had a valuation allowance of $ 24 million on the deferred tax assets related to these NOL carryforwards. 
The provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the 20-year carryforward period and made it indefinite for federal net operating losses generated in tax years after December 31, 2017. For such amounts generated prior to 2018, the 20-year carryforward period continues to apply. 
($ in millions) 20-Year Carryforward Expires in 2024-2037 Indefinite Carryforward Period Total US Federal $ 195   $ 9   $ 204   Foreign —   218   218   Total $ 195   $ 227   $ 422

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company evaluates intangible assets and other long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. This includes but is not limited to significant adverse changes in business climate, market conditions or other events that indicate an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of each asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash flows used in the test for recoverability are less than the carrying amount of these assets, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. 
The Company evaluates and tests the recoverability of its goodwill for impairment at least annually during its fourth quarter of each fiscal year or more often if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. 
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances and pre-acquisition contingencies are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the Company is within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our primary network technology platform is 4G LTE, which provides higher data throughput performance for data services at a lower cost compared to that offered by 3G technologies. In addition, over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services.   
Our 4G LTE network is available in approximately 500 markets covering approximately 331 million people, including those in areas served by our LTE in Rural America partners. Under this program, we have collaborated with wireless carriers in rural areas to build and operate a 4G LTE network using each carrier’s network assets and our core 4G LTE equipment and 700 megahertz (MHz) C Block and Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) spectrum. We currently have 21 LTE in Rural America partners that provide 4G LTE coverage to an area covering approximately three million people. 
We consider the reliability, coverage and speed of our wireless network as key factors for our continued success and we strive to provide our customers with the highest network reliability for their wireless services. We believe that steady and consistent network and platform investments provide the foundation for innovative products and services that will fuel profitable growth.
