MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenues increased $320 million (12.9%), due to higher net pricing (13.6 pp) and favorable volume/mix (6.8 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (7.5 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. Favorable volume/mix reflected strong volume growth as the negative impacts from the pandemic that we experienced in the prior year subsided across the region. Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains in chocolate, biscuits, gum and candy, partially offset by declines in refreshment beverages and cheese & grocery. Unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Argentinean peso and Brazilian real. 
Segment operating income increased $72 million (38.1%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs (productivity and lower incremental COVID-19 related costs), favorable volume/mix and lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, unfavorable currency, divestiture-related costs incurred in 2021, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses and lower benefits from the resolution of tax matters. 
Net revenues decreased $541 million (17.9%), due to unfavorable currency (18.1 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (7.5 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (7.7 pp). Unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Brazilian real, Argentinean peso and Mexican peso. Unfavorable volume/mix was due to the negative volume impact from the COVID-19 outbreak as well as the impact of pricing-related elasticity. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in gum and candy, partially offset by gains in cheese & grocery, chocolate, refreshment beverages and biscuits. Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Fluctuations in our investments in growth capital projects and investments in unconsolidated affiliates are explained in large part by increases or decreases in expenditures for major expansion projects. Our most significant growth capital investments for the year ended December 31, 2019 involve projects at our Mont Belvieu complex, crude oil pipelines in Texas and expansion projects involving our Gulf Coast export terminals. Fluctuations in investments in sustaining capital projects are explained in large part by the timing and cost of pipeline integrity and similar projects.
Investments in growth capital projects at our Mont Belvieu complex increased $623.5 million year-to-year primarily due to construction activities surrounding Frac X and Frac XI, which accounted for a combined $479.0 million increase, our iBDH facility, which accounted for a $115.1 million increase, and expansion projects involving our DIBs, which accounted for an additional $87.2 million increase, partially offset by lower expenditures attributable to PDH 1 and Frac IX, which accounted for a combined $185.3 million decrease. PDH 1 and Frac IX were both placed into service during the second quarter of 2018. We placed our iBDH facility into service in December 2019.
Investments in growth capital projects in support of Permian Basin production decreased $532.1 million year-to-year primarily due to completion of Shin Oak, which accounted for a $524.4 million decrease, and Orla natural gas processing facility, which accounted for an additional $358.4 million decrease, partially offset by increased expenditures for the construction of Mentone I, which accounted for a $249.6 million increase. Shin Oak entered limited service in February 2019, with full capacity available in December 2019. Orla III entered service in July 2019 and Mentone I commenced operations in December 2019.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
At World Fuel Services, we believe that our people's passion and expertise are what differentiates us and investing in our people is a top priority. Our comprehensive approach to serving our workforce includes our commitment to promoting a diverse and inclusive environment, as well as focusing on our employees' growth and development, health and safety, and overall well-being. The following charts provide information about our global workforce as of December 31, 2022: 
As a global energy management company, we are committed to doing the right thing in all that we do and we continually seek to protect the health and safety of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers and the communities in which we operate. We are committed to playing a leading role in promoting best practices within the transportation industry and are closely involved in developing, setting, and maintaining health, safety and environment ("HSE") industry standards. We have established a set of "Rules to Live By" to help strengthen our existing Integrated Management System and drive appropriate safety behaviors and practices, which we believe are vital to preventing workplace incidents. These rules are designed to ensure the safety of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers and communities around the world. 
We have developed what we believe to be a comprehensive process designed to identify, assess and manage HSE risks in our operations. We set targets for performance improvements and regularly measure, audit and report on our performance both internally and in accordance with applicable laws. We also expect our contractors to manage HSE matters in line with our policies and strive to maintain an open dialogue with our stakeholders to better align our policies with the priorities within the communities where we operate.
