MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses, partial or full sales of equity method investments and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, we reflected the impact of prior-quarter sales of KDP and JDE Peet’s shares within divested results as if the sales occurred at the beginning of all periods presented. 
(7) Includes our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring program costs. 
(8) Refer to Note 12, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and Note 17, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Also on December 2, 2022, a separate purported class action lawsuit ( Bricklayers Pension Fund of Western Pennsylvania v. Advance/Newhouse Partnership , Case No. 2022-1114-JTL) was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the “Bricklayers Action”). The complaint in the Bricklayers Action names Advance/Newhouse and certain of the Company’s current and former directors as defendants and generally alleges that former directors of Discovery and Advance/Newhouse breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Merger, and that Advance/Newhouse aided and abetted these alleged breaches of fiduciary duties. The Bricklayers Action seeks damages and other relief. 
On January 11, 2023, the Delaware Court of Chancery consolidated the Monroe County Action and the Bricklayers Action under the caption In re Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. Stockholders Litigation , Consolidated Case No. 2022-1114-JTL. The Company intends to vigorously defend these litigations. 
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. This section provides additional information regarding our businesses, current developments, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, contractual commitments, critical accounting policies, and estimates that require significant judgment and thus have the most significant potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. This discussion and analysis is intended to better allow investors to view the company from management's perspective.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We believe that crude oil prices will continue to increase. Our view considers the record retrenchment in drilling and completion activities worldwide, including by U.S. producers in 2020, along with steep decline curves in shale basins that result in lower near-term production through mid-2021, and the expected continuing recovery of global hydrocarbon demand following the pandemic. However, in the interim, we believe the midstream industry will be challenged in its supply-side businesses and that challenges and opportunities will be different for each producing basin.
Although the current industry and business outlooks remain challenging, we believe that our integrated, diversified and fee-based business model, will enable us to successfully traverse this difficult period. The Partnership and its consolidated operations remain in a strong position, with our financial strength and operational flexibility demonstrated by the following:
 • At December 31, 2020, we had $6.06 billion of consolidated liquidity, which was comprised of $5.0 billion of available borrowing capacity under EPO’s revolving credit facilities and $1.06 billion of unrestricted cash on hand. Our liquidity is supported by investment grade credit ratings on EPO’s long-term senior unsecured debt of BBB+, Baa1 and BBB+ from Standard and Poors, Moody’s and Fitch, respectively.
