ALLSTATE CORP report:
Annual premiums earned and paid under the FHCF agreement were $ 15 million, $ 9 million and $ 9 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Qualifying losses were $ 13 million, $ 15 million and $ 33 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Company has access to reimbursement provided by the FHCF for 90 % of qualifying personal property losses that exceed its current retention of $ 104 million for the two largest hurricanes and $ 35 million for other hurricanes, up to a maximum total of $ 251 million, effective from June 1, 2021 to May 31, 2022. The amounts recoverable from the FHCF totaled $ 25 million and $ 32 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Federal Government - National Flood Insurance Program NFIP is a program administered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (“FEMA”) whereby the Company sells and services NFIP flood insurance policies as an agent of FEMA and receives fees for its services. The Company is fully indemnified for claims and claim expenses and does not retain any ultimate risk for the indemnified business. The federal government is obligated to pay all claims and certain allocated loss adjustment expenses in accordance with the arrangement. 
Congressional authorization for the NFIP is periodically evaluated and may be subjected to freezes, including when the federal government experiences a shutdown. FEMA has a NFIP reinsurance program to manage the future exposure of the NFIP through the transfer of risk to private reinsurance companies and capital market investors. Congress is evaluating the funding of the program as well as considering reforms to the program that would be incorporated in legislation to reauthorize the NFIP.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options, restricted stock units, warrants and the convertible senior notes. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards and convertible securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. 
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted earnings per share does not include the effect of the following potential outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions): 
As of January 31, 2019 , the Company had a total of $92 million  in letters of credit outstanding substantially in favor of certain landlords for office space. These letters of credit renew annually and expire at various dates through December 2030.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefits earned during the year, as well as interest on projected benefit obligations, are accrued. Prior service costs and credits resulting from changes in plan benefits are generally amortized over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive benefits. Expected return on plan assets is determined by applying the return on assets assumption to the actual fair value of plan assets. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized in Other income (expense), net in the year in which they occur. These gains and losses are measured annually as of December 31 or upon a remeasurement event. Verizon management employees no longer earn pension benefits or earn service towards the Company retiree medical subsidy. See Note 11 for additional information. 
We recognize a pension or a postretirement plan’s funded status as either an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets. Also, we measure any unrecognized prior service costs and credits that arise during the period as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable income tax. 
We enter into derivative transactions primarily to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including cross currency swaps, forward starting interest rate swaps, interest rate swaps, treasury rate locks, interest rate caps, swaptions and foreign exchange forwards. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes.
