ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We believe that FCF is important to traditional investors since it reflects the amount of cash available for reducing debt, investing in additional capital projects, paying distributions, common unit repurchases and similar matters. Since business partners fund certain capital projects of our consolidated subsidiaries, our determination of FCF reflects the amount of cash contributed from and distributed to noncontrolling interests. Our calculation of FCF may or may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
FCF fluctuates based on our earnings, the level of investing activities we undertake each period, and the timing of operating cash receipts and payments. The following table summarizes our calculation of FCF for the years indicated (dollars in millions):
The elements used in calculating FCF are sourced directly from our statements of consolidated cash flows presented under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. For a discussion of significant year-to-year changes in our cash flow statement amounts, see “Cash Flow Statement Highlights” within this Part II, Item 7.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Due to the ongoing and expected adverse impacts of the COVID-19 crisis, we immediately made cost-related decisions as the pandemic began impacting our business activities. For example, we immediately instituted a hiring freeze and implemented travel restrictions for our employees across the organization, postponed or eliminated all non-essential capital expenditures and other projects and initiatives, significantly reduced or deferred professional fees, marketing expenses and other similar costs. In addition, while we have continued to focus on improving operating efficiencies and returns, we have also concentrated on lowering our operating costs, including those of our land segment, which has historically had a higher expense ratio than other parts of our business. Accordingly, during the first quarter of 2020, we commenced a restructuring initiative focused on further streamlining our operations and sharpening our deployment of resources, not only in our land segment but also in our other segments due to the adverse impacts of the pandemic. During the second quarter of 2020, we completed a rationalization of our global office footprint and approved the abandonment of certain office leases, including the transition of select offices to smaller or more cost-effective locations. See "Note 5. Restructuring" accompanying our Consolidated Financial Statements included in "Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" included in this 2020 10-K Report for additional information regarding this restructuring. 
The ultimate duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and our customers' operations continue to be unclear. Furthermore, the extent to which we or our customers will ultimately be impacted by the pandemic is not fully ascertainable as it is closely related to the timing and extent to which the global economy, and the aviation, land and marine transportation industries, in particular, recover from the crisis. For additional discussion on the risks relating to the pandemic, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this 10-K Report. 
We operate in three reportable segments consisting of aviation, land and marine, where we offer fuel and related products and services to commercial and industrial customers in each of these transportation industries. Within each of our segments, we may enter into derivative contracts to mitigate the risk of market price fluctuations and also to offer our customers fuel pricing alternatives to meet their needs.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Certain impacts of the new legislation would have generally required accounting to be completed and incorporated into our 2017 year-end financial statements, however in response to the complexities of this new legislation, the SEC issued guidance to provide companies with relief. The SEC provided up to a one-year window for companies to finalize the accounting for the impacts of this new legislation. We finalized our accounting for the new provisions during the fourth quarter of 2018. 
The 2018 impact from finalizing the accounting for the new provisions was a discrete net tax expense of $19 million. The $19 million expense in 2018 is primarily comprised of a $60 million expense related to finalizing the changes in our indefinite reinvestment assertion, partially offset by a $38 million decrease to the transition tax estimated as of December 31, 2017. Refer to Note 15, Income Taxes , for more information on the impact of U.S. tax reform. 
In the United States, we contribute to multiemployer pension plans based on obligations arising from our collective bargaining agreements. In 2017 and 2016, the only individually significant multiemployer plan we contributed to was the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund (the “Fund”). Our obligation to contribute to the Fund arose with respect to 8 collective bargaining agreements covering most of our employees represented by the Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco and Grain Millers Union ("BCTGM"). All of those collective bargaining agreements expired in 2016.
