SALESFORCE INC report:
• We support 12 employee-led and founded employee resource groups, which provide a community for underrepresented groups and their allies, offer professional development and mentoring opportunities, and empower employees to be responsive equality leaders in their community. In fiscal 2020, nearly half of our employees engaged in one or more such resource groups. 
Workforce Development: Salesforce is committed to enabling the workforce to learn the skills needed to thrive in the jobs of today and tomorrow. Our free online learning platform, Trailhead, allows anyone to learn in-demand technology and business skills. To date, over 20 million badges have been earned on Trailhead. 
Ethical and Humane Use of Technology: We aspire to create technology that not only drives the success of our customers, but also upholds the basic human rights of every individual. Core to this effort is the establishment of the Office of Ethical and Humane Use of Technology, working across product, law, policy, and ethics to develop and implement a strategic framework for the ethical and humane use of technology across Salesforce.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Hobbs NGL fractionator serves NGL producers in West Texas, New Mexico, Colorado and Wyoming. This fractionator receives mixed NGLs from several major supply basins, including the Mid-Continent, Permian Basin, San Juan Basin and Rocky Mountains. The facility is located at the interconnect of our Mid-America Pipeline System and Seminole NGL Pipeline, thus providing customers access to the Conway hub and Chambers County, Texas.
 • The Norco NGL fractionator receives mixed NGLs from refineries and natural gas processing facilities located in southern Louisiana and along the Mississippi and Alabama Gulf Coast, including our Pascagoula and Venice facilities.
In October 2021, we completed and placed into service a 60 MBPD natural gasoline hydrotreater facility at our Chambers County complex along with related storage and pipeline infrastructure, which is designed to lower the sulfur content of natural gasoline.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS — Cash equivalents consist of bank time deposits, U.S. government securities money market funds and U.S. treasury bills with original maturities of three months or less. Abbott holds certain investments with a carrying value of approximately $325 million that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Investments held in a rabbi trust and investments in publicly traded equity securities are recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. Investments in equity securities that are not traded on public stock exchanges are recorded at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Investments in debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity, as management has both the intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity, and are reported at cost, net of any unamortized premium or discount. Income relating to these securities is reported as interest income. 
TRADE RECEIVABLE VALUATIONS — Accounts receivable are stated at their net realizable value. The allowance against gross trade receivables reflects the best estimate of probable losses inherent in the receivables portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, specific allowances for known troubled accounts and other currently available information. Accounts receivable are charged off after all reasonable means to collect the full amount (including litigation, where appropriate) have been exhausted. 
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT — Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The following table shows estimated useful lives of property and equipment:
