SALESFORCE INC report:
Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space, co-location data center facilities and our development and test data center, as well as leases for computer equipment, software, furniture and fixtures. As of January 31, 2023, the future non-cancelable minimum payments under these commitments were approximately $4.7 billion, with payments of $933 million due in the next 12 months and $3.8 billion due thereafter. As of January 31, 2023, we have additional operating leases that have not yet commenced totaling $0.4 billion. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. 
In addition to our leasing arrangements, we have other contractual commitments associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, including those with infrastructure service providers. Our total commitments under these agreements are $6.5 billion, of which payments of $1.1 billion are due in the next 12 months and $5.4 billion are due thereafter. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. 
During fiscal 2023 and in future fiscal years, we have made, and expect to continue to make, additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations to increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure including offices, information technology and data centers, as well as investments with infrastructure service providers, to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Texas Windstorm Insurance Association The Company participates as a member of the Texas Windstorm Insurance Association (“TWIA”), which provides wind and hail property coverage to coastal risks unable to procure coverage in the voluntary market. Wind and hail coverage is written on a TWIA-issued policy. TWIA follows a funding structure first utilizing currently available funds set aside from current and prior years. Under the current law, to the extent losses exceed premiums received from policyholders, TWIA utilizes a combination of reinsurance, TWIA issued securities, as well as member and policyholder assessments to fund loss payments. 
Texas Fair Plan Association The Company participates as a member of the Texas Fair Plan Association (“FAIR Plan”), which provides residential property insurance to inland areas designated as underserved by the Commissioner of Insurance and the applicant(s) are unable to procure coverage in the private market. The FAIR Plan issues insurance policies, like an insurance company, and it also functions as a pooling mechanism that allocates premiums, claims and expenses back to the insurance industry. Insurers are permitted to recover the assessment through either a premium surcharge applied to existing customers over a three-year period or increased rates, but the ability to fully recover the assessment may be impacted by market conditions or other factors. 
North Carolina Joint Underwriters Association The North Carolina Joint Underwriters Association (“NCJUA”) was created to provide property insurance for properties (other than the state’s beach and coastal areas) that private insurers are not otherwise willing to

BOEING CO report:
Substantially all contracts at BDS and certain contracts at BGS are long-term contracts. Our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services and the significant service of integration that we provide. 
Accounting for long-term contracts involves a judgmental process of estimating the total sales, costs, and profit for each performance obligation. Cost of sales is recognized as incurred and revenue is determined by adding a proportionate amount of the estimated profit to the amount reported as cost of sales. 
Due to the size, duration and nature of many of our long-term contracts, the estimation of total sales and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Total sales estimates are based on negotiated contract prices and quantities, modified by our assumptions regarding contract options, change orders, incentive and award provisions associated with technical performance, and price adjustment clauses (such as inflation or index-based clauses). The majority of these long-term contracts are with the U.S. government where the price is generally based on estimated cost to produce the product or service plus profit. Federal Acquisition Regulations provide guidance on the types of cost that will be reimbursed in establishing contract price. Total cost estimates are largely based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, business base and other economic projections. Factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, COVID-19 disruptions, asset utilization, and anticipated labor agreements.
