ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• a decrease of $13 million in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily resulting from a $17 million favorable settlement related to excise taxes on Rover and a $5 million decrease in employee costs due to cost-cutting initiatives, partially offset by a $4 million increase in legal and consulting fees related to an ongoing rate case and shipper bankruptcies and a $3 million increase in allocated overhead costs. 
Volumes. For the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the prior year, gathered volumes decreased primarily in the South Texas and Northeast regions, partially offset by the impact of the SemGroup acquisition in the Mid-Continent/Panhandle region and volume growth in the Ark-La-Tex and Permian regions. NGL production increased due to the impact of the SemGroup acquisition in the Mid-Continent/Panhandle region and ethane uplift in the Permian, South Texas and North Texas regions. 
• an increase of $55 million in fee-based margin due to the impact of the SemGroup acquisition in the Mid-Continent/Panhandle region and recognized $103 million related to the restructuring and assignment of certain gathering and processing contracts in the Ark-La-Tex region, which included the recognition of $75 million of deferred revenue received in prior periods. This increase was partially offset by the impact of volume declines in the South Texas region;

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We conduct substantially all of our business through EPO and are owned 100% by our limited partners from an economic perspective. Enterprise GP manages our partnership and owns a non-economic general partner interest in us. We, Enterprise GP, EPCO and Dan Duncan LLC are affiliates under the collective common control of the DD LLC Trustees and the EPCO Trustees. Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Louisiana Street, 10 th Floor, Houston, Texas 77002, our telephone number is (713) 381-6500 and our website address is www.enterpriseproducts.com . 
Like many publicly traded partnerships, we have no employees. All of our management, administrative and operating functions are performed by employees of EPCO pursuant to an administrative services agreement (the “ASA”) or by other service providers. As of February 1, 2019, there were approximately 7,000 EPCO personnel who spend all or a substantial portion of their time engaged in our business. For additional information regarding the ASA, see Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
Our integrated midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil from some of the largest supply basins in the U.S., Canada and Gulf of Mexico with domestic consumers and international markets. Our business strategy seeks to leverage this network to:

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Goodwill is allocated to our reporting units, which are our operating segments or one level below our operating segments (the component level). Reporting units are determined by the discrete financial information available for the component and whether it is regularly reviewed by segment management. Components are aggregated into a single reporting unit if they share similar economic characteristics. Our reporting units are as follows: U.S. Networks, Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific. 
We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 or earlier upon the occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization. If we believe that as a result of our qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is required. The quantitative impairment test requires significant judgment in determining the fair value of the reporting units. We determine the fair value of our reporting units by using a combination of the income approach, which incorporates the use of the discounted cash flow (“DCF”) method and the market multiple approach, which incorporates the use of EBITDA multiples based on market data. For the DCF method, we use projections specific to the reporting unit, as well as those based on general economic conditions, which require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Determining fair value specific to each reporting unit requires the Company to exercise judgment when selecting the appropriate discount rates, control premiums, terminal growth rates, assumed tax rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, including revenue growth rates and profit margins. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for each reporting unit are based on the reporting unit's budget, long range plan, and recent operating performance. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and market conditions. 
During the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting units exceeded their carrying values, except for its Asia-Pacific reporting unit. For the Asia-Pacific reporting unit, the Company then performed a quantitative step 1 impairment test, which indicated limited headroom (the excess of fair value over carrying value) of 10%.
