ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications. 
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., medical devices are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott’s medical device products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process. 
In the EU, medical devices are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which had been governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) which replaced the existing directives in the EU for medical devices and imposes additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. The MDR applies to manufacturers as of May 26, 2021 with a transition period until May 26, 2024. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the MDR.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the indefinite-life intangible assets annual impairment assessments for certain brand names is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value of the indefinite-life intangible assets for certain brand names; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates for certain brand names; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the indefinite-life intangible assets impairment assessments, including controls over the annual valuation of certain brand names. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management’s process for developing the fair value of the indefinite-life intangible assets for certain brand names; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the valuation methods; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates. Evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales and earnings growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the certain brand names; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with 
specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the Company’s valuation methods and (ii) the reasonableness of the royalty rate and discount rate significant assumptions.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Long-term financial liabilities include the Company's long-term debt, which are recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price and adjusted for unamortized discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs, and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term debt is based primarily on reported market values, recently completed market transactions, and estimates based upon interest rates, maturities, and credit. 
Receivables consist primarily of vendor, reinsurance, credit card incentive, third-party pharmacy and other receivables. Vendor receivables include discounts and volume rebates. Balances are generally presented on a gross basis, separate from any related payable due. In certain circumstances, these receivables may be settled against the related payable to that vendor, in which case the receivables are presented on a net basis. Reinsurance receivables are held by the Company’s wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and primarily represent amounts ceded through reinsurance arrangements gross of the amounts assumed under reinsurance, which are presented within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Credit card incentive receivables primarily represent amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement in the U.S. Third-party pharmacy receivables generally relate to amounts due from members’ insurers. Other receivables primarily consist of amounts due from governmental entities, mostly tax-related items. 
Receivables are recorded net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based on historical experience and application of the specific identification method. Write-offs of receivables were immaterial in 2020, 2019, and 2018.
