US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
platform, strong technology capabilities and value-added service offerings, all of which have allowed us to continue to serve our customers during these unprecedented conditions. During these difficult times, we are proactively supporting our customers by helping our restaurant and hospitality customers adapt to social distancing restrictions with tools and resources to build and manage carryout and delivery capabilities. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have developed additional innovative services, such as customer education webinars on the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”), assistance with recovery plans for location re-openings, and the creation of unique pantry kits to allow restaurants to continue servicing consumers. Our product development efforts remain in full force and we continue to deliver product innovations that resonate with our customers. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and ensuing decrease in total case volume, we have evolved our business focus and cost structure. We have taken a number of steps to secure new customer relationships and expand our market share, reduce fixed and variable operating costs on a temporary and permanent basis, and strengthen our liquidity position. We also have the ability to take further cost reduction actions on a temporary basis depending upon the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even so, there is no certainty that such measures, or any additional actions that we may take in the future, will be successful in mitigating the impact of the pandemic on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the CARES Act. The CARES Act, among other things, includes provisions relating to deferment of employer-side social security payments, net operating loss carryback periods, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations, technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property and federally backed loans to qualifying small-businesses. US Foods has benefited from certain provisions under the CARES Act and many of our customers are benefiting from the federally backed small business loan program. In addition, on December 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the “December 2020 Relief Bill”). The December 2020 Relief Bill, among other things, expands the federally backed small business loan program that was introduced as part of the CARES Act, which we expect will further benefit many of our customers. It is currently unclear if or how US Foods may indirectly benefit from the December 2020 Relief Bill, but we continue to examine the impact of the December 2020 Relief Bill on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multinational environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. We are also subject to legislation designed to reduce emissions from greenhouse gases, and many countries are considering introducing carbon taxes that could increase our production costs or those of our suppliers. 
We continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. Also refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for additional information on government regulations and currency-related impacts on our operations in the United Kingdom, Argentina and other countries. 
Mr. Van de Put became Chief Executive Officer and a director in November 2017 and became Chairman of the Board of Directors in April 2018. He formerly served as President and Chief Executive Officer of McCain Foods Limited, a multinational frozen food provider, from July 2011 to November 2017 and as its Chief Operating Officer from May 2010 to July 2011. Mr. Van de Put served as President and Chief Executive Officer, Global Over-the-Counter, Consumer Health Division of Novartis AG, a global healthcare company, from 2009 to 2010. Prior to that, he worked for 24 years in a variety of leadership positions for several global food and beverage providers, including Danone SA, The Coca-Cola Company and Mars, Incorporated.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Diagnostic Products segment’s products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
These products include a broad line of pediatric and adult nutritional products manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to consumers and to institutions, wholesalers, retailers, health care facilities, government agencies, and third-party distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers or third-party distributors.
Primary marketing efforts for nutritional products are directed toward consumers or to securing the recommendation of Abbott’s brand of products by physicians or other health care professionals. In addition, certain nutritional products sold as Similac ® , Gain™, Grow™, Eleva™, PediaSure ® , PediaSure SideKicks ® , Pedialyte ® , Ensure ® , Zone Perfect ® , and Glucerna ® are also promoted directly to the public by consumer marketing efforts in select markets where appropriate.
