COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Property and equipment are stated at cost. In general, new building additions are classified into components, each with an estimated useful life, generally five  to fifty  years for buildings and improvements and three  to twenty  years for equipment and fixtures. Depreciation and amortization expense is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives or the lease term, if shorter. Leasehold improvements made after the beginning of the initial lease term are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining term of the initial lease plus any renewals that are reasonably assured at the date the leasehold improvements are made. 
The Company capitalizes certain computer software and software development costs incurred in developing or obtaining software for internal use. During development, these costs are included in construction in 
progress. When the assets are ready for their intended use, these costs are included in equipment and fixtures and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, generally three  to seven  years.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Applying the definition of “Adjusted EPS” (1) , the adjustments made to “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income tables above as well as net earnings from divestitures; losses related to interest rate swaps; losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; initial impacts from enacted tax laws changes; gains or losses on equity method investment transactions; and our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees. We also evaluate Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. We believe Adjusted EPS provides improved comparability of underlying operating results. 
0.05 0.06 (0.01) Adjusted EPS $ 2.87   $ 2.56   $ 0.31   12.1   % Favorable currency translation (0.08) — (0.08) Adjusted EPS (constant currency) $ 2.79   $ 2.56   $ 0.23   9.0   % 
0.06 (0.01) 0.07 Adjusted EPS $ 2.56   $ 2.40   $ 0.16   6.7   % Unfavorable currency translation 0.04 — 0.04 Adjusted EPS (constant currency) $ 2.60   $ 2.40   $ 0.20   8.3   %

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. Factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of which products have been sold subject to a rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. Using historical trends, adjusted for current changes, Abbott estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when Abbott records its sale of the product. Settlement of the rebate generally occurs from one to six months after sale. Abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs. Historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income.
Other allowances charged against gross sales include cash discounts and returns, which are not significant. Cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore can be reliably estimated. Returns can be reliably estimated because Abbott's historical returns are low, and because sales return terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods. Product warranties are also not significant.
Abbott also applies judgment in determining the timing of revenue recognition related to contracts that include multiple performance obligations. The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. For goods or services for which observable standalone selling prices are not available, Abbott uses an expected cost plus a margin approach to estimate the standalone selling price of each performance obligation.
