SALESFORCE INC report:
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to identify performance obligations and allocate the transaction price to those performance obligations, including controls over determining standalone selling price. To test revenue recognized, we obtained an understanding of the Company’s various product and service offerings and evaluated management’s application of the revenue recognition accounting requirements to determine which product and service offerings were distinct. We read executed contracts for a sample of sales transactions to assess management’s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance obligations, and tested the amounts recognized as revenue or recorded in unearned revenue. To test management’s determination of relative standalone selling price for performance obligations, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the appropriateness of the methodology applied, testing mathematical accuracy of the underlying data and calculations, and testing selections to corroborate the data underlying the Company’s calculations. We also assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures in the financial statements. 
 Accounting for Business Combinations Description of the Matter As described in Note 7 to the financial statements, the Company completed several acquisitions during fiscal year 2020 for aggregate net consideration of over $16 billion. The most significant of these was the acquisition of Tableau Software, Inc. for total consideration of $14.8 billion. In connection with these acquisitions, management recognized customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets of $3.6 billion. The valuation of the customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets is complex and judgmental due to the use of subjective assumptions in the valuation models used by management when determining their estimated fair value. In particular, the fair value estimates for the acquired assets are sensitive to changes in assumptions for revenue growth, gross margin and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. 
Auditing management’s valuation of these customer relationship and developed technology intangibles is complex due to the auditor judgment required to evaluate management’s assumptions used in determining the fair value of these assets.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
USE OF ESTIMATES — The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates, income taxes, pension and other post-employment benefits, valuation of intangible assets, litigation, derivative financial instruments, and inventory and accounts receivable exposures. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION — The statements of earnings of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustment account, which is included in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
REVENUE RECOGNITION — Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms set forth in the customer contract. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for shipments in excess of a customer’s normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary. In certain of Abbott’s businesses, primarily within diagnostics, Abbott participates in selling arrangements that include multiple performance obligations (e.g., instruments, reagents, procedures, and service agreements). The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We own trademarks, patents and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However, neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark, patent or license. 
In our Agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year, since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres, and we sell and distribute products throughout the year. However, the first quarter of the year has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the North and South American oilseed harvests, as the North American harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, and the South American harvest peaks in the second quarter. Our North and South American grain merchandising and oilseed processing activities are, therefore, generally at lower levels during the first quarter. 
In our Fertilizer segment, we are subject to seasonal trends based on the South American agricultural growing cycle as farmers typically purchase the bulk of their fertilizer needs in the second half of the year.
