ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Partnership determines the fair value of its assets and/or reporting units using a discounted cash flow method, the guideline company method, the reproduction and replacement methods, or a weighted combination of these methods. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Such estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average costs of capital and future market conditions, among others. The Partnership believes the estimates and assumptions used in our business combination accounting and impairment assessments are reasonable and based on available market information, but variations in any of the assumptions could result in materially different calculations of fair value and determinations of whether or not an impairment is indicated. Under the discounted cash flow method, the Partnership determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit including estimates for capital expenditures, discounted to present value using the risk-adjusted industry rate, which reflect the overall level of inherent risk of the reporting unit. Cash flow projections are derived from one year budgeted amounts and five year operating forecasts plus an estimate of later period cash flows, all of which are evaluated by management. Subsequent period cash flows are developed for each reporting unit using growth rates that management believes are reasonably likely to occur. Under the guideline company method, the Partnership determines the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units by applying valuation multiples of comparable publicly-traded companies to each reporting unit’s 
projected EBITDA and then averaging that estimate with similar historical calculations using a multi-year average. In addition, the Partnership estimates a reasonable control premium, when appropriate, representing the incremental value that accrues to the majority owner from the opportunity to dictate the strategic and operational actions of the business. Under the reproduction and replacement methods, the Partnership determines the fair value of assets based on the estimated installation, engineering, and set-up costs related to the asset; these methods require the use of trend factors, such as inflation indices. 
One key assumption in these fair value calculations is management’s estimate of future cash flows and EBITDA. In accounting for a business combination, these estimates are generally based on the forecasts that were used to analyze the deal economics. For impairment testing, these estimates are based on the annual budget for the upcoming year and forecasted amounts for multiple subsequent years. The annual budget process is typically completed near the annual goodwill impairment testing date, and management uses the most recent information for the annual impairment tests. The forecast is also subjected to a comprehensive update annually in conjunction with the annual budget process and is revised periodically to reflect new information and/or revised expectations. The estimates of future cash flows and EBITDA are subjective in nature and are subject to impacts from the business risks described in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Therefore, the actual results could differ significantly from the amounts used for business combination accounting and impairment testing, and significant changes in fair value estimates could occur in a given period. Such changes in fair value estimates could result in changes to the fair value estimates used in business combination accounting, which could significantly impact results of operations in a period subsequent to the business combination, depending on multiple factors, including the timing of such changes. In the case of impairment testing, such changes could result in additional impairments in future periods; therefore, the actual results could differ significantly from the amounts used for goodwill impairment testing, and significant changes in fair value estimates could occur in a given period, resulting in additional impairments.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The specific, identifiable intangible assets of an acquired business depend largely upon the nature of its operations and include items such as customer relationships and contracts. The method used to value such assets depends on a number of factors, including the nature of the asset and the economic returns the asset is expected to generate.
Customer relationship intangible assets represent the estimated economic value assigned to commercial relationships acquired in connection with business combinations. In certain instances, the acquisition of these intangible assets provides us with access to customers in a defined resource basin and is analogous to having a franchise in a particular area. Efficient operation of the acquired assets (e.g., a natural gas gathering system) helps to support the commercial relationships with existing producers and provides us with opportunities to establish new ones within our existing asset footprint. The duration of this type of customer relationship is limited by the estimated economic life of the associated resource basin that supports the customer group. When estimating the economic life of a resource basin, we consider a number of factors, including reserve estimates and the economic viability of production and exploration activities.
In other situations, the acquisition of a customer relationship intangible asset provides us with access to customers whose hydrocarbon volumes are not attributable to specific resource basins. As with basin-specific customer relationships, efficient operation of the associated assets (e.g., a marine terminal that handles volumes originating from multiple sources) helps to support the commercial relationships with existing customers and provides us with opportunities to establish new ones. The duration of this type of customer relationship is typically limited to the term of the underlying service contracts, including assumed renewals.

SALESFORCE INC report:
During fiscal 2021, the Company capitalized $ 1.6 billion of costs to obtain revenue contracts and amortized $ 1.1 billion to marketing and sales expense. During fiscal 2020, the Company capitalized $ 1.1 billion of costs to obtain revenue contracts and amortized $ 0.9 billion to marketing and sales expense. During fiscal 2021 the Company offered its direct sales force a partial minimum commission guarantee that would pay the greater of actual commissions earned or a fixed amount of their variable compensation that would have otherwise been paid during the three months ended April 30, 2020 if incremental new business had not been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. As these payments were guaranteed, and not a cost to obtain a revenue contract, the amounts were immediately expensed and are reflected in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations for fiscal 2021. Costs capitalized to obtain a revenue contract, net on the Company's consolidated balance sheets totaled $ 2.9 billion as of January 31, 2021 and $ 2.3 billion as of January 31, 2020. There were no impairments of costs to obtain revenue contracts for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
The Company considers all of its marketable debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classifies these securities within current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value, with the change in unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income until realized. Fair value is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are assessed to determine what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected credit losses, as required by new accounting pronouncement, Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13 (“ASU 2016-13”), discussed in further detail below. Expected credit losses on securities are recognized in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations, and any remaining unrealized losses, net of taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity. For the purposes of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses, the cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. Interest on securities classified as available for sale is included as a component of investment income within other expense. 
Privately held equity securities which the Company does not have a controlling financial interest in but does exercise significant influence over the investee are accounted for under the equity method. Privately held equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are recorded at cost and adjusted for observable transactions for same or similar investments of the same issuer (referred to as the measurement alternative) or impairment. All gains and losses on privately held equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recorded through gains on strategic investments, net on the consolidated statement of operations. Privately held debt securities are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through comprehensive income on the consolidated balance sheet.
