WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Following a qualitative assessment indicating that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying amount, impairment of other intangible assets not subject to amortization involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Determining fair value requires the exercise of judgment about appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. (See Note 8.) 
Long-lived assets such as amortizing trademarks, customer lists, other intangible assets, and property and equipment are not required to be tested for impairment annually. Instead, long-lived assets are tested for impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, such as when the disposal of such assets is likely or there is an adverse change in the market involving the business employing the related assets. If an impairment analysis is required, the impairment test employed is based on whether the Company’s intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to hold the asset for sale. If the intent is to hold the asset for continued use, the impairment test first requires a comparison of undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, the asset would not be deemed to be recoverable. Impairment would then be measured as the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its fair value. Fair value is typically determined by discounting the future cash flows associated with that asset. If the intent is to hold the asset for sale and certain other criteria are met, the impairment test involves comparing the asset’s carrying value to its fair value less costs to sell. To the extent the carrying value is greater than the asset’s fair value less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the difference. Significant judgments used for long-lived asset impairment assessments include identifying the appropriate asset groupings and primary assets within those groupings, determining whether events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, determining the future cash flows for the assets involved and assumptions applied in determining fair value, which include reasonable discount rates, growth rates, market risk premiums and other assumptions about the economic environment. 
Equity method investments are reviewed for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis. Equity method investments are written down to fair value if there is evidence of a loss in value that is other-than-temporary. The Company may estimate the fair value of its equity method investments by considering recent investee equity transactions, discounted cash flow analysis, recent operating results, comparable public company operating cash flow multiples and in certain situations, balance sheet liquidation values. If the fair value of the investment has dropped below the carrying amount, management considers several factors when determining whether an other-than-temporary decline has occurred, such as: the length of the time and the extent to which the estimated fair value or market value has been below the carrying value, the financial condition and the near-term prospects of the investee, the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the investee for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and general market conditions. The estimation of fair value and whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred requires the application of significant judgment and future results may vary from current assumptions. If declines in the value of the equity method investments are determined to be other-than-temporary, a loss is recorded in earnings in the current period as a component of loss from equity investees, net  on the consolidated statements of operations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The primary federal law for crude oil spill liability is the OPA, which addresses three principal areas of crude oil pollution: prevention, containment and clean-up, and liability. The OPA applies to vessels, deepwater ports, offshore production platforms and onshore facilities, including terminals, pipelines and transfer facilities. In order to handle, store or transport crude oil above certain thresholds, onshore facilities are required to file oil spill response plans with the USCG, the DOT’s Office of Pipeline Safety (“OPS”) or the EPA, as appropriate. Numerous states have enacted laws similar to the OPA. Under the OPA and similar state laws, responsible parties for a regulated facility from which crude oil is discharged may be liable for remediation costs, including damage to surrounding natural resources. Any unpermitted release of petroleum or other pollutants from our pipelines or facilities could result in fines or penalties as well as significant remediation costs.
Contamination resulting from spills or releases of petroleum products is an inherent risk within the pipeline industry. To the extent that groundwater contamination requiring remediation exists along our pipeline systems or other facilities as a result of historical operations, we believe any such contamination could be controlled or remedied; however, such costs are site specific and there is no assurance that the impact will not be material in the aggregate.
Environmental groups have instituted lawsuits regarding certain nationwide permits issued by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. These permits allow for streamlined permitting of pipeline projects. If these lawsuits are successful, timelines for future pipeline construction projects could be adversely impacted.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Claims for employee health care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit exposures arising from very large losses. It uses different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary (the captive) and participates in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are not discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends. At the end of 2020 and 2019, these insurance liabilities were $ 1,188 and $ 1,222 in the aggregate, respectively, and were included in accrued salaries and benefits and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, classified based on their nature. 
The captive receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company’s premium costs in selling, general and administrative expenses, in the consolidated statements of income. The captive participates in a reinsurance program that includes other third-party participants. The reinsurance agreement is one year in duration, and new agreements are entered into by each participant at their discretion at the commencement of the next calendar year. The participant agreements and practices of the reinsurance program limit a participating members’ individual risk. Income statement adjustments related to the reinsurance program and related impacts to the consolidated balance sheets are recognized as information becomes known. In the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company retains its primary obligation to the policyholders for prior activity. 
The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business. It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of fluctuations of foreign exchange on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company’s international subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. Some of these contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features that require settlement of outstanding contracts upon certain triggering events. The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments in a net liability position and the amount needed to settle the instruments immediately if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered were immaterial at the end of 2020 and 2019. The aggregate notional amounts of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were $ 1,036 and $ 704 at the end of 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Note 4 for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts at the end of 2020 and 2019.
