SALESFORCE INC report:
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 
• empowering developers and business users to create digital experiences with modern, low-code tools powered by leading-edge AI and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; 
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings, providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities:

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Additionally, the cost of transmitters provided to customers that use Abbott’s remote monitoring service with respect to certain medical devices are capitalized as contract costs. Capitalized transmitter costs are amortized based on the timing of the transfer of services to which the assets relate, which typically ranges from eight to ten years . The amounts as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 were not significant.
Abbott discloses Trade receivables separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at the net amount expected to be collected. Contract assets primarily relate to Abbott’s conditional right to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date. Contract assets at the beginning and end of the period, as well as the changes in the balance, were not significant.
Contract liabilities primarily relate to payments received from customers in advance of performance under the contract. Abbott’s contract liabilities arise primarily in the Medical Devices reportable segment when payment is received upfront for various multi-period extended service arrangements. Changes in the contract liabilities during the period are as follows:

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our brands in Brazil include Suprema, Soberana, Primor and Predileta wheat flours, Gradina and Pre-Mescla bakery premixes and Ricca confectioner cream. Our wheat flour and bakery mix brands in Mexico include Espiga, Espiga Mix, Villa Rica, Cuauhtemoc, San Vicente, Manitoba and Escudo Plus . Our corn milling products primarily consist of dry-milled corn meals and flours, wet-milled masa and flours, flaking and brewers' grits, as well as soy-fortified corn meal, corn-soy blends, and other similar products. As part of our corn portfolio, we also sell whole grain and fiber ingredients. In the United States, we offer ancient grains, such as quinoa and millet, in our portfolio. We also produce a range of extruded products including die-cut pellets for the snack food industry. Additionally, we offer non-GMO products in the United States, including corn varieties. 
Customers —The primary customers for our wheat milling products are food processing, bakery and food service companies. The primary customers for our corn milling products are companies in the food-processing sector, such as cereal, snack, bakery and brewing companies, as well as the U.S. Government under its humanitarian assistance programs. 
Competition —Competition is based on a variety of factors, including price, raw material procurement, brand recognition, product quality, nutritional profile, dietary trends and distribution capabilities. In Brazil, our major competitors are M. Dias Branco, J. Macedo and Moinho Anaconda, as well as many small regional producers. Our major competitors in Mexico include Elizondo Agroalimentos, S.A. de C.V., Harinera Anáhuac, S.A. de C.V., Molinera de México S.A. de C.V., and Grupo Trimex S.A. Our major competitors in North American corn milling include Cargill, Didion Inc., SEMO Milling, LLC, Life Line Foods, LLC and Gruma S.A.B. de C.V.
