ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our ATEX Pipeline decreased $10.6 million year-to-year primarily due to a 3 MBPD decrease in transportation volumes, which accounted for a $5.3 million decrease, and higher operating costs, which accounted for an additional $3.4 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our South Texas NGL Pipeline System increased $13.6 million year-to-year primarily due to higher pipeline capacity fee revenues. Transportation volumes on our South Texas NGL Pipeline System decreased 7 MBPD year-to-year.
Gross operating margin from our Chambers County NGL fractionation complex increased a net $196.3 million year-to-year. This increase was primarily due to higher fractionation volumes, which accounted for a $151.1 million increase, and higher ancillary service revenues, which accounted for an additional $59.4 million increase, partially offset by higher operating costs, which accounted for a $136.8 million decrease. NGL fractionation volumes at our Chambers County NGL fractionation complex, which includes the average daily operating rates for newly constructed assets from the time the asset was placed into service, decreased 55 MBPD year-to-year (net to our interest). While the average daily operating rate for our Chambers County NGL fractionation complex decreased year-to-year, total NGL fractionation volumes increased primarily due to a full period of contributions from Frac X and Frac XI, which entered service in late March 2020 and September 2020, respectively.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Discovery considers the Exchange of the Series A convertible preferred stock for Series A-1 convertible preferred stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock to be a modification to the conversion option of the Series A convertible preferred stock. Previously, conversion of Series A preferred stock required simultaneous conversion into Series A common stock and Series C common stock. The Exchange, however, allows for the independent conversion of the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock into Series C common stock without the conversion of Series A-1 convertible preferred stock. Advance/Newhouse’s aggregate voting, economic and preferred rights before the Exchange are equal to its aggregate voting, economic and preferred rights after the Exchange. 
Discovery valued the securities immediately prior to and immediately after the Exchange and determined that the Exchange increased the fair value of Advance/Newhouse’s preferred stock by $35 million from $3.340 billion to $3.375 billion , or 1.05% , which was not considered significant in the context of the total value of the Company's preferred stock. On the basis of the qualitative and quantitative factors noted above, Discovery does not believe the Exchange is considered significant and does not reflect an extinguishment of the previously issued preferred stock for accounting purposes. Accordingly, Discovery has accounted for the exchange of the previously issued preferred stock as a modification, which is measured as the increase in fair value of the preferred stock held by Advance/Newhouse, or $35 million . 
In connection with the Exchange Agreement, Advance/Newhouse also entered into the Advance/Newhouse Voting Agreement. The Advance/Newhouse Voting Agreement requires that Advance/Newhouse vote its shares of Discovery Series A-1 convertible preferred stock to approve the issuance of shares of Series C common stock in connection with the Scripps Networks acquisition as contemplated by the Merger Agreement. As the $35 million of incremental value was transferred to Advance/Newhouse in exchange for consent with respect to the Scripps Networks acquisition, the Company determined that the incremental amount should be expensed as acquisition transaction costs, which are reported as a component of selling, general and administrative expense.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our 2025 sustainability goals are designed to make a meaningful impact on how we address climate change and are based on an end-to-end, science-based approach to reducing our carbon footprint, including reducing our absolute CO 2 emissions from manufacturing and addressing deforestation in key raw material supply chains. We are also working to cut our absolute water footprint in manufacturing, focusing on priority sites where water is most scarce. We continue to work on reducing waste in manufacturing and packaging. 
In ingredient sourcing, we continue to leverage our global operating scale to secure sustainable raw materials and work with suppliers to drive meaningful social and environmental changes, focusing where we can make the greatest impact. For example, we launched our Cocoa Life program in 2012 and are investing up to $400 million through 2022 to build a sustainable cocoa supply. We are also improving sustainability in our wheat supply by working with farmers in North America and through our Harmony program in Europe. 
We are focused on consumer well-being. Our mindful snacking strategy aligns with our purpose to empower people to snack right. Continuing to evolve our portfolio so that we are offering a broad range of high-quality snacks to meet consumers' expanding needs is central to our strategy of accelerating our growth. At the same time, we are working to empower and encourage consumers to snack mindfully with portion control offerings and labeling. Expanding our portion control options – snacks that are 200 calories or less and are individually wrapped – enables people to enjoy the treats they love, become more mindful about what they eat and manage their daily calorie intake.
