WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
After the impairment charge was recorded, the carrying value of remaining goodwill assigned to the European reporting unit was $ 1.1 billion and the net assets of the reporting unit were approximately $ 2.7 billion , which resulted in $ 1.2 billion headroom based on the estimated fair value of $ 3.9 billion . The determination of fair value of the Company's DNI-Europe reporting unit represented a Level 3 fair value measurement in the fair value hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. Changes in significant judgments and estimates could significantly impact the concluded fair value of the reporting unit or the valuation of intangible assets. The goodwill impairment charge did not have an impact on the calculation of the Company's financial covenants under the Company's debt arrangements. 
(a) As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-02, capital lease obligations totaling $ 252 million as of December 31, 2018 (known as finance lease liabilities effective January 1, 2019 ) were reclassified from current and noncurrent debt to components of "Accrued liabilities" and "Other noncurrent liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheet to conform with the new presentation. (See Note 2 and Note 9.) 
In 2019 , Discovery Communications, LLC (“DCL”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued $ 750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2029 and $ 750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.300 % senior notes due 2049. The proceeds received by DCL were net of a $ 6 million issuance discount and $ 12 million of debt issuance costs. These notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and Scripps Networks. DCL used the proceeds from the offering to redeem and repurchase approximately $ 1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of DCL's and Scripps Networks' 2.750 % senior notes due 2019 and 5.050 % senior notes due 2020. The redemptions and repurchase resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $ 23 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 , which is presented as a separate line item on the Company's consolidated statements of operations and recognized as a component of financing cash outflows on the consolidated statements of cash flows. The loss included $ 20 million of net premiums to par value and $ 3 million of other non-cash charges.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
From time to time, we grant third parties licenses to use one or more of our trademarks, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets in connection with the manufacture, sale or distribution of third party products. Similarly, we sell some products under brands, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets we license from third parties. In our agreement with Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (“Kraft Foods Group,” which is now part of The Kraft Heinz Company), we each granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and their respective intellectual property rights in named jurisdictions following the spin-off of our North American grocery business. 
We pursue four objectives in research and development: product safety and quality, growth through new products, superior consumer satisfaction and reduced costs. Our innovation efforts focus on anticipating consumer demands and adapting quickly to changing market trends. Well-being and healthy snacking are a significant focus of our current research and development initiatives. These initiatives aim to accelerate our growth and margins by addressing consumer needs and market trends and leveraging scalable innovation platforms and breakthrough technologies. We are in the process of completing a $65 million plan to build out and modernize our network of global research and development facilities. We celebrated the official opening of our Wroclaw, Poland technical center in 2017, and during 2018 we completed the modernization at the technical centers located at Suzhou, China; Jurong, Singapore and Thane, India. We are focusing our technical resources at eleven large locations to drive growth and innovation. Our network of technical centers enable greater effectiveness, improved efficiency and accelerated project delivery. These locations are in Curitiba, Brazil; Suzhou, China; Thane, India; Mexico City, Mexico; East Hanover, New Jersey; Wroclaw, Poland; Jurong, Singapore; Bournville, United Kingdom; Reading, United Kingdom; Saclay, France and Munich, Germany. 
At December 31, 2018 , we had approximately 2,400 scientists and engineers, of which 1,800 are primarily focused on research and development and the remainder are primarily focused on quality assurance and regulatory affairs. Our research and development expense was $362 million in 2018 , $366 million in 2017 and $376 million in 2016 .

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• We also own a 51% membership interest in Aqua – ETC Water Solutions LLC, a joint venture that transports and supplies fresh water to natural gas producers drilling in the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania. 
• We own a 75% membership interest in ORS. On behalf of ORS, we operate its Ohio Utica River System, which consists of 47 miles of 36-inch, 13 miles of 30-inch and 3 miles of 24-inch gathering trunklines, that delivers up to 3.6 Bcf/d to Rockies Express Pipeline, Texas Eastern Transmission, Leach Xpress, Rover and DEO TPL-18. 
 Description of Assets Miles of Liquids Pipeline NGL Fractionation / Processing Capacity (MBbls/d) Working Storage Capacity (MBbls) Liquids Pipelines: Lone Star Express 900 — — West Texas Gateway Pipeline 510 — — Energy Transfer GC NGL 1,500 — — Mariner East 910 — — Mariner South 70 — — Mariner West 400 — — White Cliffs Pipeline (1)
