ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Fluctuations in our expenditures for growth capital projects and investments in unconsolidated affiliates are explained in large part by increases or decreases in spending on major expansion projects. Our most significant growth capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2018 involved projects at our Mont Belvieu complex, Houston and Beaumont terminals, as well as projects to support crude oil, natural gas and NGL production from the Permian Basin. Fluctuations in expenditures for sustaining capital projects are explained in large part by the timing and cost of pipeline integrity and similar projects. 
Investments in growth capital projects supporting Permian Basin production increased $773.0 million year-to-year primarily due to increased expenditures for (i) the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline, which accounted for $839.1 million of the increase, (ii) conversion of a portion of our Seminole NGL Pipeline system to crude oil service (the Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline System), which accounted for an additional $223.4 million increase, partially offset by (iii) a $520.1 million 
Investments in growth capital projects to expand and support export activities at EHT increased $161.9 million year-to-year. Additionally, investments in projects that expand our refined products handling capabilities at the Beaumont marine terminal increased $93.9 million year-to-year.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We operate globally across industries that are highly fragmented with numerous competitors. Our competitors range in size and complexity from large multinational corporations, principally major oil producers, which have significantly greater capital resources than us, to relatively small and specialized firms. In our fuel distribution activities, we compete with major oil producers that market fuel directly to the large commercial airlines, shipping companies and petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market as well as fuel resellers. We compete, among other things, on the basis of service, convenience, reliability, availability of trade credit and price. We believe that our extensive market knowledge, worldwide footprint, logistics expertise and support, the use of price risk management offerings, and value-added benefits, including single-supplier convenience, fuel quality control and fuel procurement outsourcing, give us the ability to compete within those markets. 
Our operating results are subject to seasonal variability. Our seasonality results from numerous factors, including traditionally higher demand for natural gas and home heating oil during the winter months and aviation and land fuel during the summer months, as well as other seasonal weather patterns. As such, our results of operations may fluctuate from period to period. 
Our business activities are subject to substantial regulation by federal, state and local government agencies, inside and outside of the U.S., which enforce laws and regulations governing the transportation, sale, storage and disposal of fuel and the collection, transportation, processing, storage, use and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including waste oil and petroleum products. For example, U.S. federal and state environmental laws applicable to us include statutes that: (i) allocate the cost of remedying contamination among specifically identified parties and prevent future contamination; (ii) impose national ambient standards and, in some cases, emission standards, for air pollutants that present a risk to public health or welfare; (iii) govern the management, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes; and (iv) regulate the discharge of pollutants into waterways. International treaties also prohibit the discharge of petroleum products at sea. Compliance with existing and future laws that regulate the delivery of fuel by barge, truck, vessel pipeline or car; fuel storage terminals or underground storage tanks that we own, lease or operate; or the quality of product under our control may require significant capital expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs, particularly as we acquire businesses with more physical assets. The penalties for violations of environmental laws include injunctive relief; administrative, civil or criminal penalties; recovery of damages for injury to air, water or property; and third-party damages. Some environmental laws may also impose strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances, which could subject us to liability without regard to whether we were negligent or at fault. See “Item 1A – Risk Factors,” and “Item 3 – Legal Proceedings.”

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
See Note 9, Financial Instruments , for information on the gain/loss related to U.S. dollar interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges during 2018 and 2016 and for information on the $ 120 million of other income recorded in 2018 relating to our new net investment hedges and amounts excluded from hedge effectiveness. See Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies , for information on the $ 59 million of other income recorded in 2017 in connection with the resolution of a Brazilian indirect tax matter and the reversal of related accrued interest. 
Net investment hedge contracts consist of cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward contracts. We also designate some of our non-U.S. dollar denominated debt to hedge a portion of our net investments in our non-U.S. operations. This debt is not reflected in the table above, but is included in long-term debt discussed in Note 8, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements . Both net investment hedge derivative contracts and non-U.S. dollar denominated debt acting as net investment hedges are also disclosed in the Derivative Volume table and the Hedges of Net Investments in International Operations section appearing later in this footnote. 
Derivatives designated as accounting hedges have included cash flow, fair value and net investment hedge derivative contracts. Our economic hedges are derivatives not designated as accounting hedges. We record derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our asset derivatives is recorded within other current assets and the fair value of our liability derivatives is recorded within other current liabilities.
