ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Cardiac Rhythm Management — Development of next-generation rhythm management technologies, including enhanced patient engagement and expanded magnetic resonance (MR)-compatibility. • Heart Failure — Continued enhancements to Abbott's left ventricular assist systems and pulmonary artery heart failure system, including enhanced connectivity, user-interfaces and remote patient monitoring. • Electrophysiology — Development of next-generation technologies in the areas of ablation, diagnostic, mapping and visualization and recording and monitoring. • Vascular — Development of next-generation technologies for use in coronary and peripheral vascular procedures. • Structural Heart — Development of minimally-invasive devices for the repair and replacement of heart valves and other structural heart conditions. • Neuromodulation — Development of next-generation technologies with enhanced patient and physician engagement and expanded MR-compatibility to treat chronic pain, movement disorders and other indications. Diabetes Care — Develop enhancements and additional indications for the FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring system to help patients improve their ability to manage diabetes. 
Core Laboratory Diagnostics — Abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry and hematology systems, along with assays, including a focus on unmet medical need, in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, as well as informatics and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories. 
Nutritionals — Abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric and adult nutrition areas: gastro intestinal/immunity health, brain health, mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. Numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), increased in our U.S. segment, due to a smaller LIFO charge and increases in core merchandise categories, primarily foods and sundries, partially offset by the charges related to the discontinuation of our charter shipping activities discussed above and warehouse ancillary and other businesses. Gross margin percentage increased in our Canada segment, attributable to increases in core merchandise categories and warehouse ancillary and other businesses. Our Other International gross margin percentage decreased, largely due to decreases in core merchandise categories, partially offset by warehouse ancillary and other businesses. All segments were negatively impacted by increased 2% rewards. 
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 20 basis points compared to 2022. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation was 9.02%, an increase of 14 basis points. The comparison to last year was negatively impacted by 16 basis points in warehouse operations and other businesses, largely driven by wage increases effective in March and July 2022, and March 2023, as well as lower sales growth. Central operating costs were also higher by six basis points. SG&A was positively impacted by eight basis points due to the prior year's write-off of information technology assets and a charge related to granting our employees additional vacation. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar decreased SG&A expenses by approximately $281 compared to 2022, attributable to our Canadian and Other International Operations. 
Interest expense is primarily related to Senior Notes and financing leases. For more information on our debt arrangements, refer to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding and strengthening our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace or sold directly by software vendors. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries, offer a variety of solutions natively and through the AppExchange and address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
Promoting strong customer adoption and reducing customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation, as well as customer success programs including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and accelerate digital transformation. With these resources and our customer success programs, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions prior to the end of their contractual terms. 
We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Customer 360 Platform. These evaluations resulted in our acquisition of several companies in recent years, notably our acquisition of Vlocity in fiscal 2021, which expanded our industry-specific cloud and mobile software solutions, and our pending acquisition of Slack.
