SALESFORCE INC report:
Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve month basis as of the end of each month. As of January 31, 2020, our attrition rate, excluding Commerce Cloud, Integration Cloud, Salesforce.org and Tableau, was less than nine percent. Our attrition rate for fiscal 2020 benefited, in part, from the ongoing shift in our business mix to enterprise and international markets which have longer customer contract term durations. In general, we exclude service offerings from acquisitions from our attrition calculation until fully integrated into our customer success organization. While it is difficult to predict, we expect our attrition rate to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. 
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. The increase in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to the higher demand for services from an increased number of customers. 
Subscription and support revenues from Quip Collaboration Platform were not significant in fiscal 2020 and 2019. Our Industry Offerings revenue is included in either Sales Cloud, Service Cloud or Salesforce Platform and Other depending on the primary service offering purchased. Integration and Analytics revenues are included in Salesforce Platform and Other. The acquisition of Tableau in August 2019 contributed approximately $652 million to Salesforce Platform and Other.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Our finance lease obligations, including purchase options that are reasonably certain to be exercised, relate primarily to leases on aircraft and real estate. These obligations, together with our obligations under operating leases are set out in note 12 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. 
Under provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"), we elected to pay a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries over eight years through 2025. Additionally, we have uncertain tax positions that are further discussed in note 16 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. 
See note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of pension related matters and note 11 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of judicial proceedings and other matters arising from the conduct of our business activities.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. These products are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, these products are generally marketed and sold directly to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, and physicians' offices from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. 
• rhythm management products, including Assurity MRI® and Endurity MRI® pacemaker systems; Ellipse® and Fortify Assura® implantable cardioverter defibrillators and Quadra Assura MP® implantable cardioverter defibrillator with cardiac resynchronization therapy and MultiPoint® Pacing technology; • electrophysiology products, including the TactiCath® family of ablation catheters and FlexAbility® irrigated ablation catheters; Ampere® RF ablation generator; and EnSite Precision® cardiac 3 
• heart failure related products, including the HeartMate™ left ventricular device family and the CardioMEMS® HF System pulmonary artery sensor, a heart failure monitoring system; • vascular products, including the XIENCE™ family of drug-eluting coronary stent systems developed on the Multi-Link Vision® platform; StarClose SE® and Perclose ProGlide® vessel closure devices, TREK® coronary balloon dilatation products, Hi-Torque Balance Middleweight Universal II® guidewires, Supera® Peripheral Stent System, a peripheral vascular stent system; Acculink®/Accunet® and Xact®/Emboshield NAV6®, carotid stent systems; and the OPTIS® integrated system with the Dragonfly OPTIS® imaging catheter and PressureWire® fractional flow reserve measurement systems; • structural heart products, including MitraClip®, a percutaneous mitral valve repair system; Trifecta® Valve with Glide™ Technology, a surgical tissue heart valve; Portico® transcatheter aortic heart valve, Regent™ mechanical heart valve, and AMPLATZER® PFO occluders; and • neuromodulation products, including spinal cord stimulators Proclaim™ Elite Recharge-free IPG and Prodigy MRI® IPG, both with BurstDR® stimulation, and Proclaim® DRG IPG, a neurostimulation device designed for dorsal root ganglion therapy, for the treatment of chronic pain disorders; and the Infinity® Deep Brain Stimulation System with directional lead technology for the treatment of movement disorders. The Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment's products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, product performance, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.
