ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — The fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards and units are amortized over their requisite service period, which could be shorter than the vesting period if an employee is retirement eligible, with a charge to compensation expense.
LITIGATION — Abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) No. 450, “Contingencies.” Under ASC No. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management’s best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. Legal fees are recorded as incurred.
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS — Cash equivalents consist of bank time deposits, U.S. government securities, money market funds and U.S. treasury bills with original maturities of three months or less. Abbott holds certain investments with a carrying value of $ 256 million that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Investments held in a rabbi trust and investments in publicly traded equity securities are recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. Investments in equity securities that are not traded on public stock exchanges are recorded at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our leases may include options to extend or terminate the lease, which are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Many of our leases contain non-lease components (e.g. product costs, common-area or other maintenance costs) that relate to the lease components of the agreement. We account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. 
Amortization of ROU lease assets is calculated over the lease term with the expense recorded in cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses depending on the nature of the leased item. Interest expense is recorded over the lease term and is recorded in interest expense (based on a front-loaded interest expense pattern) for finance leases and is recorded in cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses for operating leases. Variable lease payments, which are primarily comprised of product costs, insurance and tax payments based on usage or output, are recognized when the expense is incurred. Finance lease ROU assets are presented in property, plant and equipment and the related finance lease liabilities are presented in the current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt. 
We capitalize certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use. Capitalized software costs are included in property, plant and equipment and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, which do not exceed seven years .

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The U.S. Department of Transportation and its agencies, the Surface Transportation Board, the Federal Highway Administration, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, regulate our fleet operations through the regulation of operations, safety, insurance and hazardous materials. We must comply with the regulations promulgated by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, including those relating to drug and alcohol testing and hours of service for our drivers. Matters such as weight and dimension of equipment also fall under U.S. federal and state regulations. 
Our operations are subject to a broad range of U.S. federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations, as well as zoning and building regulations. Environmental laws and regulations cover a variety of procedures, including appropriately managing wastewater and stormwater; complying with clean air laws, including those governing vehicle emissions; properly handling and disposing of solid and hazardous wastes; protecting against and appropriately investigating and remediating spills and releases; and monitoring and maintaining underground and aboveground storage tanks for diesel fuel and other petroleum products. 
Because we are organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and our principal place of business is in the U.S., we are considered a “domestic concern” under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and are covered by its anti-bribery provisions.
