ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to certain risks. For information regarding such risks, see “Risk Factors” included under Part I, Item 1A of this annual report. In addition, our business activities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing a wide variety of topics, including commercial, operational, environmental, safety and other matters. For a discussion of the principal effects of such laws and regulations on our business activities, see “Regulatory Matters” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion.
For detailed financial information regarding our business segments, including major customer information, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
This business segment includes our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities, NGL pipelines, NGL fractionation facilities, NGL and related product storage facilities, and NGL marine terminals.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income decreased $152 million (44.6%), primarily due to higher raw material costs, unfavorable volume/mix, unfavorable currency, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of lapping the expense of VAT-related settlements in 2019) and an unfavorable change in remeasurement of net monetary position in Argentina (remeasurement loss in 2020 as compared to a remeasurement gain in 2019). These unfavorable items were partially offset by higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs (net of incremental COVID-19 related costs), lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and higher benefits from the resolution of a tax matters. 
Net revenues decreased $184 million (5.7%), due to unfavorable currency (13.5 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (2.1 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (9.9 pp). Unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Argentinean peso and Brazilian real. Unfavorable volume/mix was due to the impact of pricing-related elasticity, and was driven by declines in refreshment beverages, candy, cheese & grocery and chocolate, partially offset by gains in biscuits and gum. Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. 
Segment operating income decreased $69 million (16.8%), primarily due to higher raw material costs, unfavorable currency, unfavorable volume/mix, the lapping of the 2018 benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian indirect tax matter of $26 million, higher manufacturing costs and higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (including lapping the benefit from a VAT-related settlement in 2018 and the expense of a VAT-related settlement in 2019). These unfavorable items were partially offset by higher net pricing, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, favorable change in remeasurement of net monetary position in Argentina (remeasurement gain in 2019 as compared to a remeasurement loss in 2018) and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We operate globally across industries that are highly fragmented with numerous competitors. Our competitors range in size and complexity from large multinational corporations, principally major oil producers, which have significantly greater capital resources than us, to relatively small and specialized firms. In our fuel distribution activities, we compete with major oil producers that market fuel directly to the large commercial airlines, shipping companies and petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market as well as fuel resellers. We compete, among other things, on the basis of service, convenience, reliability, availability of trade credit and price. We believe that our extensive market knowledge, worldwide footprint, logistics expertise and support, the use of price risk management offerings, and value-added benefits, including single-supplier convenience, fuel quality control and fuel procurement outsourcing, give us the ability to compete within those markets. 
Our operating results are subject to seasonal variability. Our seasonality results from numerous factors, including traditionally higher demand for natural gas and home heating oil during the winter months and aviation and land fuel during the summer months, as well as other seasonal weather patterns. As such, our results of operations may fluctuate from period to period. 
Our business activities are subject to substantial regulation by federal, state and local government agencies, inside and outside of the U.S., which enforce laws and regulations governing the transportation, sale, storage and disposal of fuel and the collection, transportation, processing, storage, use and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including waste oil and petroleum products. For example, U.S. federal and state environmental laws applicable to us include statutes that: (i) allocate the cost of remedying contamination among specifically identified parties and prevent future contamination; (ii) impose national ambient standards and, in some cases, emission standards, for air pollutants that present a risk to public health or welfare; (iii) govern the management, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes; and (iv) regulate the discharge of pollutants into waterways. International treaties also prohibit the discharge of petroleum products at sea. Compliance with existing and future laws that regulate the delivery of fuel by barge, truck, vessel pipeline or car; fuel storage terminals or underground storage tanks that we own, lease or operate; or the quality of product under our control may require significant capital expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs, particularly as we acquire businesses with more physical assets. The penalties for violations of environmental laws include injunctive relief; administrative, civil or criminal penalties; recovery of damages for injury to air, water or property; and third-party damages. Some environmental laws may also impose strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances, which could subject us to liability without regard to whether we were negligent or at fault. See “Item 1A – Risk Factors,” and “Item 3 – Legal Proceedings.”
