COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Claims for employee health-care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. We use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims. While we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. Historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. 
Our exposure to financial market risk results from fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions or hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment holdings that are diversified among various instruments considered to be cash equivalents, as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report, as well as short-term investments in government and agency securities with effective maturities of generally three months to five years at the date of purchase. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and secondarily to generate yields. The majority of our short-term investments are in fixed interest-rate securities. These securities are subject to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
As a publicly traded partnership, we electronically file certain documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). We file annual reports on Form 10-K; quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and current reports on Form 8-K (as appropriate); along with any related amendments and supplements thereto. Occasionally, we may also file registration statements and related documents in connection with equity or debt offerings. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC.
We provide free electronic access to our periodic and current reports on our website, www.enterpriseproducts.com . These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish such materials to, the SEC. You may also contact our Investor Relations department at (866) 230-0745 for paper copies of these reports free of charge. The information found on our website is not incorporated into this annual report.
We may be named as defendants in legal proceedings in connection with our normal business activities. Although we are insured against various risks to the extent we believe it is prudent, there is no assurance that the nature and amount of such insurance will be adequate, in every case, to fully indemnify us against losses arising from legal proceedings. We will vigorously defend our partnership in litigation matters.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• In addition to pan-European rights, Eurosport invests in exclusive and localized rights to drive local audience and commercial relevance. Important local sports rights include soccer leagues such as Allsvenskan and European Europa League in Sweden, Lega Basket basketball in Italy, and year-round ATP World Tour tennis in France, Czech Republic, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia, Slovakia, and Sweden. 
• discovery+ became the streaming home of the Olympics, the only place to watch all the Olympics in the European markets where the service had launched, while Eurosport Player remained the lead destination in other markets. 
• Discovery Sports Events is the Discovery-owned event management division that oversees events across five continents. Previously known as Eurosport Events, it acts as the global promoter and commercial rights-holder for six global Championships under long-term relationships with some of the world’s leading governing bodies and event owners. It promotes the World Touring Car Cup – Fédération Internationale de Automobile (“FIA”) and the FIA eTouring World Cup, the world’s first all-electric touring car championship. Launching in 2023, it will also promote the FIA Electric GT Championship, a new long-term platform for manufacturers to showcase their flagship GT cars and innovative technologies. In 2021, the group launched the Union Cycliste Internationale Track Champions League, a new series in a new 10-year alliance with Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme that will promote Speedway events globally.
