ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
At December 31, 2019, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $23.2 billion. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. The results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value.
Net cash from operating activities amounted to $6.1 billion, $6.3 billion and $5.6 billion in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The decrease in Net cash from operating activities in 2019 was primarily due to an increased investment in working capital, timing of pension contributions relative to 2018 and higher income tax payments, partially offset by the favorable cash flow impact of improved segment operating earnings and lower interest and acquisition-related expenses. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2018 was primarily due to higher segment operating earnings, continued improvements in working capital management, timing of pension contributions and lower acquisition-related expenses. The income tax component of cash from operating activities in 2018 includes the non-cash impact of the $120 million adjustment to the transition tax associated with the TCJA. The income tax component of operating cash flow in 2017 includes the non-cash impact of $1.46 billion of net tax expense related to the estimated impact of the TCJA.
While a significant portion of Abbott’s cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2019, are reinvested in foreign subsidiaries, Abbott does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. Due to the enactment of the TCJA, if these funds were needed for operations in the U.S., Abbott does not expect to incur significant additional income taxes in the future to repatriate these funds.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. See Note 15- Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements. 
Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1- Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries is their local currency. The determination of functional currency may require significant judgment to identify the currency of the primary economic environment in which a subsidiary operates. This may include an evaluation of a number of economic factors including, cash flow, sales price, sales market, expense, and financing indicators, as well, as the extent of the subsidiary’s intra-entity transactions. However, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, if a foreign entity's economy is determined to be highly inflationary, then such foreign entity's financial statements are remeasured as if the functional currency were the reporting currency.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Today, global challenges require businesses to digitally transform while leveraging customer data to become more responsive, resilient and efficient. Companies also have to rethink and reshape everything about how and where their employees work. We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for a digital-first customer, employee, and partner experience and connect with their customers through digital channels. 
Our industry-leading AI-powered Customer 360 platform spans sales, service, marketing, commerce and more. It empowers our customers to work together, from anywhere, to deliver seamless, connected experiences for their customers. Our customers can select from our integrated Customer 360 solutions for any team, in any industry and for companies of any size, to get a single source of truth and complete view of their customers. 
Sales. Sales empowers sales teams of companies of every size and industry to manage and automate their entire sales process from leads to opportunities to billing, allowing them to sell faster, smarter and in the way they want. Our customers use our Sales offering to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast opportunities, gain insights through analytics and relationship intelligence and deliver quotes, contracts and invoices. Our Sales offering enables teams to work from anywhere in the office, on the go or at home and support the changing expectations of customers in a digital-first world.
