ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We expect our subsidiaries to utilize their resources, along with cash from their operations, to fund their announced growth capital expenditures and working capital needs; however, Energy Transfer may issue debt or equity securities from time to time as we deem prudent to provide liquidity for new capital projects of our subsidiaries or for other partnership purposes. 
Our primary objective is to increase the level of our distributable cash flow to our Unitholders over time by pursuing a business strategy that is currently focused on growing our subsidiaries’ natural gas and liquids businesses through, among other things, pursuing certain construction and expansion opportunities relating to our subsidiaries’ existing infrastructure and acquiring certain strategic operations and businesses or assets. The actual amounts of cash that we will have available for distribution will primarily depend on the amount of cash our subsidiaries generate from their operations. 
On September 13, 2022, Energy Transfer completed the acquisition of 100% of the membership interests in Woodford Express, LLC, which owns a mid-continent gas gathering and processing system, for approximately $485 million plus working capital. The system, which is located in the heart of the SCOOP play, has 450 MMcf/d of cryogenic gas processing and treating capacity and over 200 miles of gathering lines, which are connected to Energy Transfer’s pipeline network. Woodford Express, LLC repaid aggregate principal of $292 million on its revolving credit facility and term loan on the closing date of the acquisition, which amount is included in the total consideration.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The balances as of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 included $ 420 million, $ 348 million and $ 375 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would reduce the Company’s income tax expense and effective tax rate after giving effect to interest deductions and offsetting benefits from other tax jurisdictions. For the year ended December 31, 2021, increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to the uncertainty of allocation and taxation of income among multiple jurisdictions partially offset by multiple audit resolutions and the lapse of statutes of limitations. 
The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service for its 2012 to 2019 consolidated federal income tax returns. It is difficult to predict the final outcome or timing of resolution of any particular tax matter. Accordingly, an estimate of any related impact to the reserve for uncertain tax positions cannot currently be determined. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to audit by any jurisdiction for years prior to 2006. Adjustments that arose from the completion of audits for certain tax years have been included in the change in uncertain tax positions in the table above. 
It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to certain of the Company's uncertain tax positions could decrease by as much as $ 125 million within the next twelve months as a result of ongoing audits, foreign judicial proceedings, lapses of statutes of limitations or regulatory developments.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multinational environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. We are also subject to legislation designed to reduce emissions from greenhouse gases, and many countries are considering introducing carbon taxes that could increase our production costs or those of our suppliers. 
We continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. Also refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for additional information on government regulations and currency-related impacts on our operations in the United Kingdom, Argentina and other countries. 
 Name Age Title Dirk Van de Put 61 Chief Executive Officer Luca Zaramella 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Paulette Alviti 51 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer Maurizio Brusadelli 53 Executive Vice President and President, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa Vinzenz P. Gruber 56 Executive Vice President and President, Europe Robin S. Hargrove 56
