WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated   financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated   financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audits of the consolidated   financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated   financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated   financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We have long-term purchase commitments for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products. For additional information regarding these commitments, see Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.In the aggregate, the fair value of our commodity hedging portfolios at December 31, 2018 was a net derivative asset of $58.8 million prior to the impact of CME Rule 814. This amount is comprised of $118.8 million of net deferred hedge gains attributable to cash flow hedges partially offset by aggregate net unrealized losses of $60.0 million attributable to fair value hedges and mark-to-market derivative instruments. The following table reflects how the net unrealized loss at December 31, 2018 will impact future earnings in the periods indicated (dollars in millions): 
As the unrealized mark-to-market gains attributable to the financial hedges are recognized in earnings, the corresponding actual losses on the financial hedges and related gains on the physical transactions will be simultaneously realized. 
We may utilize interest rate swaps, forward starting swaps and similar derivative instruments to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates charged on borrowings under certain consolidated debt agreements. This strategy may be used in controlling our overall cost of capital associated with such borrowings. The composition of our derivative instrument portfolios may change depending on our hedging requirements. We have no interest rate hedging instruments outstanding as of the filing date of this annual report.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
For U.S. income tax purposes only, the Company has determined that 100% of the distributions paid to its shareholders in 2022 are characterized as a qualified dividend paid from U.S. earnings and profits. See Note 13, Capital Stock , to the consolidated financial statements and Item 5, Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities – Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities , for information on our share repurchase program. 
As part of our continued efforts to improve our working capital efficiency, we have worked with our suppliers over the past several years to optimize our terms and conditions, which include the extension of payment terms. Our current payment terms with a majority of our suppliers are from 30 to 180 days, which we deem to be commercially reasonable. We also facilitate voluntary supply chain financing (“SCF”) programs through several participating financial institutions. Under these programs, our suppliers, at their sole discretion, determine invoices that they want to sell to participating financial institutions. Our suppliers’ voluntary inclusion of invoices in SCF programs has no bearing on our payment terms or amounts due. Our responsibility is limited to making payments based upon the agreed-upon contractual terms. No guarantees are provided by the Company or any of our subsidiaries under the SCF programs and we have no economic interest in the suppliers’ decision to participate in the SCF programs. Amounts due to our suppliers that elected to participate in the SCF program are included in accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. We have confirmed with participating financial institutions that as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively, of our accounts payable to suppliers that participate in the SCF programs are outstanding. 
As discussed in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies , we enter into third-party guarantees primarily to cover the long-term obligations of our vendors. As part of these transactions, we guarantee that third parties will make contractual payments or achieve performance measures. At December 31, 2022, we had no material third-party guarantees recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. Guarantees do not have, and we do not expect them to have, a material effect on our liquidity.
