SALESFORCE INC report:
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2023, 2022 or 2021. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses, to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings. 
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that includes proactive monitoring, rapid incidence response and instruction from a dedicated support team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
We periodically review our available-for-sale investments for indications of other-than-temporary impairment considering many factors, including the extent and duration to which a security’s fair value has been less than its cost, overall economic and market conditions and the financial condition and specific prospects for the issuer. Impairment of available-for-sale securities results in a charge to income when a market decline below cost is other-than-temporary. 
Fuel and other materials and supplies inventories are recognized as inventory when purchased, and then charged to expense when used in our operations. Jet fuel, diesel and unleaded gasoline inventories are valued at the lower of average cost or net realizable value. Total inventories were $ 511 and $ 421 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively, and are included in “Other current assets” on the consolidated balance sheets. 
Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost. We evaluate the useful lives of our property, plant and equipment based on our usage, maintenance and replacement policies, and taking into account physical and economic factors that may affect the useful lives of the assets. As part of our ongoing investment in transformation in 2018, we revised our estimates of useful lives for building improvements, vehicles and plant equipment based on our current assessment of these factors. In 2019, we revised our estimates of useful lives and residual values for certain airframes, engines and related rotable parts. The changes in estimate had the effect of lengthening the useful lives of building improvements, vehicles, plant equipment and certain aircraft, and reduced the useful lives and residual values of the majority of our used aircraft.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. In the U.S., the FDA classifies diagnostic products into classes (I, II, or III) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. While the Diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as Class I or Class II. Submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for Class I products. Class II devices typically require pre-market notification to the FDA through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. Most Class III products are subject to the FDA’s Premarket Approval (PMA) requirements. Other Class III products, such as those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a Biological License Application (BLA).
In the European Union (EU), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the European In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Directive, depends upon the category, with certain product categories requiring review and approval by an independent company, known as a Notified Body, before the manufacturer can affix a CE mark to the product to declare conformity to the Directive. Other products only require a self-certification process. In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replaces the existing directive in the EU for in vitro diagnostic products. The IVDR will apply after a five-year transition period and imposes additional premarket and postmarket regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products.
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
