ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
After approval and commercial launch of some cardiovascular and neuromodulation products, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority. 
In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) and the In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replace the existing directives in the EU for medical devices and in vitro diagnostic products. The MDR and IVDR will apply after a three-year and five-year transition period, respectively, and will impose additional premarket and postmarket regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. 
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product's efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We focus on equality, diversity and inclusion, development programs and engagement to attract and retain the best talent. We rely on various initiatives to support these objectives and have programs in place for intentional recruiting, talent 
Equality is a core value at Salesforce. We aim to create a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and empowers our employees. Our key equality initiatives include: investing in our future leaders, inclusive hiring and leadership trainings, equal pay for equal work, employee-led resource groups and a focus on accessibility in our products and workspaces. For example: 
• We review the salaries and bonuses of our global workforce on an annual basis to ensure everyone is paid equally for equal work and close any unexplained gaps. As of January 31, 2021, we had spent more than $12 million since this program began, to ensure our global workforce is paid fairly. In the United States we also review differences in pay for gender as well as race and ethnicity.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates its self-insurance liabilities by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated insurance/self-insurance liabilities as of August 30, 2020 were $1,188 million, a portion of which related to workers’ compensation and general liability self-insurance liabilities for the United States and Canadian operations. 
We identified the evaluation of the Company’s workers’ compensation and general liability self-insurance liabilities for the United States and Canadian operations as a critical audit matter because of the extent of specialized skill and knowledge needed to evaluate the Company’s actuarial models and the judgments required to assess the underlying assumptions made by the Company. Specifically, subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate certain assumptions underlying the Company’s actuarial estimates, including reporting and payment patterns used in the projections of the ultimate loss; loss and exposure trends; the selected loss rates and initial expected losses used in the Paid and Incurred Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods; and the selection of the ultimate loss derived from the various methods.
