ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which provides a single comprehensive model for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers and supersedes nearly all previously existing revenue recognition guidance. The core principle of the ASU is that an entity should recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Abbott adopted the new standard as of January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective approach 
method. Under this method, entities recognize the cumulative effect of applying the new standard at the date of initial application with no restatement of comparative periods presented. The cumulative effect of applying the new standard resulted in an increase to Earnings employed in the business in the Consolidated Balance Sheet of $23 million which was recorded on January 1, 2018. The new standard has been applied only to those contracts that were not completed as of January 1, 2018. The impact of adopting ASU 2014-09 was not significant to individual financial statement line items in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
Under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Abbott cautions investors that any forward-looking statements or projections made by Abbott, including those made in this document, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets —Goodwill and other intangible assets include the cost of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the net tangible assets acquired. Other intangible assets include customer relationships, noncompete agreements, the brand names comprising our portfolio of exclusive brands, and trademarks. As required, we assess goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment annually, or more frequently if events occur that indicate an asset may be impaired. For goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, our policy is to assess for impairment at the beginning of each fiscal third quarter. For other intangible assets with definite lives, we assess for impairment only if events occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. All goodwill is assigned to the consolidated Company as the reporting unit. 
Self-Insurance Programs —The Company estimates its liabilities for claims covering general, fleet, and workers’ compensation. Amounts in excess of certain levels, which range from $1 million  to $10 million  per occurrence, are insured as a risk reduction strategy, to mitigate catastrophic losses. The workers’ compensation liability is discounted, as the amount and timing of cash payments is reliably determinable given the nature of benefits and the level of historic claim volume to support the actuarial assumptions and judgments used to derive the expected loss payment pattern. The amount accrued is discounted using an interest rate that approximates the U.S. Treasury rate consistent with the duration of the liability. The inherent uncertainty of future loss projections could cause actual claims to differ from our estimates. 
We are self-insured for group medical claims not covered under collective bargaining agreements. The Company accrues its self-insured medical liability, including an estimate for incurred but not reported claims, based on known claims and past claims history. These accruals are included in accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services.
