BOEING CO report:
Research and development includes costs incurred for experimentation, design, and testing, as well as bid and proposal efforts related to government products and services which are expensed as incurred unless the costs are related to certain contractual arrangements with customers. Costs that are incurred pursuant to such contractual arrangements are recorded over the period that revenue is recognized, consistent with our contract accounting policy. We have certain research and development arrangements that meet the requirement for best efforts research and development accounting. Accordingly, the amounts funded by the customer are recognized as an offset to our research and development expense rather than as contract revenues. Research and development expense included bid and proposal costs of $ 234 , $ 288 and $ 311 in 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively. 
We provide various forms of share-based compensation to our employees. For awards settled in shares, we measure compensation expense based on the grant-date fair value net of estimated forfeitures. For awards settled in cash, or that may be settled in cash, we measure compensation expense based on the fair value at each reporting date net of estimated forfeitures. The expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award. 
Provisions for U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. income taxes are calculated on reported Earnings before income taxes based on current tax law and also include, in the current period, the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those used previously in determining deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such provisions differ from the amounts currently receivable or payable because certain items of income and expense are recognized in different time periods for financial reporting purposes than for income tax purposes. Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and evaluating tax positions.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Compensation changes for 2020 shift variable compensation toward new business and eliminates variable compensation for renewing customers. We are aligning agent compensation to emphasize growth while simultaneously improving customer service consistency. 
Agents have the ability to earn commissions and additional bonuses on non-proprietary products provided to customers when an Allstate product is not available. In 2019 Ivantage, which provides access to these products, had $1.90 billion non-proprietary premiums under management and is a leading provider of property and casualty brokerage services. 
Allstate agents and exclusive financial specialists receive commissions for proprietary and non-proprietary life and retirement sales and are eligible for a quarterly bonus based on the volume of non-proprietary sales.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Developed technology represents the preliminary estimated fair value of Slack's data analysis technologies. Customer relationships represent the preliminary estimated fair values of the underlying relationships with Slack customers. 
The Company assumed unvested stock options, restricted stock units and restricted stock awards with an estimated fair value of $ 1.7 billion. Of the total consideration, $ 205 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 1.5 billion was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
In February 2021, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Acumen Solutions, Inc. (“Acumen”), a professional services firm that provides innovative and critical solutions to clients using the Company’s service offerings and other advanced cloud technologies. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Acumen was approximately $ 433 million, in cash. The Company recorded approximately $ 99 million for customer relationships with estimated useful lives of eight years . The Company recorded approximately $ 337 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce. For the goodwill balance there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes.
