SALESFORCE INC report:
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps that bring them closer to their customers, with drag-and-drop tools that boost efficiency, increase productivity and save on IT costs. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance and automatic upgrades. Integrated platform services, such as automation, AI and real-time data processing, make it easier for customers to utilize those capabilities in their Salesforce applications. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. Our Slack offering is a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We continue to innovate and integrate Slack across our Customer 360 platform. 
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web, Web3 and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization, and optimize overall marketing impact with integrated analytics. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
ABS: The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields, collateral performance, and credit spreads. Certain ABS are valued based on non-binding broker quotes whose inputs have been corroborated to be market observable. Residential mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”), included in ABS, use prepayment speeds as a primary input for valuation. 
• Short-term: The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields and credit spreads. 
Over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives, including interest rate swaps, foreign currency swaps, total return swaps, foreign exchange forward contracts, certain options and certain credit default swaps, are valued using models that rely on inputs such as interest rate yield curves, implied volatilities, index price levels, currency rates, and credit spreads that are observable for substantially the full term of the contract. The valuation techniques underlying the

BOEING CO report:
The U.S. Government continues to impose and/or consider imposing sanctions on certain businesses and individuals in Russia. Although our operations or sales in Russia have not been impacted to date, we continue to monitor additional sanctions that may be imposed by the U.S. Government and any responses from Russia that could affect our supply chain, business partners or customers. 
Airline Industry Environment Global economic growth, a primary driver for air travel, was 2.6% in 2019, slightly below the long-term average of approximately 3%. Passenger traffic is estimated to grow by 4% to 5% in 2019, close to the long-term average of approximately 5%. The grounding of the 737 MAX and suspension of 737 MAX deliveries has slowed growth at certain airlines. While growth was solid across most major world regions, there continues to be variation between regions and airline business models. Despite some moderation in the growth rates, airlines operating in Asia Pacific and Europe, as well as low-cost-carriers globally, are leading the 2019 growth in passenger traffic. Air cargo traffic growth is expected to contract this year due to weak global trade growth. 
Airline financial performance also plays a role in the demand for new capacity. Airlines continue to focus on increasing revenue through alliances, partnerships, new marketing initiatives, and effective leveraging of ancillary services and related revenues. Airlines are also focusing on reducing costs and renewing fleets to leverage more efficient airplanes. Net profits in 2019 are expected to approximate $26 billion.
