ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We routinely review the effectiveness of our derivative instrument portfolios in light of current market conditions. Accordingly, the nature and volume of our derivative instruments may change depending on the specific exposure being managed. 
See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding our derivative instruments and commodity and interest rate hedging activities. 
The prices of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market conditions and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. In order to manage such price risks, we enter into commodity derivative instruments such as physical forward contracts, futures contracts, fixed-for-float swaps, basis swaps and option contracts.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
On April 8, 2022 (the “Closing Date”), Discovery, Inc. (“Discovery”) completed its merger (the “Merger”) with the WarnerMedia business (the “WarnerMedia Business”, “WM Business” or “WM”) of AT&T, Inc. (“AT&T”) and changed its name to Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. On April 11, 2022, the Company’s shares started trading on Nasdaq under the trading symbol WBD. 
The Merger was executed through a Reverse Morris Trust type transaction, under which WM was distributed to AT&T’s shareholders via a pro rata distribution, and immediately thereafter, combined with Discovery. (See Note 3 and Note 4). Prior to the Merger, WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. distributed $ 40.5 billion to AT&T (subject to working capital and other adjustments) in a combination of cash, debt securities, and WM's retention of certain debt. Discovery transferred purchase consideration of $ 42.4 billion in equity to AT&T shareholders in the Merger. In August 2022, the Company and AT&T finalized the post-closing working capital settlement process, pursuant to section 1.3 of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, which resulted in the Company receiving a $ 1.2 billion payment from AT&T in the third quarter of 2022 in lieu of adjusting the equity issued as purchase consideration in the Merger. AT&T shareholders received shares of WBD Series A common stock (“WBD common stock”) in the Merger representing 71 % of the combined Company and the Company's pre-Merger shareholders continued to own 29 % of the combined Company, in each case on a fully diluted basis. 
Discovery was deemed to be the accounting acquirer of the WM Business for accounting purposes under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”); therefore, Discovery is considered the Company’s predecessor and the historical financial statements of Discovery prior to April 8, 2022, are reflected in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as the Company’s historical financial statements. Accordingly, the financial results of the Company as of and for any periods prior to April 8, 2022 do not include the financial results of the WM Business and current and future results will not be comparable to historical results.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Applying the definition of “Organic Net Revenue”, the adjustments made to “net revenues” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that Organic Net Revenue reflects the underlying growth from the ongoing activities of our business and provides improved comparability of results. We also evaluate our Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging markets and developed markets, and these underlying measures are also reconciled to U.S. GAAP below. 
Applying the definition of “Adjusted Operating Income”, the adjustments made to “operating income” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the Simplify to Grow Program; intangible asset impairment charges; mark-to-market impacts from commodity, forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivative contracts; acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments; inventory step-up charges; acquisition related costs; divestiture-related costs; operating income from divestitures; net gain on an acquisition and divestitures; 2017 malware incident net recoveries; impact from the European Commission legal matter; incremental costs due to the war in Ukraine; costs associated with JDE Peet's transaction; the remeasurement of net monetary position; impact from pension participation changes; and impact from resolution of tax matters. We also evaluate Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis. We believe these measures provide improved comparability of underlying operating results. 
 For the Years Ended December 31,   2022 2021 $ Change % Change   (in millions)   Operating Income $ 3,534   $ 4,653   $ (1,119) (24.0) % Simplify to Grow Program (1)
