SALESFORCE INC report:
Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, including stock-based expenses, the cost of subcontractors and certain third-party fees. 
Marketing and sales expenses are our largest cost and consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses and commissions, for our sales and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing activities. 
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses, for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel and professional services fees.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
($ in millions) 2021 2020 2019 Balance, beginning of year $ 3,774   $ 3,600   $ 3,457   National General acquisition 317   —   —   SafeAuto acquisition 7   —   —   Acquisition costs deferred 6,874   5,651   5,499   Amortization charged to income ( 6,252 ) ( 5,477 ) ( 5,353 ) Effect of unrealized gains and losses 2   —   ( 3 ) Balance, end of year $ 4,722   $ 3,774   $ 3,600    
(1) 2023 Floating Rate Senior Notes are not redeemable prior to the applicable maturity dates and bear interest at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR, reset quarterly on each interest reset date, plus 0.63 % per year. 
(2) Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the Company’s option in whole or in part at any time at the greater of either 100 % of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date or the discounted sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our asset-backed debt, Cellco Partnership (Cellco), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and certain other Company affiliates (collectively, the Originators) transfer device payment plan agreement receivables and certain other receivables (collectively referred to as certain receivables) to one of the ABS Entities, which in turn transfers such receivables to another ABS Entity that issues the debt. Verizon entities retain the equity interests and residual interests, as applicable, in the ABS Entities, which represent the rights to all funds not needed to make required payments on the asset-backed debt and other related payments and expenses. 
Our asset-backed debt is secured by the transferred receivables and future collections on such receivables. These receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of certain receivables, and other obligations arising from our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon’s creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt, but do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement, the Company has agreed to guarantee certain of the payment obligations of Cellco and the Originators to the ABS Entities. 
Cash collections on the receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
