VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Millimeter wave and low and mid-band spectrum are being used for our 5G technology deployment. We anticipate that we will need additional spectrum to meet future demand. This increasing demand is driven by growth in customer connections and the increased usage of wireless broadband services that use more bandwidth and require faster rates of speed, as well as the wider deployment of 5G mobile and fixed services. We can meet our future 4G and 5G spectrum needs by acquiring licenses or leasing spectrum from other licensees, or by acquiring new spectrum licenses from the FCC, if and when future FCC spectrum auctions occur. 
From time to time we have exchanged spectrum licenses with other wireless service providers through secondary market swap transactions. We expect to continue to pursue similar opportunities to trade spectrum licenses in order to meet capacity and expansion needs in the future. In certain cases, we have entered into intra-market spectrum swaps designed to increase the amount of contiguous spectrum within frequency bands in a specific market. Contiguous spectrum improves network performance and efficiency. These swaps, as well as any spectrum purchases, require us to obtain governmental approvals. 
At Verizon, we know that our people are one of our most valuable assets. In order to realize our core business strategy, we have developed human capital programs and practices that support, develop and care for our employees from the time they join our team through the entirety of their careers with Verizon. These programs are centered on the following principles:

SALESFORCE INC report:
Additionally, the Company allowed Salesforce.org to donate subscriptions of the Company’s services to other qualified non-profit organizations. Prior to the closing of the business combination with Salesforce.org, the value of the subscriptions sold by Salesforce.org to external customers pursuant to the reseller agreement, as amended, was approximately $ 110 million for fiscal 2020, prior to the business combination. The value of the subscriptions sold by Salesforce.org pursuant to the reseller agreement, as amended, was approximately $ 253 million and $ 183 million for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
As discussed in Note 7 “Business Combinations”, in June 2019, the Company reorganized its relationship with Salesforce.org, which was accounted for as a business combination. This transaction did not change the relationship and accounting considerations with the Foundation, as described above. 
In February 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire Vlocity, Inc (“Vlocity”), a leading provider of industry-specific cloud and mobile software. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will acquire Vlocity for an amount expected to be approximately $ 1.33 billion, net of the value of shares currently owned by the Company, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The purchase price will be paid predominantly in cash but also includes the assumption of outstanding equity awards held by Vlocity employees. The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter fiscal 2021, subject to customary closing conditions, including the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries is their local currency. As such, amounts included in the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and changes in equity are translated using average exchange rates during each period. Assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates and resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). However, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, if a foreign entity's economy is determined to be highly inflationary, then such foreign entity's financial statements are remeasured as if the functional currency were the reporting currency. 
We have significant operations in Argentina and, up until June 30, 2018, had utilized the official exchange rate of the Argentine peso published by the Argentine government when recording applicable transactions and remeasuring applicable assets and liabilities in its financial statements. Argentina has experienced negative economic trends, as evidenced by multiple periods of increasing inflation rates, devaluation of the peso , and increasing borrowing rates, requiring the Argentine government to take mitigating actions. During the second quarter of 2018, it was determined that Argentina's economy should be considered highly inflationary, and as such, beginning on July 1, 2018, our Argentine subsidiaries changed their functional currency to the U.S. Dollar. This change in functional currency did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. The resulting exchange gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange gain (loss) unless the remeasurement gain or loss relates to an intercompany transaction that is of a long-term investment nature and for which settlement is not planned or anticipated in the foreseeable future. Gains or losses arising from remeasurement of such transactions are reported as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets.
