ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Fort Mifflin. The Fort Mifflin terminal complex is located on the Delaware River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and includes the Fort Mifflin terminal, the Hog Island wharf, the Darby Creek tank farm and connecting pipelines. Revenues are generated from the Fort Mifflin terminal complex by charging fees based on throughput. 
The Fort Mifflin terminal contains two ship docks with freshwater drafts and a total storage capacity of approximately 575 MBbls . Crude oil and some refined products enter the Fort Mifflin terminal primarily from marine vessels on the Delaware River. One Fort Mifflin dock is designed to handle crude oil from very large crude carrier-class tankers and smaller crude oil vessels. The other dock can accommodate only smaller crude oil vessels. 
The Hog Island wharf is located next to the Fort Mifflin terminal on the Delaware River and receives crude oil via two ship docks, one of which can accommodate crude oil tankers and smaller crude oil vessels, and the other of which can accommodate some smaller crude oil vessels.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The level of services we provide and the amount of volumes we purchase and sell are directly affected by changes in supply and demand for hydrocarbon products, which impacts our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Beginning in the first quarter of 2020, supply and demand for hydrocarbon products were significantly reduced by the global effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the consequences of containment measures including quarantines, travel restrictions, temporary business closures and similar protective actions.
During late 2020 and early 2021, most countries began to gradually reduce mobility restrictions to less stringent methods of COVID-19 containment (e.g., vaccines, mask requirements and social distancing) allowing for the resumption of travel and business activities. These changes, coupled with strong fiscal and economic stimulus worldwide, helped bolster an economic recovery in most industrial economies. According to the EIA, U.S. gross domestic product increased 5.7% in 2021 compared to a decrease of 3.4% in 2020.
This strong economic recovery has increased the demand for hydrocarbon products necessary to produce energy, transportation fuels and raw materials. Preliminary EIA estimates showed that the global consumption of petroleum and other liquid fuels grew by 5.2 MMBPD in 2021 while at the same time global liquid fuels inventories fell by an average of 1.6 MMBPD. Crude oil and other liquids production from a combination of members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) and non-OPEC members increased by only 1.7 MMBPD during this period. The growth in global crude oil consumption relative to production has led to a significant increase in crude oil prices as demonstrated by the average price of Brent crude oil, which increased from an average of $44 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2020 to $79 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2021.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Goodwill is allocated to the Company's reporting units, which are its operating segments or one level below its operating segments. The Company evaluates goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually as of October 1, or earlier if an event or other circumstance indicates that it may not recover the carrying value of the asset. If the Company believes that, as a result of its qualitative assessment, it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is not required. If a qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, a quantitative impairment test is performed. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill recorded for that reporting unit. The Company typically performs a quantitative impairment test every three years, irrespective of the outcome of the Company's qualitative assessment. 
Long-lived assets such as amortizing trademarks, customer lists, other intangible assets, and property and equipment are not required to be tested for impairment annually, but rather are tested for impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If an impairment analysis is required, the impairment test employed is based on whether the Company’s intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to hold the asset for sale. If the intent is to hold the asset for continued use, the impairment test requires a comparison of undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss would be recognized equal to the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its fair value, which is typically determined by discounting the future cash flows associated with that asset. If the intent is to hold the asset for sale and certain other criteria are met, the impairment test involves comparing the asset’s carrying value to its fair value less costs to sell. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized equal to the difference. Significant judgments used for long-lived asset impairment assessments include identifying the appropriate asset groupings and primary assets within those groupings, determining whether events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, determining the future cash flows for the assets involved and assumptions applied in determining fair value, which include reasonable discount rates, growth rates, market risk premiums and other assumptions about the economic environment. 
Equity method investments are reviewed for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis. Equity method investments are written down to fair value if there is evidence of a loss in value that is other-than-temporary. The Company may estimate the fair value of its equity method investments by considering recent investee equity transactions, DCF analysis, recent operating results, comparable public company operating cash flow multiples and in certain situations, balance sheet liquidation values. If the fair value of the investment has dropped below the carrying amount, management considers several factors when determining whether an other-than-temporary decline has occurred, such as the length of the time and the extent to which the estimated fair value or market value has been below the carrying value, the financial condition and the near-term prospects of the investee, the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the investee for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, and general market conditions. The estimation of fair value and whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred requires the application of significant judgment and future results may vary from current assumptions. If declines in the value of the equity method investments are determined to be other-than-temporary, a loss is recorded in earnings in the current period as a component of loss from equity investees, net on the consolidated statements of operations.
