ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Revenues from midstream services for 2022 increased $593 million when compared to 2021. Revenues from our natural gas processing facilities increased $343 million year-to-year primarily due to higher market values for the equity NGL-equivalent production volumes we receive as non-cash consideration for processing services. Revenues from our natural gas pipeline assets increased $251 million year-to-year primarily due to the addition of the Midland Basin Gathering System from the Navitas Midstream acquisition and higher demand for natural gas transportation and gathering services in Texas and New Mexico. Revenues from our NGL fractionators increased $51 million year-to-year primarily due to higher fractionation fee revenues at our Chambers County NGL fractionation complex. Revenues from our ethylene export terminal increased $34 million year-to-year primarily due to higher loading fee revenues. Lastly, revenues from our crude oil pipeline assets decreased $122 million year-to-year primarily due to lower deficiency revenues as a result of the expiration of minimum volume commitments under certain long-term gathering agreements on our EFS Midstream System. 
Cost of sales for 2022 increased $15.9 billion when compared to 2021. The cost of sales associated with our marketing of NGLs, crude oil and natural gas increased a combined $16.5 billion year-to-year primarily due to higher average purchase prices, which accounted for a $12.1 billion increase, and higher sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $4.4 billion increase.
Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense increased $120 million year-to-year. The addition of assets attributable to the Navitas Midstream acquisition accounted for $86 million of the year-to-year increase. The remainder of the year-to-year increase is due to assets placed into full or limited service since the first quarter of 2021 (e.g., the Gillis Lateral natural gas pipeline and the Baymark ethylene pipeline) and major maintenance activities accounted for under the deferral method.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if it required assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate or different estimates could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
The development and selection of these critical accounting estimates have been determined by management and the related disclosures have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. We believe the following accounting policies are critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations and involve the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
We are subject to income taxes in numerous U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. From time to time, we engage in transactions or take filing positions in which the tax consequences may be uncertain and may recognize tax liabilities based on estimates of whether additional taxes and interest will be due. We establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless we determine that such positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on their technical merits, including the resolution of any appeals or litigation processes. We include interest and where appropriate, potential penalties, as a component of income tax expense on the consolidated statement of operations. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events including the status and results of income tax audits with the relevant tax authorities. Significant judgment is exercised in evaluating all relevant information, the technical merits of the tax positions, and the accurate measurement of uncertain tax positions when determining the amount of reserve and whether positions taken on our tax returns are more likely than not to be sustained. This also involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the potential outcome of positions taken on tax returns that may be reviewed by tax authorities. At December 31, 2021, the reserve for uncertain tax positions was $420 million, and it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to certain of our uncertain tax positions could decrease by as much as $125 million within the next twelve months as a result of ongoing audits, foreign judicial proceedings, lapses of statutes of limitations or regulatory developments.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
an increase in terminal services margin of $62 million  due to a $36 million  increase resulting from a change in the classification of certain customer reimbursements previously recorded in operating expenses, a $14 million  increase at our Nederland terminal due to increased export demand and a $12 million  increase due to higher throughput at our Marcus Hook Industrial Complex. These increases were partially offset by lower terminal throughput fees in part due to the sale of one of our terminals in April 2017; 
an increase in marketing margin of $55 million  due to a $48 million  increase from our butane blending operations and a $22 million  increase in sales of NGLs and other products at our Marcus Hook Industrial Complex due to more favorable market prices. These increases were partially offset by a $15 million  decrease from the timing of optimization gains from our Mont Belvieu fractionators; and 
an increase of $14 million  to adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates due to improved contributions from our unconsolidated refined products joint venture interests; partially offset by
