ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In March 2019, following the decision of the D.C. Circuit in Emera Maine v. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the FERC issued a Notice of Inquiry regarding its policy for determining return on equity (“ROE”). The FERC specifically sought information and stakeholder views to help the FERC explore whether, and if so how, it should modify its policies concerning the determination of ROE to be used in designing jurisdictional rates charged by public utilities. The FERC also expressly sought comment on whether any changes to its policies concerning public utility ROEs should be applied to interstate natural gas and oil pipelines. Initial comments were due in June 2019, and reply comments were due in July 2019. The FERC has not taken any further action with respect to the Notice of Inquiry as of this time, and therefore we cannot predict what effect, if any, such development could have on our cost-of-service rates in the future. 
Also included in the March 15, 2018 proposals is a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (“NOPR”) proposing rules for implementation of the Revised Policy Statement and the corporate income tax rate reduction with respect to natural gas pipeline rates. On July 18, 2018, the FERC issued a Final Rule adopting procedures that are generally the same as proposed in the NOPR with a few clarifications and modifications. With limited exceptions, the Final Rule requires all FERC-regulated natural gas pipelines that have cost-based rates for service to make a one-time Form No. 501-G filing providing certain financial information and to make an election on how to treat its existing rates. The Final Rule suggests that this information will allow the FERC and other stakeholders to evaluate the impacts of the Tax Act and the Revised Policy Statement on each individual pipeline’s rates. The Final Rule also requires that each FERC-regulated natural gas pipeline select one of four options to address changes to the pipeline’s revenue requirements as a result of the tax reductions: file a limited Natural Gas Act (“NGA”) Section 4 filing reducing its rates to reflect the reduced tax rates, commit to filing a general NGA Section 4 rate case in the near future, file a statement explaining why an adjustment to rates is not needed, or take no other action. For the limited NGA Section 4 option, the FERC clarified that, notwithstanding the Revised Policy Statement, a pipeline organized as a master limited partnership does not need to eliminate its income tax allowance but, instead, can reduce its rates to reflect the reduction in the maximum corporate tax rate. Trunkline, ETC Tiger Pipeline, LLC and Panhandle filed their respective FERC Form No. 501-Gs on October 11, 2018. FEP, Lake Charles LNG and certain other operating subsidiaries filed their respective FERC Form No. 501-Gs on or about November 8, 2018, and Rover, FGT, Transwestern and MEP filed their respective FERC Form No. 501-Gs on or about December 6, 2018. 
By order issued January 16, 2019, the FERC initiated a review of Panhandle’s existing rates pursuant to Section 5 of the Natural Gas Act to determine whether the rates currently charged by Panhandle are just and reasonable and set the matter for hearing. Panhandle filed a cost and revenue study on April 1, 2019. Panhandle filed a NGA Section 4 rate case on August 30, 2019.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our related crude oil marketing activities increased a net $55.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for a $69.2 million increase, partially offset by lower non-cash mark-to-market results, which accounted for a $15.2 million decrease. Non-cash mark-to-market earnings for this business was a gain of $0.5 million for 2018 versus a gain of $15.7 million for 2017. Average sales margins increased in 2018 primarily due to higher market price differentials for crude oil between the Permian Basin region, Cushing hub and Gulf Coast markets. As crude oil production in the Permian Basin region increased in 2018, pipeline infrastructure constraints led to pricing dislocations in the supply basins (lower crude oil prices in West Texas) compared to the prices paid by end users and exporters along the Gulf Coast. As midstream infrastructure constraints are alleviated in the coming years, we expect that these market price differentials will normalize. 
Comparison of 2017 with 2016. Gross operating margin from our other crude oil pipelines, terminals and related marketing activities for 2017 increased a net $107.3 million when compared to 2016. Gross operating margin from our West Texas System and equity investment in the Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System increased a combined $54.7 million year-to-year primarily due to an 89 MBPD increase in crude oil transportation volumes (net to our interest). 
Gross operating margin from our EFS Midstream System increased $31.7 million year-to-year primarily due to increased deficiency fee revenues. Condensate transportation volumes for this system decreased 18 MBPD year-to-year and associated natural gas volumes decreased 101 MMcf/d year-to-year. Gross operating margin for the system decreased $59.7 million year-to-year primarily due to the lower throughput volumes; however, this decrease was more than offset by a $98.1 million year-to-year increase in deficiency fee revenues associated with producer volume commitments.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into various commitments, which primarily include programming and talent arrangements, operating and finance leases (see Note 9), arrangements to purchase various goods and services, and future funding commitments to equity method investees. 
Content purchase obligations include commitments and liabilities associated with third-party producers and sports associations for content that airs on our television networks. Production contracts generally require: purchase of a specified number of episodes; payments over the term of the license; and include both programs that have been delivered and are available for airing and programs that have not yet been produced or sporting events that have not yet taken place. If the content is ultimately never produced, our commitments expire without obligation. The commitments disclosed above exclude content liabilities recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. 
Other purchase obligations include agreements with certain vendors and suppliers for the purchase of goods and services whereby the underlying agreements are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms. Significant purchase obligations include transmission services, television rating services, marketing research, employment contracts, equipment purchases, and information technology and other services. Some of these contracts do not require the purchase of fixed or minimum quantities and generally may be terminated with a 30 -day to 60 -day advance notice without penalty, and are not included in the table above past the 30-day to 60-day advance notice period. Amounts related to employment contracts include base compensation, but do not include compensation contingent on future events.
