ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Additionally, the cost of transmitters provided to customers that use Abbott’s remote monitoring service with respect to certain medical devices are capitalized as contract costs. Capitalized transmitter costs are amortized based on the timing of the transfer of services to which the assets relate, which typically ranges from eight to ten years . The amounts as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were not significant.
Abbott discloses Trade receivables separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at the net amount expected to be collected. Contract assets primarily relate to Abbott’s conditional right to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date. Contract assets at the beginning and end of the period, as well as the changes in the balance, were not significant.
Contract liabilities primarily relate to payments received from customers in advance of performance under the contract. Abbott’s contract liabilities arise primarily in the Medical Devices reportable segment when payment is received upfront for various multi-period extended service arrangements. Changes in the contract liabilities during the period are as follows:

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our research and development activities are focused on developing products and improving processes that will drive growth or otherwise add value to our core business operations. In our Refined and Specialty Oils and Milling businesses, we have 15 research and development centers globally to support product development and enhancement. Additionally, Bunge Ventures, our corporate venture capital unit, invests in start-ups and other early stage companies that are developing new technologies relevant to our industries. 
We own trademarks, patents and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However, neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark, patent or license. 
In our Agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year, since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres and we sell and distribute products throughout the year. However, the first quarter of the year has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the North and South American oilseed harvests, as the North American harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, and the South American harvest peaks in the second quarter. Our North and South American grain merchandising and oilseed processing activities are, therefore, generally at lower levels during the first quarter.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and, in fiscal 2021, our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.
