MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Level 1 financial assets and liabilities consist of exchange-traded commodity futures and listed options. The fair value of these instruments is determined based on quoted market prices on commodity exchanges. 
Level 2 financial assets and liabilities consist primarily of over-the-counter (“OTC”) currency exchange forwards, options and swaps; commodity forwards and options; and interest rate swaps. Our currency exchange contracts are valued using an income approach based on observable market forward rates less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. Commodity derivatives are valued using an income approach based on the observable market commodity index prices less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount or based on pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as commodity prices. Our calculation of the fair value of interest rate swaps is derived from a discounted cash flow analysis based on the terms of the contract and the observable market interest rate curve. Our calculation of the fair value of financial instruments takes into consideration the risk of nonperformance, including counterparty credit risk. Our OTC derivative transactions are governed by International Swap Dealers Association agreements and other standard industry contracts. Under these agreements, we do not post nor require collateral from our counterparties. The majority of our derivative contracts do not have a legal right of set-off. We manage the credit risk in connection with these and all our derivatives by entering into transactions with counterparties with investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure with each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition of our counterparties. 
4,169   3,993   Commodity contracts 7,947   7,238   Interest rate contracts 3,500   5,250   Net investment hedges: Net investment hedge derivative contracts 4,551   6,864   Non-U.S. dollar debt designated as net investment hedges Euro notes

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our current objectives in managing exposure to interest rate changes are to limit the impact of interest rates on earnings and cash flows. To achieve these objectives, we may enter into variable interest rate swaps, effectively converting fixed rate borrowings to variable rate borrowings indexed to LIBOR in order to reduce the amount of interest paid. We may also enter into fixed rate forward starting swaps to limit the impact of volatility in interest rates for future issuances of fixed rate debt. As of December 31, 2020, we had entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements with a notional value of $2 billion for the future issuances of fixed rate debt. 
As of December 31, 2020, the fair value of our outstanding public senior notes was $18.7 billion. The fair value of our long-term debt may vary as a result of market conditions and other factors. A change in market interest rates will impact the fair market value of our fixed rate debt. The potential change in fair value of these senior notes from a 100 basis-point increase in quoted interest rates across all maturities, often referred to as a parallel shift in the yield curve, would be a decrease in fair value of approximately $1.7 billion as of December 31, 2020. 
We transact business globally and are subject to risks associated with changing foreign currency exchange rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows and future earnings. Our International Networks segment operates from hubs in EMEA, Latin America and Asia. Cash is primarily managed from five global locations with net earnings reinvested locally and working capital requirements met from existing liquid funds. To the extent such funds are not sufficient to meet working capital requirements, drawdowns in the appropriate local currency are available from intercompany borrowings or drawdowns from our revolving credit facility. The earnings of certain international operations are expected to be reinvested in those businesses indefinitely.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The upstream energy industry, led by the efforts of major oil companies, continues to shift resources to shale supply basins. Domestic shale resources continue to play a key role in both U.S. and global markets, further supporting that the U.S. is a major oil supplier on par with the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) and Russia. The U.S. became a net natural gas exporter on an annual basis in 2017, and it continued to export more natural gas than it imported in both 2018 and 2019. We believe that a significant portion of the expected growth in U.S. crude oil, natural gas and NGL production in 2020 will be destined for export markets.
As measured by New York Mercantile Exchange (“NYMEX”), WTI oil prices started 2019 at $45.41 per barrel but rapidly increased to $66.30 per barrel on April 23, 2019 as OPEC and Russia maintained their supply cuts and the U.S. imposed sanctions on Iran, which restricted crude oil exports from that country to a minimum. However, prices subsequently softened as a result of continued trade disputes between the U.S. and other countries, with China in particular. Counteracting these “trade headwinds” was the fact that crude oil production growth in the U.S. was slowing in response to producers cutting back on drilling activities in an effort to preserve cash and enhance their financial condition in a capital-constrained environment. Consequently, WTI prices fluctuated between $51 and $66 per barrel for the rest of 2019. The WTI oil price finished 2019 at $61.06 per barrel and averaged $57.03 per barrel for all of 2019 compared to an average of $64.77 per barrel for 2018. WTI prices in 2020 have ranged from a high of $63.27 per barrel to a low of $49.57 per barrel through February 10, 2020. The forward commodity markets for WTI (as reported by the NYMEX) currently indicate monthly pricing in the range of $51.17 to $52.11 per barrel for periods extending through February 2021.
As reported by the EIA, U.S. crude oil production, having finished 2018 at 12 MMBPD, spent the first seven months of 2019 between 11.7 MMBPD and 12.1 MMBPD. Nevertheless, U.S. crude oil production accelerated during the latter part of the year at a record high of 12.9 MMBPD in November 2019. In addition, as reported by the EIA, U.S. production of NGLs increased steadily throughout 2019 and averaged a record 4.8 MMBPD for the year. For 2018, U.S. production of NGLs averaged 4.4 MMBPD. The focus of U.S. exploration and production companies in 2019 was more on exercising capital discipline than increasing production. Rig counts (as reported by Baker Hughes) reflect this emphasis, declining 26% over the course of 2019 from 1,083 in December 2018 to 805 in December 2019. However, not all regions slowed equally. The Permian Basin rig count fell 17% while the Haynesville Shale rig count fell 6%, whereas the Cana Woodford rig count fell 64%. As rig counts declined and fewer wells were drilled in 2019, producers gradually began to work off their inventory of drilled but uncompleted wells (“DUCs”). As reported by the EIA, the DUC count declined to approximately 7,600 in November 2019 from 8,000 in December 2018. Of the current DUCs, approximately 3,600 are in the Permian Basin. DUCs represent a significant potential volume that will continue to be brought into production.
