MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues from continuing operations in 2020 . Our five largest customers accounted for 17.5 % and our ten largest customers accounted for 24.0 % of net revenues from continuing operations in 2020. 
Items impacting our segment operating results are discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures, Note 4, Property, Plant and Equipment, Note 6, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Note 8, Restructuring Program , and Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies . Also see Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , and Note 10, Financial Instruments, for more information on our interest and other expense, net for each period. 
(2) Unallocated assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, deferred income taxes, centrally held property, plant and equipment, prepaid pension assets and derivative financial instrument balances. Final adjustments for jurisdictional netting of deferred tax assets and liabilities is done at a consolidated level.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The agreements governing our indebtedness contain customary covenants. These include, among other things, covenants that restrict our ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, pay dividends, or engage in mergers or consolidations. USF had approximately $ 1.6 billion of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $ 2.9 billion of its net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation as of December 31, 2022. 
The agreements governing our indebtedness also contain customary events of default. Those include, without limitation, the failure to pay interest or principal when it is due under the agreements, cross default provisions, the failure of representations and warranties contained in the agreements to be true when made, and certain insolvency events. If an event of default occurs and remains uncured, the principal amounts outstanding, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owed, may be declared immediately due and payable. Were such an event to occur, the Company would be forced to seek new financing that may not be on as favorable terms as its existing debt. The Company’s ability to refinance its indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, is directly affected by the then prevailing economic and financial conditions. In addition, the Company’s ability to incur secured indebtedness (which may enable it to achieve more favorable terms than the incurrence of unsecured indebtedness) depends in part on the value of its assets. This, in turn, is dependent on the strength of its cash flows, results of operations, economic and market conditions, and other factors. 
In February 2021, USF completed a private offering of the Unsecured Senior Notes due 2029 and used the proceeds, together with cash on hand, to redeem all of the Company’s then outstanding 5.875 % Unsecured Senior Notes due 2024 (the “Unsecured Senior Notes due 2024”), and repay all of the then outstanding borrowings under the 2020 Incremental Term Loan Facility. In connection with the repayment of the Unsecured Senior Notes due 2024 and the 2020 Incremental Term Loan Facility, the Company applied debt extinguishment accounting and recorded $ 23 million in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, consisting of a $ 14 million write-off of pre-existing unamortized deferred financing costs related to the redeemed facilities and a $ 9 million early redemption premium related to the Unsecured Senior Notes due 2024.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
EARNINGS PER SHARE — Unvested restricted stock units and awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are treated as participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share under the two-class method. Under the two-class method, net earnings are allocated between common shares and participating securities. Earnings from Continuing Operations allocated to common shares in 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $ 3.666 billion, $ 2.320 billion and $ 346 million, respectively. Net earnings allocated to common shares in 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $ 3.666 billion, $ 2.353 billion and $ 468 million, respectively.
PENSION AND POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS — Abbott accrues for the actuarially determined cost of pension and post-employment benefits over the service attribution periods of the employees. Abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. Differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual return are amortized over a five - year period. Actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees under the corridor method. 
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS — For assets and liabilities that are measured using quoted prices in active markets, total fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured using significant other observable inputs are valued by reference to similar assets or liabilities, adjusted for contract restrictions and other terms specific to that asset or liability. For these items, a significant portion of fair value is derived by reference to quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets. For all remaining assets and liabilities, fair value is derived using a fair value model, such as a discounted cash flow model or Black-Scholes model. Purchased intangible assets are recorded at fair value. The fair value of significant purchased intangible assets is based on independent appraisals. Abbott uses a discounted cash flow model to value intangible assets. The discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, the cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on a quarterly basis. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually.
