BOEING CO report:
We estimate the fair values of the related operations using discounted cash flows. Forecasts of future cash flows are based on our best estimate of future sales and operating costs, based primarily on existing firm orders, expected future orders, contracts with suppliers, labor agreements and general market conditions. Changes in these forecasts could significantly change the amount of impairment recorded, if any. 
The cash flow forecasts are adjusted by an appropriate discount rate derived from our market capitalization plus a suitable control premium at the date of evaluation. Therefore, changes in the stock price may also affect the amount of impairment recorded, if any. 
We completed our assessment of goodwill as of April 1, 2019 and determined that there is no impairment of goodwill. As of December 31, 2019 , we estimated that the fair value of each reporting unit significantly exceeded its corresponding carrying value. Changes in our forecasts, or decreases in the value of our common stock could cause book values of certain operations to exceed their fair values which may result in goodwill impairment charges in future periods.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The following summarizes the fair value of derivative instruments with termination, cross-default or collateral credit-risk-contingent features that are in a liability position as of December 31, as well as the fair value of assets and collateral that are netted against the liability in accordance with provisions within legally enforceable MNAs. 
A credit default swap (“CDS”) is a derivative instrument, representing an agreement between two parties to exchange the credit risk of a specified entity (or a group of entities), or an index based on the credit risk of a group of entities (all commonly referred to as the “reference entity” or a portfolio of “reference entities”), in return for a periodic premium. 
In selling protection, CDS are used to replicate fixed income securities and to complement the cash market when credit exposure to certain issuers is not available or when the derivative alternative is less expensive than the cash market alternative. CDS typically have a five-year term.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• We aspire to have 50 percent of our U.S. workforce made up of underrepresented groups for the U.S. technology industry (“underrepresented groups”), which we define as employees who identify as Women, Black, Latinx, Indigenous, Multiracial, Lesbian, Gay, Bi-Sexual, Trans, Queer, People with Disabilities, Veterans, and other groups, by fiscal 2024. As of November 2, 2020, approximately 47% of our U.S. workforce was made up of underrepresented groups. 
• We support 12 employee-led and founded employee resource groups, which provide communities for underrepresented groups and their allies, offer professional development and mentoring opportunities and empower employees to be responsive equality leaders in their community. 
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning. Learning and development opportunities include Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees, in-person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks and more. We also encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations. For example, over 6,000 employees participated in at least one of our professional development training programs in fiscal 2021.
