WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The majority of our foreign currency exposure is to the Euro, Polish zloty, and the British Pound. We may enter into spot, forward and option contracts that change in value as foreign currency exchange rates change to hedge certain exposures associated with affiliate revenue, the cost for producing or acquiring content, certain intercompany transactions, or in connection with forecasted business combinations. These contracts hedge forecasted foreign currency transactions in order to mitigate fluctuations in our earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our objective in managing exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is to reduce volatility of earnings and cash flows. Most of our non-functional currency risks related to our revenue, operating expenses and capital expenditures were not hedged as of December 31, 2021. We generally do not hedge against the risk that we may incur non-cash losses upon the translation of the financial statements of our subsidiaries and affiliates into U.S. dollars. (See Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
We may use derivative financial instruments to modify our exposure to exogenous events and market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and the fair value of investments with readily determinable fair values. We do not use derivative financial instruments unless there is an underlying exposure. While derivatives are used to mitigate cash flow risk and the risk of declines in fair value, they also limit potential economic benefits to our business in the event of positive shifts in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and market values. We do not hold or enter into financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. (See Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
In addition to derivatives, we had investments in entities accounted for as equity method investments, equity investments, and other highly liquid instruments, such as money market and mutual funds, that are accounted for at fair value. (See Note 4 and Note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) Investments in mutual funds include both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities that carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our income from such investments may decrease in the future.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• We own and operate NGL fractionators located in Chambers County, Texas. These fractionators process mixed NGLs from several major NGL supply basins in North America, including the Permian Basin, Rocky Mountains, Eagle Ford Shale, Mid-Continent and San Juan Basin. Our Chambers County NGL fractionators are connected to our network of NGL supply and distribution pipelines, approximately 130 MMBbls of underground salt dome storage capacity, along with access to international markets through our marine terminals located on the Houston Ship Channel.
In April 2022, we announced plans to construct a twelfth NGL fractionator (“Frac XII”) in Chambers County, Texas. Frac XII is expected to be capable of processing 150 MBPD of NGLs and enter service in the third quarter of 2023. Completion of this fractionator is expected to increase our total Chambers County NGL fractionation capacity to approximately 1.2 MMBPD.
 • The Shoup and Armstrong NGL fractionators in South Texas process mixed NGLs supplied by regional natural gas processing facilities. Purity NGL products from these fractionators are transported to local markets in the Corpus Christi area and also to Chambers County, Texas using our South Texas NGL Pipeline System.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In addition, our intrastate transportation and storage segment generates revenues and margin from fees charged for storing customers’ working natural gas in our storage facilities. We also engage in natural gas storage transactions in which we seek to find and profit from pricing differences that occur over time utilizing the Bammel storage reservoir. We purchase physical natural gas and then sell financial contracts at a price sufficient to cover our carrying costs and provide for a gross profit margin. We expect margins from natural gas storage transactions to be higher during the periods from November to March of each year and lower during the period from April through October of each year due to the increased demand for natural gas during colder weather. However, we cannot assure that management’s expectations will be fully realized in the future and in what time period, due to various factors including weather, availability of natural gas in regions in which we operate, competitive factors in the energy industry, and other issues. 
Lake Charles LNG’s revenues from storage and re-gasification of natural gas are based on capacity reservation charges and, to a lesser extent, commodity usage charges. Reservation revenues are based on contracted rates and capacity reserved by the customers and recognized monthly. Revenues from commodity usage charges are also recognized monthly and represent the recovery of electric power charges at Lake Charles LNG’s terminal. 
Results from the midstream segment are determined primarily by the volumes of natural gas gathered, compressed, treated, processed, purchased and sold through our pipeline and gathering systems and the level of natural gas and NGL prices. We generate midstream revenues and segment margins principally under fee-based or other arrangements in which we receive a fee for natural gas gathering, compressing, treating or processing services. The revenue earned from these arrangements is directly related to the volume of natural gas that flows through our systems and is not directly dependent on commodity prices.
