ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations are associated with regulated, permitted emissions of air pollutants. As a result, we are subject to the CAA and comparable state laws and regulations including state air quality implementation plans. These laws and regulations regulate emissions of air pollutants from various industrial sources, including certain of our facilities, and also impose various monitoring and reporting requirements. These laws and regulations may also require that we (i) obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or facilities expected to produce air emissions or result in an increase in existing levels of air emissions, (ii) obtain and strictly comply with the requirements of air permits containing various emission and operational limitations, or (iii) utilize specific emission control technologies to limit emissions.
Increasingly, environmental groups are challenging requests to modify or renew permits and seeking to apply more stringent provisions on applicants. Our failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to monetary penalties, injunctions, conditions or restrictions on operations, including enforcement actions, and our inability to renew or secure a needed modification to an existing permit could adversely affect our operations. We may also be required to incur certain capital expenditures for air pollution control equipment in connection with obtaining and maintaining permits and approvals for air emissions.
The CWA and comparable state laws impose strict controls on the discharge of petroleum and its derivatives into regulated waters. The CWA provides penalties for any discharge of petroleum products in reportable quantities and imposes substantial potential liability for the costs of removing petroleum or other hazardous substances. State laws for the control of water pollution also provide varying civil and criminal penalties and liabilities in the case of a release of petroleum or its derivatives into navigable waters or groundwater. Federal spill prevention control and countermeasure mandates require appropriate containment berms and similar structures to help prevent a petroleum tank release from impacting regulated waters. The EPA has also adopted regulations that require us to have permits in order to discharge certain storm water run-off. Storm water discharge permits may also be required by certain states in which we operate and may impose monitoring and other requirements. The CWA prohibits discharges of dredged and fill material in wetlands and other waters of the U.S. unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. We believe that our costs of compliance with these CWA requirements will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Fair value estimates for fixed-income securities that are buy-in annuity policies are calculated on a replacement policy value basis by discounting the projected cash flows of the plan members using a discount rate based on risk-free rates and adjustments for estimated levels of insurer pricing. 
The increase in Level 3 pension plan investments during 2019 was primarily due to additional purchases of a buy-in annuity and other fixed income securities, and the increase in 2018 was primarily due to additional purchases of corporate bond and other fixed income securities, which includes private debt placements. 
For our U.S. plans, our investment strategy is to reduce the risk of underfunded plans in part through appropriate asset allocation within our plan assets. We attempt to maintain our target asset allocation by rebalancing between asset classes as we make contributions and monthly benefit payments. The strategy involves using indexed U.S. equity and international equity securities and actively managed U.S. investment grade fixed-income securities (which constitute 95 % or more of fixed-income securities) with smaller allocations to high yield fixed-income securities.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Food Network and Cooking Channel are operated and organized under the terms of the TV Food Network Partnership (the “Partnership”). We hold interests in the Partnership, along with another noncontrolling owner. The Partnership agreement specifies a dissolution date of December 31, 2023. If the term of the Partnership is not extended prior to that date, the Partnership agreement permits us, as holder of 80% of the applicable votes, to reconstitute the Partnership and continue its business. If for some reason the Partnership is not continued, it will be required to limit its activities to winding up, settling debts, liquidating assets and distributing proceeds to the partners in proportion to their partnership interests. 
As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, all of the Company’s outstanding $13.8 billion registered senior notes have been issued by DCL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and guaranteed by the Company, Scripps Networks, and WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also has outstanding $30.0 billion of senior notes issued by WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. and guaranteed by the Company, Scripps and DCL; $1.5 billion of senior notes issued by the legacy WarnerMedia Business (not guaranteed); and approximately $23 million of un-exchanged senior notes issued by Scripps Networks (not guaranteed). (See Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) DCL primarily includes the Discovery Channel and TLC networks in the U.S. DCL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Scripps Networks is also wholly owned by the Company. 
The tables below present the summarized financial information as combined for Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (the “Parent”), Scripps Networks, DCL, and WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. (collectively, the “Obligors”). All guarantees of DCL and WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc.'s senior notes (the “Note Guarantees”) are full and unconditional, joint and several and unsecured, and cover all payment obligations arising under the senior notes.
