BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Effective January 1, 2022, we changed our methodology for reporting volumetric data for our reportable segments to simplify and more closely align our volume reporting with our primary income-generating activities. The primary change comprises the elimination of grain and oilseed volumes originated from our suppliers. Volumes are now reported as follows: 
• In our Agribusiness segment, reported Processing volumes comprise oilseed volumes crushed (processed) during a period, which approximate sales volumes to third parties during the same period. Reported Merchandising volumes represent sales volumes to third party customers. 
• No volumes are reported for our Sugar and Bioenergy segment, which primarily comprises the Company's net earnings from its 50% interest in BP Bunge Bioenergia, or our Corporate and Other activities, which have no material revenue-generating activities.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Allstate Health and Benefits portfolio is focused on protection of principal and consistent income generation while targeting an appropriate return on capital. The portfolio is largely comprised of fixed income securities with a small allocation to commercial mortgage loans and equity securities. 
The Corporate and Other portfolio is focused on liquidity needs and capital preservation within a total return framework. The portfolio is largely comprised of high-quality liquid fixed income securities and short-term investments. 
We utilize two primary strategies to manage risks and returns and to position our portfolio to take advantage of market opportunities while attempting to mitigate adverse effects. As strategies and market conditions evolve, the asset allocation may change.

BOEING CO report:
BDS (loss)/earnings from operations includes our share of income from equity method investments of $13 million, $53 million and $141 million primarily from our ULA and non-U.S. joint ventures in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Earnings from our ULA joint venture increased in 2022, partially offset by losses on other operating investments. 
Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Some of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements. In these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. Examples of these programs include Ground-based Midcourse Defense, Proprietary and Space Launch System programs. 
Some of our development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis. Examples of significant fixed-price development programs include Commercial Crew, KC-46A Tanker, MQ-25, T-7A Red Hawk, VC-25B, and commercial and military satellites. A number of our ongoing fixed-price development programs have reach-forward losses. New programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. Many development programs have highly complex designs. As technical or quality issues arise during development, we may experience schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. These programs are ongoing, and while we believe the cost and fee estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of these programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions or other financially significant exposure. Risk remains that we may be required to record additional reach-forward losses in future periods.
