MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. 
Non-GAAP adjustments related to the Simplify to Grow Program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. Costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-GAAP adjustments. 
During the third quarter of 2018, as we began to apply highly inflationary accounting for Argentina, we excluded the remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in Argentina to be consistent with our prior accounting for these remeasurement gains or losses for Venezuela when it was subject to highly inflationary accounting prior to 2016. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for more information.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Our operations along the Gulf Coast, including those at our Chambers County complex, may be affected by weather events such as hurricanes and tropical storms, which generally arise during the summer and fall months.
 • Residential demand for natural gas typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs and during the summer months for power generation for air conditioning. These seasonal trends affect throughput volumes on our natural gas pipelines and associated natural gas storage levels and marketing results.
 • Residential demand for propane typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs in rural areas. These seasonal trends can affect throughput volumes on our TE Products Pipeline, Dixie Pipeline and Mid-America Pipeline System and associated terminals.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to Scripps Networks' business, whereby the excess of the fair value of the business over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. Goodwill reflects workforce and synergies expected from cost savings, operations and revenue enhancements of the combined company that are expected to result from the acquisition. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition has been provisionally allocated to the U.S. Networks and International Networks reportable segments in the amounts of $5.3 billion  and $802 million , respectively, and is not amortizable for tax purposes. 
The preliminary opening balance sheet is subject to adjustment based on final assessment of the fair values of certain acquired assets and assumed liabilities. The Company used discounted cash flow ("DCF") analyses, which represent Level 3 fair value measurements, to assess certain components of its purchase price allocation. The fair value of equity interests previously held by Scripps Networks was determined using the DCF and market value methods. The fair value of tradenames and trademarks was determined using an income approach based on the relief from royalty method. The remaining intangibles were determined using an income approach based on the excess earnings method. The fair value of interest-bearing debt was determined using publicly-traded prices. For the fair value estimates, the Company used: (i) projected discounted cash flows, (ii) historical and projected financial information, (iii) synergies including cost savings, and (iv) attrition rates, as relevant, that market participants would consider when estimating fair values. As the Company continues to finalize the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, purchase price adjustments have been recorded and additional purchase price adjustments may be recorded during the measurement period. The Company reflects measurement period adjustments in the period in which the adjustments occur. The adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2018  resulted from the receipt of additional financial projections associated with certain equity method investments, contingent liability estimates, deferred income tax adjustments, and true-ups for estimated working capital balances. These adjustments did not impact the Company's statements of operations. As of December 31, 2018, certain tax exposures are subject to further adjustment. The Company estimates the total remaining exposure relative to these matters to be approximately $110 million  in the aggregate as of December 31, 2018. 
On November 30, 2017 , the Company acquired a controlling interest in the Oprah Winfrey Network ("OWN") from Harpo, Inc. ("Harpo"), increasing Discovery’s ownership stake from 49.50%  to 73.75% . OWN is a pay-TV network and website that provides adult lifestyle and entertainment content that is focused on African American viewers. Discovery paid $70 million  in cash and recognized a gain of $33 million  to account for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the previously held 49.50% equity method investment. The fair value of the equity interest in the network is subject to the impact of the note payable to Discovery. Discovery consolidated OWN under the VIE consolidation model upon closing of the transaction. Following the acquisition of the incremental equity interest and change to governance provisions, the Company has determined that it is now the primary beneficiary of OWN as Discovery obtained control of the Board of Directors and operational rights that significantly impact the economic performance of the business such as programming and marketing, and selection of key personnel. As a result, the accounting for OWN was changed from an equity method investment to a consolidated subsidiary. As the primary beneficiary, Discovery includes OWN's assets, liabilities and results of operations in the Company's consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2018 , the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of the consolidated VIE were $667 million  and $235 million , respectively.
