US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls over vendor consideration including management’s controls over the calculation of the amount recorded and the accuracy of the agreement information input in the system utilized to calculate the amount of vendor consideration recorded. 
• We selected a sample of vendor consideration recorded and (1) confirmed the amount recorded directly with the vendors or (2) recalculated vendor consideration amounts recorded by the Company using the terms of the executed vendor agreement 
3,594   3,465   Property and equipment—net 2,033   2,021   Goodwill 5,625   5,637   Other intangibles—net 830   892   Deferred tax assets 8   1   Other assets 431   407   Total assets

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Affordable Care Act also includes provisions known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, and medical supplies covered under Medicare and Medicaid to record any transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and to report this data to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for subsequent public disclosure. In October 2018, the Substance Use Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act significantly expanded the types of healthcare providers for which reporting is required, beginning with reports filed in 2022. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level domestically, and an increasing number of governments worldwide either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. Failure to report appropriate data may result in civil or criminal fines and/or penalties.
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act.
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information and financial information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California) have enacted stricter data protection laws that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Annually we assess non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. If significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. We determine estimated fair value using planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of royalty rates. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, we consider the asset impaired and reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair value. We amortize definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives and evaluate them for impairment as we do other long-lived assets. 
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and our obligation for employee healthcare benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis by evaluating and making judgments about historical claims experience and other actuarial assumptions and the estimated impact on future results. 
We predominantly sell food and beverage products across several product categories and in all regions as disclosed in Note 17, Segment Reporting . We recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers, which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. A small percentage of our net revenues relates to the licensing of our intellectual property, predominantly brand and trade names, and we record these revenues when earned within the period of the license term. We account for product shipping, handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.
