ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In addition, the ET Fuel System is integrated with our Godley processing plant which gives us the ability to bypass the plant when processing margins are unfavorable by blending the untreated natural gas from our gas gathering system known as the North Texas System with natural gas on the ET Fuel System while continuing to meet pipeline quality specifications. 
• The Oasis Pipeline is primarily a 36-inch natural gas pipeline. It has bi-directional capabilities with approximately 1.3 Bcf/d of throughput capacity moving west-to-east and greater than 750 MMcf/d of throughput capacity moving east-to-west. The Oasis pipeline connects to the Waha and Katy market hubs and has many interconnections with other pipelines, power plants, processing facilities, municipalities and producers. 
The Oasis pipeline is integrated with our gathering system known as the Southeast Texas System and is an important component to maximizing our Southeast Texas System’s profitability. The Oasis pipeline enhances the Southeast Texas System by (i) providing access for natural gas gathered on the Southeast Texas System to other third-party supply and market points and interconnecting pipelines and (ii) allowing us to bypass our processing plants and treating facilities on the Southeast Texas System when processing margins are unfavorable by blending untreated natural gas from the Southeast Texas System with gas on the Oasis pipeline while continuing to meet pipeline quality specifications.

SALESFORCE INC report:
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the determination of the fair value of customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets. This included controls over management’s development of the above described assumptions used in the valuation models applied. 
To test the estimated fair value of the customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions used in the valuation model, including validating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the assumptions and estimates. We performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the assets that would result from changes in the assumptions and compared the more sensitive significant assumptions used by management to current industry and competitor data and the Company’s own historical results. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management’s estimates for previous acquisitions. In addition, we involved a valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and the significant assumptions underlying the fair value estimates. 
We have audited salesforce.com, inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, salesforce.com, inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2020, based on the COSO criteria.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Capital expenditures as presented on the statement of cash flow were approximately $ 0.9 billion, $ 1.0 billion and $ 0.9 billion for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and excluded $ 324 million, $ 249 million and $ 275 million for accrued capital expenditures not yet paid. 
In connection with our restructuring program, we recorded non-cash property, plant and equipment write-downs (including accelerated depreciation and asset impairments) and losses/(gains) on disposal within asset impairment and exit costs on the consolidated statements of earnings and within the segment results as follows (refer to Note 8, Restructuring Program ): 
We have operating and finance leases for manufacturing and distribution facilities, vehicles, equipment and office space. Our leases have remaining lease terms of 1 to 17 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 6 years.
