WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents the pretax impact of derivatives designated as fair value hedges on income, including offsetting changes in fair value of the hedged items and amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness (in millions). Upon adoption of ASU 2016-01 on January 1, 2018 , the Company no longer designates any of its derivatives as fair value hedges. As a result, there was no activity related to derivatives designated as fair value hedges for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018  . As this hedge relationship was not active as of the date of adoption of ASU 2017-12, no transition adjustment was required. 
Redeemable noncontrolling interests are presented outside of permanent equity on the Company's consolidated balance sheet when the put right is outside of the Company's control. Redeemable noncontrolling interests reflected as of the balance sheet date are the greater of the noncontrolling interest balances adjusted for comprehensive income items and distributions or the redemption values remeasured at the period end foreign exchange rates (i.e., the "floor"). Adjustments to the carrying amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests to redemption value as a result of changes in exchange rates are reflected in currency translation adjustments, a component of other comprehensive income (loss) ; however, such currency translation adjustments to redemption value are allocated to Discovery stockholders only. Redeemable noncontrolling interest adjustments of redemption value to the floor are reflected in retained earnings. The adjustment of redemption value to the floor that reflects a redemption in excess of fair value is included as an adjustment to income from continuing operations available to Discovery, Inc. stockholders in the calculation of earnings per share. (See Note 19.) The table below summarizes the Company's redeemable noncontrolling interests balances (in millions). 
Hasbro Inc ("Hasbro") has the right to put the entirety of its remaining 40 % interest in Discovery Family to Discovery at any time during the one-year period beginning December 31, 2021 , or in the event a Discovery performance obligation related to Discovery Family is not met. Embedded in the redeemable noncontrolling interest is also a Discovery call right that is exercisable for one year after December 31, 2021 . Upon the exercise of the put or call options, the price to be paid for the redeemable noncontrolling interest is a function of the then-current fair market value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest, to which certain discounts and floor values may apply in specified situations depending upon the party exercising the put or call and the basis for the exercise of the put or call.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2022, we announced that an affiliate of Enterprise entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Navitas Midstream Partners, LLC (“Navitas Midstream”) from an affiliate of Warburg Pincus LLC in a debt-free transaction for $3.25 billion in cash consideration (subject to adjustment in accordance with the agreement). Navitas Midstream’s assets include approximately 1,750 miles of pipelines and over 1.0 Bcf/d of cryogenic natural gas processing capacity. The purchase price was paid in cash at closing on February 17, 2022. We funded the cash consideration for this acquisition using proceeds from the issuance of short-term notes under EPO’s commercial paper program and cash on hand. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding this acquisition.
NGL prices for ethane, propane, normal butane, isobutane and natural gasoline are based on Mont Belvieu, Texas Non-TET commercial index prices as reported by Oil Price Information Service, which is a division of Dow Jones .
Polymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS. Refinery grade propylene (“RGP”) prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS Markit (“IHS”).

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
When we use derivatives, we are exposed to credit and market risks. We reduce our credit risk by entering into transactions with counterparties with high quality, investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure with each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition of our counterparties. We also maintain a policy of requiring that all significant, non-exchange traded derivative contracts with a duration of one year or longer are governed by an International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreement. We manage derivative market risk by limiting the types of derivative instruments, derivative strategies we use, and the degree of market risk that we plan to hedge through the use of derivative instruments. 
We record derivative financial instruments on a gross basis in our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our instruments are recorded within other current assets, other assets, other current liabilities, and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
Mark-to-market gains or losses related to our economic hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows in other non-cash items, net, within operating activities. Cash flows related to the settlement of derivative instruments designated as hedges of net investments in non-U.S. operations are classified in the consolidated
