SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested options with a fair value of $ 103 million. Of the total consideration, $ 81 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 22 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
The Company invested $ 14 million in a noncontrolling equity investment in ClickSoftware in July 2015. The Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 39 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in ClickSoftware held before the business combination. The gain is included in gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
In June 2019, Salesforce.org, the independent nonprofit social enterprise that resold the Company's service offerings to non-profit and higher education organizations, was combined with the Company. The Company has included the financial results of Salesforce.org, which are not material to income from operations in fiscal 2020, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The business combination with Salesforce.org in June 2019 contributed approximately $ 228 million total revenues in fiscal 2020. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material.

BOEING CO report:
Fixed-price development work is inherently uncertain and subject to significant variability in estimates of the cost and time required to complete the work. BDS fixed-price contracts with significant development work include Commercial Crew, KC-46A Tanker, T-7A Red Hawk (formerly T-X Trainer), VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, MQ-25, and commercial and military satellites. The operational and technical complexities of these contracts create financial risk, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations or other financially significant exposure. Changes to cost and revenue estimates could result in lower margins or material charges for reach-forward losses. For example, we have recorded reach-forward losses of $ 148 on KC-46A Tanker and $ 489 on Commercial Crew in 2019. Moreover, our fixed-price development programs remain subject to additional reach-forward losses if we experience further production, technical or quality issues, schedule delays, or increased costs. 
In 2011, we were awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force (USAF) to design, develop, manufacture and deliver four next generation aerial refueling tankers. This EMD contract is a fixed-price incentive fee contract and involves highly complex designs and systems integration. Since 2016, the USAF has authorized five low rate initial production (LRIP) lots for a total of 67 aircraft. The EMD contract and authorized LRIP lots are valued at approximately $ 15 billion . 
Our final incurred costs for each year are subject to audit and review for allowability by the U.S. government, which can result in payment demands related to costs they believe should be disallowed. We work with the U.S. government to assess the merits of claims and where appropriate reserve for amounts disputed. If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve disputed costs, we could be required to record an earnings charge and/or provide refunds to the U.S. government.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
In the preceding table, the contractual amounts represent the amount at risk if the contract is fully drawn upon, the counterparty defaults and the value of any underlying security becomes worthless. Unless noted otherwise, the Company does not require collateral or other security to support off-balance sheet financial instruments with credit risk. 
Commitments to invest in limited partnership interests represent agreements to acquire new or additional participation in certain limited partnership investments. The Company enters into these agreements in the normal course of business. Because the investments in limited partnerships are not actively traded, it is not practical to estimate the fair value of these commitments. 
Private placement commitments represent commitments to purchase private placement debt and private equity securities at a future date. The Company enters into these agreements in the normal course of business. The fair value of the debt commitments generally cannot be estimated on the date the commitment is made as the terms and conditions of the underlying private placement securities are not yet final. Because the private equity securities are not actively traded, it is not practical to estimate fair value of the commitments.
