MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Cash $ 52   Receivables 102   Inventory 60   Other current assets 3   Property, plant and equipment 379   Finance leases right of use assets 8   Definite life intangible assets 48   Indefinite life intangible assets 686   Goodwill 795   Other assets 77   Assets acquired $ 2,210   Current liabilities 133   Deferred tax liability 158   Finance lease liabilities 8   Other liabilities 21   Total purchase price $ 1,890   Less: long-term debt ( 436 ) Less: cash received ( 52 ) Net Cash Paid $ 1,402   
Within indefinite-life intangible assets, we allocated $ 686 million to trade name. The fair value for the 7 Days trade name, which is the primary asset acquired, was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach at the acquisition date. The fair value measurements of indefinite-life intangible assets are based on significant unobservable inputs, and thus represent Leve l 3 inputs. Significant assumptions used in assessing the fair values of intangible assets include forecasted future cash flows and discount rates. 
Goodwill was determined as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired and arises principally as a result of expansion opportunities and synergies across both new and legacy product categories. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. All of the goodwill was assigned to the Europe operating segment.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We may also be affected by increasingly stringent U.S. federal and foreign environmental laws and regulations that will apply to us or our customers in the future, some of which could increase the cost or reduce the demand for our products and services. For example, due to concern over the risk of climate change, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In other countries, proposed regulations include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Although the ultimate impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, they could make our products more expensive or reduce demand for petroleum products, as well as shift demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources. This, in turn, could affect our operations, earnings and competitive position. 
This 2019 10-K Report and the information incorporated by reference in it, or made by us in other reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, teleconferences, industry conferences or otherwise, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “plan,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. Specifically, this 2019 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements about (i) our expectations regarding the conditions in the aviation, land, and marine markets and the impact on our business, including volume, fuel prices, and the impact of the coronavirus outbreak on us and our customers, (ii) our expectations about the financial impact of portfolio rationalization and our ability to redeploy such capital into activities with sustainable revenue and expected returns, (iii) our expectations regarding sales to government customers,particularly NATO in Afghanistan, and the related impact on our profitability , 
(iv) our beliefs regarding our competitive advantages and our ability to capitalize on these to drive growth, (v) estimates regarding the short and long-term savings and synergies from our cost-savings initiatives and the benefits of our restructuring plan, (vi) our expectations regarding our working capital, liquidity, capital expenditure requirements, (vii) our expectations and estimates regarding certain tax, legal and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, (viii) our expectations regarding the financial and operational impact of our investments in automation and technology, including transaction processing costs, (ix) our expectations regarding the financial impact of acquisitions and divestitures, including estimates of future expenses and our ability to realize estimated synergies, and (x) estimates regarding the financial impact of our derivative contracts. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosures contained in our SEC filings.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our ethylene export terminal increased $23.3 million year-to-year primarily due to higher export volumes of 4 MBPD (net to our interest) . Gross operating margin from our other ethylene activities increased $24.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher storage fees, which accounted for an $11.5 million increase, higher sales volumes, which accounted for a $4.7 million increase, and higher average sales margins, which accounted for an additional $4.6 million increase. 
Based on current market conditions (as of the filing date of this annual report), we believe that the Partnership and its consolidated businesses will have sufficient liquidity, cash flow from operations and access to capital markets to fund their capital investments and working capital needs for the reasonably foreseeable future. At December 31, 2021, we had $ 7.32 billion of consolidated liquidity, which was comprised of $ 4.5 billion of available borrowing capacity under EPO’s revolving credit facilities and $ 2.82 billion of unrestricted cash on hand. 
We may issue debt and equity securities to assist us in meeting our future funding and liquidity requirements, including those related to capital investments. We have a universal shelf registration statement (the “2021 Shelf”) on file with the SEC which allows the Partnership and EPO to issue an unlimited amount of equity and debt securities, respectively. The 2021 Shelf replaced our prior universal shelf registration statement, which is set to expire in March 2022.
