BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Aaron Buettner, 48- Mr. Buettner has served as President, Food Solutions since January 1, 2022, having previously served as President, Bunge Loders Croklaan (Loders) since May 2019. Mr. Buettner joined Bunge in September 2015 serving as Vice President, Global Oils. Prior to joining Bunge, Mr. Buettner worked at Cargill for 19 years in a variety of commercial, finance and general management leadership roles in the United States, Russia and Asia-Pacific refined oils businesses. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting and Computer Science from the University of Northern Iowa and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. 
Robert Coviello, 53 -Mr. Coviello has served as Chief Sustainability Officer and Government Affairs since May 2019. As a member of the Bunge team for more than 18 years, Mr. Coviello has held a variety of commercial leadership positions in Asia, Europe and the U.S. Prior to joining Bunge, Mr. Coviello served in trading roles at Cargill in the U.S. He holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Mr. Coviello also serves on the Board of Directors of Lamb Weston, a New York Stock Exchange company. 
Christos Dimopoulos, 48 -Mr. Dimopoulos has served as President, Global Supply Chains since May 2019. Mr. Dimopoulos joined Bunge in 2004 as a grain trader and subsequently held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility in the Agribusiness Segment, most recently serving as Senior Vice President Global Grains and Oilseeds. Prior to Bunge, Mr. Dimopoulos held roles in Europe and the United States with Tradigrain and Intrade Risk Management. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Management and Marketing from HEC Lausanne in Switzerland.

SALESFORCE INC report:
(2) Operating leases do not include sublease income. The Company has entered into various sublease agreements with third parties. Under these agreements, the Company expects to receive sublease income of approximately $ 146 million in the next five years and $ 79 million thereafter. 
(3) Total Financing Obligation - Leased Facility represents the total obligation on the Company’s lease agreement at 350 Mission including amounts allocated to interest and the implied lease for the land. As of January 31, 2019, $ 215 million of the total $ 279 million above was recorded to Financing obligation leased facility, of which the current portion is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities and the noncurrent portion is included in other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Upon adoption of ASC 842, the lease is accounted for as a finance lease. 
As of January 31, 2020, the Company had a total of $ 94 million in letters of credit outstanding substantially in favor of certain landlords for office space. These letters of credit renew annually and expire at various dates through 2033.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Residential Fixed Services . We provide residential fixed connectivity solutions to customers over our 100% fiber-optic network under the Fios brand, and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. During 2018, we commercially launched fifth-generation (5G) wireless technology for the home (5G Home) on proprietary standards in four U.S. markets and on global standards in a fifth market in 2019. 
We offer residential fixed services tailored to the needs of our customers. Depending on those needs at a particular time, our services may include features related to, among other things: Internet access at different speed tiers using fiber-optic, copper or wireless technology; video services that may feature a variety of channel options, video on demand products, cloud-based services and digital video recording capabilities; over-the-top video services; and voice services. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, our Business segment provides communications products and enhanced services, including video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT products and services.
