ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In addition to mergers and acquisitions, we invest in early-stage companies to more mature companies both domestically and internationally to support our business initiatives and enhance our partner ecosystem. As the enterprise cloud computing ecosystem continues to mature and technologies change, our investment strategy and corresponding investment opportunities have expanded to include investments in companies concurrently with their initial public offerings, as well as larger capital investments in late stage companies and investments in emerging markets. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments, including in companies representing targeted geographies and targeted business and technological initiatives, as opportunities arise that we find attractive. 
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application 
instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
With respect to LPG, our current estimated maximum loading capacity at EHT is approximately 835 MBPD, with 175 MBPD of this loading capacity placed into service during the third quarter of 2019. The expansion project announced in July 2019 is currently expected to increase our LPG loading capacity at EHT by an additional 265 MBPD and be placed into service during the second half of 2021. When this latest expansion project is completed, EHT will have a new maximum LPG loading capacity of approximately 1.1 MMBPD, or 33 MMBbls per month.
In light of growing international demand for PGP, we also announced in July 2019 an expansion project at EHT that is currently expected to increase its export capability for semi- or fully-refrigerated PGP by 3,500 barrels per hour, or approximately 84 MBPD. Our current loading capacity at EHT for PGP is approximately 2,500 barrels per hour, or 60 MBPD, of semi-refrigerated product. With the addition of fully refrigerated volumes due to t he expansion project, EHT will be able to co-load fully refrigerated PGP and LPG volumes onto the same vessel. This expansion project is expected to be placed into service during the second half of 2021.
We provide midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products. Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are contingent on the supply of, and demand for the energy commodities we handle across our integrated midstream energy asset network. The following information presents our views on key midstream energy supply and demand fundamentals going into 2020.
