ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Balances related to operating leases are included in operating lease ROU assets, accrued and other current liabilities, operating lease current liabilities and non-current operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases represent a small portion of the active lease agreements and are included in finance lease ROU assets, current maturities of long-term debt and long-term debt, less current maturities in our consolidated balance sheets. The ROU assets represent the Partnership’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation of the Partnership to make minimum lease payments arising from the lease for the duration of the lease term. 
Most leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to 20 years or greater. The exercise of lease renewal options is typically at the sole discretion of the Partnership and lease extensions are evaluated on a lease-by-lease basis. Leases containing early termination clauses typically require the agreement of both parties to the lease. At the inception of a lease, all renewal options reasonably certain to be exercised are considered when determining the lease term. The depreciable life of lease assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term. 
To determine the present value of future minimum lease payments, we use the implicit rate when readily determinable. Presently, because many of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Partnership applies its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date to determine the present value of minimum lease payments. The operating and finance lease ROU assets include any lease payments made and exclude lease incentives.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Our Assets – Our people find creative ways to optimize our large, integrated and diversified asset base to provide incremental services to customers and to respond to market opportunities. Additional production volumes could lead to higher demand for processing, transportation, fractionation and terminaling services. Storage services provide valuable flexibility for customers seeking to balance supply and demand while also allowing us to capture valuable contango and other marketing opportunities should they arise.
 • Our Customers – We have contracted with a large number of quality customers in order to achieve revenue diversification. In 2021, our top 200 largest customers represented 98.6% of consolidated revenues. Based on their respective year-end 2021 debt ratings, 87.0% of revenues from our top 200 customers were either investment grade rated or backed by letters of credit. Additionally, less than 3% of our top 200 customer revenues were attributable to sub-investment grade or non-rated upstream producers.
 • Our Liquidity – At December 31, 2021, we had $7.32 billion of consolidated liquidity, which was comprised of $4.5 billion of available borrowing capacity under EPO’s revolving credit facilities and $2.82 billion of unrestricted cash on hand. Our liquidity is supported by investment grade credit ratings on EPO’s long-term senior unsecured debt of BBB+, Baa1 and BBB+ from Standard and Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch, respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason.
