WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil and propane to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies. These transactions may be pursuant to fuel purchase contracts or through spot sales. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain strategic locations, including pipelines. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market‑based formulas. 
Finally, we provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal commonly referred to as “racks,” which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third‑parties. 
Through our extensive network, we market fuel, lubricants and related products and services to a broad base of marine customers, including international container and tanker fleets, commercial cruise lines, yachts and time-charter operators, U.S. and foreign governments, as well as other fuel suppliers. We provide our customers with real‑time global market intelligence and rapid access to quality, and competitively priced, marine fuel 24 hours a day, every day of the year. Our marine fuel-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel, cost control through the use of price risk management offerings, quality control, claims management, and card payment solutions and related processing services.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We routinely review the effectiveness of our derivative instrument portfolios in light of current market conditions. Accordingly, the nature and volume of our derivative instruments may change depending on the specific exposure being managed. 
See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding our derivative instruments and commodity and interest rate hedging activities. 
The prices of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market conditions and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. In order to manage such price risks, we enter into commodity derivative instruments such as physical forward contracts, futures contracts, fixed-for-float swaps, basis swaps and option contracts.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Competition – We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, product innovation and high standards of product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions. 
Pricing – Our net revenue growth and profitability may be affected as we adjust prices to address new conditions. We adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including demand, the competitive environment and changes in our product input costs. We generally have increased prices in response to higher commodity costs, currency and other market factors. In 2021, we anticipate changing market conditions to continue to impact pricing. Price changes may affect net revenues or market share in the near term as the market adjusts to changes in input costs and other market conditions. 
Operating Costs – Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts and financing costs. We manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing and tax planning. To remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, such as our Simplify to Grow Program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs.
