SALESFORCE INC report:
We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $4.3 billion  at January 31, 2019 . This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectation due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as “available for sale,” no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary. 
An immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 100-basis points at January 31, 2019  could result in a $21 million  market value reduction or increase of the same amount. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in other comprehensive income, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our telematics business, branded Verizon Connect, provides a full array of solutions to both businesses and consumers that combine location-based software, services and data intelligence. Our solutions enable our customers to track, safeguard and optimize vehicles, equipment and data. Verizon Connect’s commercial telematics business was formed by combining our Networkfleet business with the telematics companies acquired in 2016 - Fleetmatics Group PLC, a global provider of fleet and mobile workforce management solutions, and Telogis, Inc., a global, cloud-based mobile enterprise management software business. 
Verizon Connect provides our enterprise and SMB customers with advanced solutions and scale in distribution, research and development, and customer support. Our software solutions support fleet tracking management, compliance management, field service management, asset tracking and other types of mobile resource management business needs. 
Our Verizon Connect consumer offering is anchored by our Hum product. Hum is an aftermarket vehicle technology and subscription service that provides consumers with diagnostic technology in their vehicles, access to live assistance and roadside assistance with GPS accuracy. Our Hum service also offers the ability to connect with a certified mechanic to diagnose potential problems and offer solutions. We also offer end-to-end solutions to automotive OEMs in support of connected vehicle programs that provide value to consumers.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
In addition, the NAIC formed a working group that has developed and adopted a group capital calculation covering all entities of the insurance company group for use in solvency monitoring activities. The calculation is intended to provide analytical information to regulators, and we do not expect potential revisions to impact our current dividend plans. Any increase in the amount of capital or reserves our insurance subsidiaries are required to hold could reduce the amount of future dividends such subsidiaries are able to distribute to the holding company. Any reduction in the risk-based capital (“RBC”) ratios of our insurance subsidiaries could also adversely affect their financial strength ratings as determined by statistical rating agencies. 
Insurance Holding Company Regulation – Change of Control The Allstate Corporation is a holding company and its insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they write business. In the U.S., these subsidiaries are organized under the insurance codes of Alabama, California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina and Texas. Additionally, some of these subsidiaries are considered commercially domiciled in California and Florida. 
Generally, the insurance codes in these states provide that the acquisition or change of “control” of a domestic or commercially domiciled insurer or of any person that controls such an insurer cannot be consummated without the prior approval of the relevant insurance regulator. In general, a presumption of “control” arises from the ownership, control, possession with the power to vote, or possession of proxies with respect to ten percent or more of the voting securities of an insurer or of a person who controls an insurer. In addition, certain state insurance laws require pre-acquisition notification to state agencies of a change in control with respect to a non-domestic insurance company licensed to do business in that state. While such pre-acquisition notification
