BOEING CO report:
In addition, we are subject to various U.S. government inquiries and investigations from which civil, criminal or administrative proceedings could result or have resulted in the past. Such proceedings involve or could involve claims by the government for fines, penalties, compensatory and treble damages, restitution and/or forfeitures. Under government regulations, a company, or one or more of its operating divisions or subdivisions, can also be suspended or debarred from government contracts, or lose its export privileges, based on the results of investigations. Except as described below, we believe, based upon current information, that the outcome of any such legal proceeding, claim, or government dispute and investigation will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Where it is reasonably possible that we will incur losses in excess of recorded amounts in connection with any of the matters set forth below, we will disclose either the amount or range of reasonably possible losses in excess of such amounts or, where no such amount or range can be reasonably estimated, the reasons why no such estimate can be made. 
Multiple legal actions have been filed against us as a result of the October 29, 2018 accident of Lion Air Flight 610 and the March 10, 2019 accident of Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302. Further, we are subject to, and cooperating with ongoing governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries relating to the accidents and the 737 MAX, including an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the outcome of which may be material. Other than with respect to the agreement described below with the U.S. Department of Justice, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, not covered by available insurance that may result given the current status of the pending lawsuits, investigations, and inquiries related to the 737 MAX. 
On January 6, 2021, we entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice that resolves the Department of Justice’s previously disclosed investigation into us regarding the evaluation of the 737 MAX airplane by the Federal Aviation Administration. Under the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement, we agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging the Company with one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States, based on the conduct of two former 737 MAX program technical pilots; the criminal information will be dismissed after three years, provided that we comply with our obligations under the agreement. The Deferred Prosecution Agreement requires that we make payments totaling $ 2.51 billion, which consist of (a) a $ 243.6 million criminal monetary penalty; (b) $ 500 million in additional compensation to the heirs and/or beneficiaries of those who died in the Lion Air Flight 610 and Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302 accidents; and (c) $ 1.77 billion to the Company’s airline customers for harm incurred as a result of the grounding of the 737 MAX, offset in part by payments already made and the remainder satisfied through payments to be made prior to the termination of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement. The agreement also requires that we review our compliance program and undertake continuous improvement efforts with respect to it, and implement enhanced compliance reporting and internal controls mechanisms. Of the payments described above, $ 1.77 billion has been included in amounts reserved in prior quarters for 737 MAX customer considerations. We incurred earnings charges equal to the remaining $ 743.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 related to this agreement.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Changes in homeowners current year claim severity are generally influenced by inflation in the cost of building materials, the cost of construction and property repair services, the cost of replacing home furnishings and other contents, the types of claims that qualify for coverage, deductibles, other economic and environmental factors and the effectiveness and efficiency of our claim practices. We employ various loss management programs to mitigate the effect of these factors. 
As loss experience for the current year develops for each type of loss, it is monitored relative to initial assumptions until it is judged to have sufficient statistical credibility. From that point in time and forward, reserves are reestimated using statistical actuarial processes to reflect the impact actual loss trends have on development factors incorporated into the actuarial estimation processes. Statistical credibility is usually achieved by the end of the first calendar year; however, when trends for the current accident year exceed initial assumptions sooner, they are usually determined to be credible, and reserves are increased accordingly. 
The very detailed processes for developing reserve estimates, and the lack of a need and existence of a common set of assumptions or development factors, limits aggregate reserve level testing for variability of data elements. However, by applying standard actuarial methods to consolidated historic accident year loss data for major loss types, comprising auto injury losses, auto physical damage losses and homeowner losses, we develop variability analyses consistent with the way we develop reserves by measuring the potential variability of development factors, as described in the section titled “Potential Reserve Estimate Variability” below.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Demand for our purchased and processed Agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products. 
We expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our Agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. We also expect that, from time to time, imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions, which impacts our decisions regarding whether, when and where to purchase, store, transport, process or sell these commodities, including whether to change the location of or adjust our own oilseed processing capacity. 
Additionally, price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital, such as inventories, accounts receivable and borrowings over the course of a given year. For example, increased availability of commodities at harvest times often causes fluctuations in our inventories and borrowings. Increases in agricultural commodity prices will also generally cause our cash flow requirements to increase as our operations require increased use of cash to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to hedge our physical inventories.
