SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and the communities in which we work and live. We believe that values drive value, and that effectively managing our priority Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics will help create long-term value for our investors. We also believe that transparently disclosing the goals and relevant metrics related to our ESG programs will allow our stakeholders to be informed about our progress. 
Our ESG disclosures include our annual stakeholder impact report, our Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) report, Sustainability Bond report and others as required by location regulations. The disclosures are informed by an internal ESG prioritization assessment refreshed in fiscal 2022, which assessed topics based on their potential impact to both our own enterprise value creation and the environment and society more broadly. The assessment gathered input from a number of our key internal and external stakeholders, such as investors, customers, suppliers, our employees and executives, non-governmental organizations and sector organizations. Our ESG disclosures are also informed by relevant topics identified through third-party ESG reporting organizations, frameworks and standards, such as the TCFD. More information on our key ESG programs, goals and commitments, and key metrics can be found in our annual Stakeholder Impact Report, https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report. 
While we believe that our ESG goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities, they are aspirational and may change, and there is no guarantee or promise that they will be met.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
On September 23, 2016, USF, through a wholly owned subsidiary, legally defeased the commercial mortgage backed securities facility (the “CMBS Fixed Facility”), scheduled to mature on August 1, 2017. The CMBS Fixed Facility had an outstanding balance of $471 million  net of unamortized deferred financing costs of $1 million . The cash outlay for the defeasance of $485 million  represented the purchase price of U.S. government securities that would generate sufficient cash flow to fund interest payments from the effective date of the defeasance through, and including the repayment of, the $472 million  principal for the CMBS Fixed Facility on February 1, 2017, the earliest date the loan could be prepaid. The defeasance resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $12 million , consisting of the difference between the purchase price of the U.S. government securities, not attributable to accrued interest through the effective date of the defeasance, and the outstanding principal of the CMBS Fixed Facility, and other costs of $1 million , consisting of unamortized deferred financing costs and other third party costs. 
Substantially all of the Company’s assets are pledged under the various agreements governing our indebtedness. Debt under the ABS Facility is secured by certain designated receivables and, in certain circumstances, by restricted cash. The ABL Facility is secured by certain other designated receivables not pledged under the ABS Facility, as well as inventory and tractors and trailers owned by the Company. Additionally, the lenders under the ABL Facility have a second priority interest in the assets pledged under the Term Loan Facility. USF’s obligations under the Term Loan Facility are secured by all of the capital stock of USF and its direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, as defined in the agreements, and substantially all non-real estate assets of USF and its subsidiaries not pledged under the ABS Facility or the ABL Facility. Additionally, the lenders under the Term Loan Facility have a second priority interest in the inventory and tractors and trailers pledged under the ABL Facility. USF’s interest rate swap obligations are secured by the collateral securing the ABL Facility. Pursuant to the terms of the interest rate swap agreement between each of the interest rate swap counterparties and USF, each of the interest rate swap counterparties has agreed that its right to receive payment from the sale of the collateral is subordinate to the rights of the lenders under the ABL Facility. USF is not required to provide additional collateral to its hedge counterparties. 
USF's credit facilities, loan agreements and indentures contain customary covenants. These include, among other things, covenants that restrict USF’s ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, pay dividends, or engage in mergers or consolidations. As of December 29, 2018 , USF had $991 million  of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $2,238 million  of its net assets were

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
Established Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition, Abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Duphalac™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.
