BOEING CO report:
Non-operating postretirement income included in Other income, net was $58 million in 2022, compared with income of $1 million in 2021 and expense of $16 million in 2020. The increased income in 2022 and 2021 was due to lower amortization of net actuarial losses. 
In August 2022, the President signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which contained provisions effective January 1, 2023, including a 15% corporate minimum tax and a 1% excise tax on stock buybacks, both of which we do not expect to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. For additional discussion related to Income Taxes, see Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Cost of sales, for both products and services, consists primarily of raw materials, parts, sub-assemblies, labor, overhead and subcontracting costs. Our BCA segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales. Under program accounting, cost of sales for each commercial aircraft program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. For long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. Substantially all contracts at our BDS segment and certain contracts at our BGS segment are long-term contracts with the U.S. government and other customers that generally extend over several years. Cost of sales for commercial spare parts is recorded at average cost.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. Intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. As a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets. In contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as Foreign exchange (losses) gains - net. 
As a Bermuda exempted company, we are not subject to income taxes in our jurisdiction of incorporation. However, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 35%. The jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are Brazil, the United States, Argentina, Switzerland, and Bermuda. Determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events. 
Total segment earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT") is an operating performance measure used by Bunge’s management to evaluate segment operating activities. Bunge also uses Core Segment EBIT, Non-core Segment EBIT and Total Segment EBIT to evaluate the operating performance of Bunge’s Core reportable segments, Non-core reportable segments, and Total reportable segments together with Corporate and Other. Core Segment EBIT is the aggregate of the EBIT of each of Bunge’s Agribusiness, Refined and Specialty Oils, and Milling segments. Non-core Segment EBIT is the EBIT of Bunge’s Sugar & Bioenergy segment. Total Segment EBIT is the aggregate of the EBIT of Bunge’s Core and Non-core reportable segments, together with Corporate and Other. Bunge’s management believes Core Segment EBIT, Non-core Segment EBIT, and Total Segment EBIT are useful measures of operating profitability since the measures allow for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to financing methods or capital structure. In addition, EBIT is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in Bunge’s industry. Total Segment EBIT is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure and is not intended to replace Net income attributable to Bunge, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure. Further, Total Segment EBIT excludes EBIT attributable to noncontrolling interests and is not a measure of consolidated operating results under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to Net income or any other measure of consolidated operating results under U.S. GAAP. See the reconciliation of Net income attributable to Bunge to Total Segment EBIT below.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The DAC and DSI balances presented include adjustments to reflect the amount by which the amortization of DAC and DSI would increase or decrease if the unrealized capital gains or losses in the respective product investment portfolios were actually realized. The adjustments are recorded net of tax in AOCI. DAC, DSI and deferred income taxes determined on unrealized capital gains and losses and reported in AOCI recognize the impact on shareholders’ equity consistently with the amounts that would be recognized in the income statement on realized capital gains and losses. 
Customers of the Company may exchange one insurance policy or investment contract for another offered by the Company, or make modifications to an existing investment, life or property and casualty contract issued by the Company. These transactions are identified as internal replacements for accounting purposes. Internal replacement transactions determined to result in replacement contracts that are substantially unchanged from the replaced contracts are accounted for as continuations of the replaced contracts. Unamortized DAC and DSI related to the replaced contracts continue to be deferred and amortized in connection with the replacement contracts. For interest-sensitive life and investment contracts, the EGP of the replacement contracts are 
treated as a revision to the EGP of the replaced contracts in the determination of amortization of DAC and DSI. For traditional life and property and casualty insurance policies, any changes to unamortized DAC that result from replacement contracts are treated as prospective revisions. Any costs associated with the issuance of replacement contracts are characterized as maintenance costs and expensed as incurred. Internal replacement transactions determined to result in a substantial change to the replaced contracts are accounted for as an extinguishment of the replaced contracts, and any unamortized DAC and DSI related to the replaced contracts are eliminated with a corresponding charge to amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs or interest credited to contractholder funds, respectively.
