ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2018, we announced plans to expand our butane isomerization facility by up to 30 MBPD of incremental capacity. The expansion is supported by long-term agreements to provide butane isomerization, storage and related pipeline services. We currently expect this project to be completed in the first quarter of 2022.
We own and operate an octane enhancement production facility located at our Mont Belvieu complex that is designed to produce isobutylene and either isooctane or methyl tertiary butyl ether (“MTBE”). The products produced by this facility are used by refiners to increase octane values in reformulated motor gasoline blends. The high-purity isobutane feedstocks consumed in the production of these products are supplied by our isomerization units.
We sell our octane enhancement products at market-based prices. We attempt to mitigate the price risk associated with these products by entering into commodity derivative instruments. To the extent that we produce MTBE, it is sold exclusively into the export market. We measure the utilization of our octane enhancement facility in terms of its combined isooctane, isobutylene and MTBE production volumes, which averaged 22 MBPD, 24 MBPD and 23 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
During the year ended December 31, 2017 , in conjunction with the Scripps Networks acquisition (see Note 3 and Note 9), the Company entered into $4 billion notional amount of interest rate contracts used to economically hedge a portion of the pricing of the 2017  USD Notes. These interest rate contracts were settled on September 21, 2017  and did not receive hedging designation. The Company recognized a $98 million loss in connection with these interest rate contracts, which has been reflected as a component of other (expense) income, net on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
The Company records all unsettled derivative contracts at their gross fair values on the consolidated balance sheets. (See Note 5.) The portion of the fair value that represents cash flows occurring within one year are classified as current, and the portion related to cash flows occurring beyond one year are classified as noncurrent. 
The following table summarizes the impact of derivative financial instruments on the Company's consolidated balance sheets (in millions). There were no  amounts eligible to be offset under master netting agreements as of December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 .

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The agreements relating to the ETO senior notes contain restrictive covenants customary for an issuer with an investment-grade rating from the rating agencies, which covenants include limitations on liens and a restriction on sale-leaseback transactions. 
The ETO Credit Facilities contains covenants that limit (subject to certain exceptions) the Partnership’s and certain of the Partnership’s subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things:   
make Distributions (as defined in the ETO Credit Facilities) during certain Defaults (as defined in the ETO Credit Facilities) and during any Event of Default (as defined in the ETO Credit Facilities);
