WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into transactions with related parties. Related parties include entities that share common directorship, such as Liberty Global plc (“Liberty Global”), Liberty Broadband Corporation ("Liberty Broadband") and their subsidiaries and equity method investees (together the “Liberty Group”). Discovery’s Board of Directors includes Mr. Malone, who is Chairman of the Board of Liberty Global and beneficially owns approximately 30 % of the aggregate voting power with respect to the election of directors of Liberty Global. Mr. Malone is also Chairman of the Board of Liberty Broadband and beneficially owns approximately 49 % of the aggregate voting power with respect to the election of directors of Liberty Broadband. The majority of the revenue earned from the Liberty Group relates to multi-year network distribution arrangements. Related party transactions also include revenues and expenses for content and services provided to or acquired from equity method investees or minority partners of consolidated subsidiaries. 
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into various commitments, which primarily include programming and talent arrangements, operating and finance leases (See Note 9), arrangements to purchase various goods and services, and future funding commitments to equity method investees. 
Content purchase obligations include commitments and liabilities associated with third-party producers and sports associations for content that airs on our television networks. Production contracts generally require: purchase of a specified number of episodes; payments over the term of the license; and include both programs that have been delivered and are available for airing and programs that have not yet been produced or sporting events that have not yet taken place. If the content is ultimately never produced, our commitments expire without obligation. The commitments disclosed above exclude content liabilities recognized on the consolidated balance sheet.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
ETO previously owned a   49.99%   interest in HPC, which owns RIGS . In April 2018, ETO acquired the remaining   50.01%   interest in HPC. Prior to April 2018, HPC was reflected as an unconsolidated affiliate in ETO’s financial statements; beginning in April 2018, RIGS is reflected as a wholly-owned subsidiary in ETO’s financial statements. 
In April 2018, ETO issued   18 million   of its   7.375%   Series C Preferred Units (liquidation preference of   $25   per unit) resulting in total gross proceeds of   $450 million . The proceeds were used to repay amounts outstanding under ETO’s revolving credit facility and for general partnership purposes. 
On April 2, 2018, ET acquired a controlling interest in USAC, a publicly traded partnership that provides compression services in the United States. Specifically the Partnership acquired (i) all of the outstanding limited liability company interests in USA Compression GP, LLC (“USAC GP”), the general partner of USAC, and (ii)   12,466,912   USAC common units representing limited partner interests in USAC for cash consideration equal to   $250 million   (the “USAC Transaction”). Concurrently, USAC cancelled its incentive distribution rights and converted its economic general partner interest into a non-economic general partner interest in exchange for the issuance of   8,000,000   USAC common units to USAC GP.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our related marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of gross operating margin, a non-generally accepted accounting principle (“non-GAAP”) financial measure, for the partnership. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold. 
Our results of operations and financial condition are subject to certain significant risks. Factors that can affect the demand for our products and services include domestic and international economic conditions, the market price and demand for energy, the cost to develop natural gas and crude oil reserves in the U.S., federal and state regulation, the cost and availability of capital to energy companies to invest in upstream exploration and production activities and the credit quality of our customers. For information regarding such risks, see Part I, Item 1A of this annual report. 
In addition, our business activities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing a wide variety of topics, including commercial, operational, environmental and other matters. For a discussion of the principal effects of such laws and regulations on our business activities, see “Regulatory Matters” included under Part I, Items 1 and 2 of this annual report.
