ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Outside the U.S., in September 2020, Rapid Diagnostics launched its Panbio ® rapid antigen test to detect COVID-19 pursuant to a CE Mark. In June 2021, Abbott announced that it had received CE Mark for its over-the-counter Panbio COVID-19 Antigen Self-Test for individuals with or without symptoms. 
In 2020, Molecular Diagnostics developed and launched molecular tests to detect COVID-19 using polymerase chain reaction (PCR) methods on its m2000 ® RealTi m e lab-based platform and its Alinity ® m system pursuant to EUAs in the U.S. and CE Marks. Molecular Diagnostics also developed and launched its multiplex molecular test on its Alinity m system to detect COVID-19, influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in one test. This multiplex molecular test was launched pursuant to a CE Mark in December 2020 and an EUA in the U.S. in March 2021. 
In 2020 and 2021, Core Laboratory Diagnostics developed and launched various lab-based serology blood tests on its ARCHITECT ® i1000SR ® and ARCHITECT i2000SR ® laboratory instruments and on its Alinity i system for the detection of an antibody to determine if someone was previously infected with the COVID-19 virus. The tests were launched under EUAs in the U.S. and CE Marks.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Average daily volume increased for both domestic and export products. Business-to-consumer volume increased as the COVID-19 pandemic drove growth in e-commerce. Business-to-business volume declined as the pandemic negatively impacted business operations globally, however we experienced a slight increase in volumes in the fourth quarter. 
Average daily volume growth was driven primarily by strong demand from the retail and technology sectors due to the increase in e-commerce activity. This was partially offset by lower volumes in manufacturing and other sectors as COVID-19 caused a decline in commercial activity. 
Export volume increased across most major trade lanes, driven by Europe and Asia. Europe export volume growth was highest on the Europe to U.S. trade lane, with intra-Europe volumes also growing significantly. Asia export volume growth was strongest on the Asia to U.S. trade lane. We experienced volume growth from both our large customers and SMBs, with SMB growth accelerating during the second half of the year. Our premium products saw volume growth, primarily driven by our Worldwide Express product, however growth was stronger in our non-premium products, such as World Wide Expedited and Transborder Standard due to shifts in customer preference for these products.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date, which is recorded in net gains (losses) on strategic investments within the consolidated  statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within net gains (losses) on strategic investments in the consolidated  statement of operations. 
The Company categorizes leases at their inception as either operating or capital leases. In certain lease agreements, the Company may receive rent holidays and other incentives. The Company recognizes lease costs on a straight-line basis once control of the space is achieved, without regard to deferred payment terms such as rent holidays that defer the commencement date of required payments. Additionally, incentives received are treated as a reduction of costs over the term of the agreement. 
The Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are depreciated over the lease period to operating expense.
