ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
On March 5, 2020, we settled our obligations under the Liquidity Option Agreement by issuing 54,807,352 new common units to Skyline North Americas, Inc. in exchange for the capital stock of OTA. Upon settlement of the Liquidity Option, we indirectly acquired the 54,807,352 Partnership common units owned by OTA (which were issued by us to OTA in October 2014) and assumed all future income tax obligations of OTA, including its deferred tax liability. For additional information regarding settlement of the Liquidity Option, see Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
On September 30, 2020, we issued and sold an aggregate of 50,000 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Units in a private placement transaction. The stated value of each preferred unit is $1,000 per unit. The total offering price for the preferred units was $50.0 million, of which $32.5 million was received in cash with the remaining $17.5 million funded through the exchange of 1,120,588 of our common units owned by the purchasers. Cash proceeds from the preferred unit offering include $15.0 million received from a privately held affiliate of EPCO for the purchase of 15,000 preferred units. Offering expenses were approximately $1.0 million.
Concurrently, we exchanged all of the 54,807,352 Partnership common units owned directly by OTA for 855,915 of our new preferred units having an equivalent value. The preferred units held by OTA, like the common units OTA held prior to the exchange, are accounted for as treasury units by us in consolidation. The historical cost of the treasury units did not change as a result of the exchange and remains at the $1.3 billion recognized in March 2020 in connection with settlement of the Liquidity Option.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Distribution revenue increased 8% in 2017 compared to 2016. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increased 7%. U.S. Networks distribution revenue increases were driven by increases in affiliate fee rates and increases in SVOD revenue partially offset by a decline in affiliate subscribers. Total U.S. Networks portfolio subscribers declined 5% for the year ended December 31, 2017, while subscribers to our fully distributed networks declined 3% for the same period. International Networks' distribution revenue increase was mostly due to increases in contractual rates in Europe following further investment in sports content, and to a lesser extent increases in Latin America due to increases in rates offset by decreases in subscribers. Contributions from other distribution revenues also contributed slightly to growth. Other distribution revenues were comprised of content deliveries under licensing agreements. These increases were partially offset by decreases in contractual rates in Asia. 
Advertising revenue increased 3% in 2017 compared to 2016. The increase for our U.S. Networks was primarily due to pricing increases and continued monetization of our GO platform, partially offset by lower audience delivery due to continued linear distribution audience universe declines. International Networks' increases were primarily due to increased volume across key markets in Europe, particularly Southern Europe and Germany, and Latin America. The increase was partially offset by declines in ad sales due to lower pricing and volume in Asia. 
Other revenue increased 4% compared with the prior year, primarily due to the formation and consolidation of the MTG joint venture (then known as VTEN) during the third quarter of the current year. (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Refer to Note 9, Financial Instruments , Note 17, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives. 
Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina. 
Applying the definition of “Adjusted EPS” (1) , the adjustments made to “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income tables above as well as net gain or loss related to interest rate swaps; loss on debt extinguishment; U.S. tax reform discrete impacts; gain on equity method investment transactions; and our proportionate share of unusual or infrequent items recorded by our JDE and Keurig equity method investees. We also evaluate Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. We believe Adjusted EPS provides improved comparability of underlying operating results.
