ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The proposed SPOT project consists of onshore and offshore facilities, including a fixed platform located approximately 30 nautical miles off the Texas coast in approximately 115 feet of water. SPOT is designed to load VLCCs and other crude oil tankers at rates of approximately 85,000 barrels per hour. The platform will be connected to an onshore storage facility with approximately 4.8 MMBbls of capacity in Brazoria County, Texas, by two 36-inch, bi-directional pipelines. Additionally, the SPOT project includes state-of-the-art pipeline control, vapor recovery and leak detection systems that are designed to minimize emissions. 
The receipt of the ROD is a significant milestone in the process to obtain a license for SPOT under the Deepwater Port Act. Remaining conditions that we must address and satisfy to obtain approval for the license issuance include routine construction, operating and decommissioning guarantees, submission of public outreach, wetland restoration and volatile organic compound (“VOC”) monitoring plans, and other state approvals. We expect to satisfy these remaining conditions in 2023; however, we can give no assurance as to when or whether the project will ultimately be authorized to begin construction or operation.
In April 2022, Enterprise and Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, LLC (“OLCV”), a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corporation, announced that we have executed a letter of intent to work toward a potential carbon dioxide (“CO 2 ”) transportation and sequestration solution for the Texas Gulf Coast. The joint project would initially be focused on providing services to emitters in the industrial corridors from the greater Houston to Beaumont/Port Arthur areas. The initiative would combine Enterprise’s leadership position in the midstream energy sector with OLCV’s extensive experience in subsurface characterization and CO 2 sequestration.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Taxes – We continue to monitor existing and potential future tax reform around the world. During November 2021, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill that contains significant changes to currently enacted U.S. tax rules but the Senate has not yet acted on it. In December 2021, the OECD released model rules for a global minimum tax. Both of these proposed legislative changes could have a material effect on us if enacted. 
Currency – As a global company with 75.1% of our net revenues generated outside the United States, we are continually exposed to changes in global economic conditions and currency movements. While we hedge significant forecasted currency exchange transactions as well as currency translation impacts from certain net assets of our non-U.S. operations, we cannot fully predict or eliminate all adverse impacts arising from changes in currency exchange rates on our consolidated financial results. To partially offset currency translation impacts arising from our overseas operations, we enter into net investment hedges primarily in the form of local currency-denominated debt, cross-currency swaps and other financial instruments. While we work to mitigate our exposure to currency risks, factors such as continued global and local market volatility, actions by foreign governments, political uncertainty, limited hedging opportunities and other factors could lead to unfavorable currency impacts in the future and could adversely affect our results of operations or financial position. See additional discussion of Brexit and Argentina below and refer also to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , and Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information on how we manage currency and related risks. As currency movements can make comparison of year-over-year operating performance challenging, we isolate the impact of currency and also report growth on a constant currency basis, holding prior-year currency exchange rates constant, so that prior-year and current-year results can be compared on a consistent basis. 
Brexit – Following Brexit in 2020, a new trade arrangement was reached between the U.K. and E.U. that began on January 1, 2021. The main trade provisions include the continuation of no tariffs or quotas on trade between the U.K. and E.U. subject to prescribed trade terms, including but not limited to meeting product and labeling standards for both the U.K. and E.U. Cross-border trade between the U.K. and E.U. is also subject to new customs regulations, documentation and reviews. Our supply chain in this market relies on imports of raw and packaging materials as well as finished goods. To comply with the new requirements, we increased resources in customer service and logistics, in our factories and on our customs support teams. We adapted our processes and systems for the new and increased number of customs transactions. We continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the U.K. We have made investments in resources, systems and processes to meet the new ongoing requirements and we work to mitigate disruptions to our local supply chain and distribution, including those related to the recent transportation labor shortage in the U.K., to reduce the impact on our input and distribution costs. Despite our efforts to control costs, inflationary cost pressures increased in our U.K. business in 2021, as we also experienced in other markets. If the U.K.’s separation from, or new trade arrangements with, the E.U. negatively impact the U.K. economy or result in disagreements on trade terms, delays affecting our supply chain or distribution, disruptions to sales or collections, or further increases in inflationary cost pressures, the impact to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be material. In 2021, we generated 9.3% of our consolidated net revenues in the U.K.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this 2021 10‑K Report, which has been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to unbilled revenue and associated costs of sales, allowance for credit losses, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, certain accrued liabilities, and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
We have identified the areas described below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations given the uncertainties associated with the assumptions underlying each estimate. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other significant accounting policies, see Note 1. Basis of Presentation, New Accounting Standards and Significant Accounting Policies. 
We evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. We periodically evaluate whether the carrying value of long-lived assets (property and equipment, identifiable intangible assets, and leases) and equity investments have been impaired when circumstances indicate the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable.
