WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We operate a variety of free, advertising-based and subscription-based digital products and streaming services providing information and entertainment to consumers in the U.S. and international markets via web, mobile and connected TV platforms. In some cases, those products and services are provided directly to consumers, and in other cases, they can be used and/or purchased through a third-party distributor, such as Xfinity or Hulu. Our digital products and services are subject to federal and state regulation in the U.S. relating to the privacy and security of personal information collected from our users, including laws pertaining to the acquisition of personal information from children under 16. Some examples of these laws include the federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the federal Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act, the Video Privacy Protection Act (VPPA), and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). Many additional U.S. state and federal regulations impose data security and data breach obligations on the Company. These laws and their public and private enforcement are continually evolving, with several comprehensive U.S. state privacy laws effective in 2023, many more introduced and expected to pass in the coming year, and novel litigation theories related to privacy advancing in the courts. Additional federal and state laws and regulations apply or may be adopted with respect to our digital products and services, covering such issues as data privacy and security, child safety, oversight of user-generated content, advertising, competition, pricing, content, copyrights and trademarks, access by persons with disabilities, distribution, taxation and characteristics and quality of products and services. The scope of regulation may differ depending on how these products and services are used and/or purchased. In addition, the FCC from time to time considers whether some or all digital services should be considered MVPDs and regulated as such. 
Our intellectual property assets are discussed under “Business – Intellectual Property” above. Our content, whether distributed over broadcast, cable, DBS, wireless, or internet-based services, or through other means, is protected under intellectual property law, including copyright, trademark, patent, unfair competition, and internet/domain name statutes and laws and license agreements . Changes to these laws and regulations could either strengthen or weaken our ability to license and protect our content and combat its theft or misuse. 
The foreign jurisdictions in which our products and services are offered have, in varying degrees, laws and regulations governing our businesses, including relating to the production, monetization and distribution of content. By way of example, our digital offerings available to consumers in international jurisdictions are subject to laws and regulations relating to, without limitation, consumer protection, data privacy and security, advertising, competition, intellectual property, and content limitations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
For the periods presented, we measure service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along a yield curve used to measure plan obligations to the plans’ liability cash flows. We believe this approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans’ liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. 
Settlement losses include $ 5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 , $ 11 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 and $ 15 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 of pension settlement losses for employees who elected lump- 
sum payments in connection with our Simplify to Grow Program. Retired employees who elected lump-sum payments resulted in net settlement losses of $ 31 million for our U.S. plans and $ 4 million for our non-U.S. plans in 2018 , $ 21 million for our U.S. plans and $ 6 million for our non-U.S. plans in 2017 and $ 15 million for our U.S. plans and $ 6 million for our non-U.S. plans in 2016 . See Note 7, Restructuring Program , for more information.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations are associated with regulated, permitted emissions of air pollutants. As a result, we are subject to the CAA and comparable state laws and regulations including state air quality implementation plans. These laws and regulations regulate emissions of air pollutants from various industrial sources, including certain of our facilities, and also impose various monitoring and reporting requirements. These laws and regulations may also require that we (i) obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or facilities expected to produce air emissions or result in an increase in existing levels of air emissions, (ii) obtain and strictly comply with the requirements of air permits containing various emission and operational limitations, or (iii) utilize specific emission control technologies to limit emissions.
Increasingly, environmental groups are challenging requests to modify or renew permits and seeking to apply more stringent provisions on applicants. Our failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to monetary penalties, injunctions, conditions or restrictions on operations, including enforcement actions, and our inability to renew or secure a needed modification to an existing permit could adversely affect our operations. We may also be required to incur certain capital expenditures for air pollution control equipment in connection with obtaining and maintaining permits and approvals for air emissions.
The CWA and comparable state laws impose strict controls on the discharge of petroleum and its derivatives into regulated waters. The CWA provides penalties for any discharge of petroleum products in reportable quantities and imposes substantial potential liability for the costs of removing petroleum or other hazardous substances. State laws for the control of water pollution also provide varying civil and criminal penalties and liabilities in the case of a release of petroleum or its derivatives into navigable waters or groundwater. Federal spill prevention control and countermeasure mandates require appropriate containment berms and similar structures to help prevent a petroleum tank release from impacting regulated waters. The EPA has also adopted regulations that require us to have permits in order to discharge certain storm water run-off. Storm water discharge permits may also be required by certain states in which we operate and may impose monitoring and other requirements. The CWA prohibits discharges of dredged and fill material in wetlands and other waters of the U.S. unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. We believe that our costs of compliance with these CWA requirements will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
