VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The U.S. wireless market has achieved a high penetration of smartphones, which reduces the opportunity for new phone connection growth for the industry. We expect future revenue growth in the industry to be driven by expanding existing customer relationships, increasing the number of ways customers can connect with wireless networks and services and increasing the penetration of other connected devices including wearables, tablets and IoT devices. We expect 5G technology will provide a significant opportunity for growth in the industry in 2022 and beyond. With respect to our wireless connectivity products and services, we compete against other national wireless service providers, including AT&T Inc. and T-Mobile USA, Inc., as well as various regional wireless service providers. We also compete for retail activations with resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers, including Verizon, and resell it to their customers. Resellers include cable companies and others. We face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc., Meta Platforms, Inc. and others are offering alternative means for messaging and making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless provider’s voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content. 
With respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an important role in the wireless competitive landscape. We compete in this area by offering our customers services and devices that we believe they will regard as the best available value for the price. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. These service offerings will vary from time to time based on customer needs, technology changes and market conditions and may be provided as standard plans or as part of limited time promotional offers. 
We expect future service revenue growth opportunities to arise from increased access revenue as customers shift to higher access plans, driven in part by attractive bundled content with premium brands, as well as from increased connections per account. Future service revenue growth opportunities will be dependent on expanding the penetration of our services, increasing the number of ways that our customers can connect with our networks and services and the development of new ecosystems. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Inclusive Diversity and Equity (“IDE”) We strive for a workforce where the breadth of our diversity makes us a better company. IDE is one of Allstate’s core values and serves as a foundation of Our Shared Purpose. 
• We track our workforce composition data over time to determine if we are making appropriate progress in advancing gender and racial representation in our employee population and we disclose our progress. In our Sustainability Report, we provide, among other things, five years of workforce composition data that shows a breakdown of salaried, hourly and management employees by gender and race. 
• As part of our commitment to fair and equitable compensation practices, we complete an annual pay equity analysis. Over the past two years, we engaged an external firm to provide a more detailed analysis to identify potential pay gaps across substantially similar employee groups as well as identify policies, practices or systematic issues that may contribute to pay gaps now or over time. The external analyses found that Allstate’s results compared well to benchmarks for companies of similar size and scope.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company has included the financial results of Evergage in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition, which were not material. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. 
In August 2019, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Tableau Software, Inc. (“Tableau”) which provides a self-service analytics platform that enables users to easily access, prepare, analyze, and present findings in their data. The Company has included the financial results of Tableau in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $ 40 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Tableau was approximately $ 14.8 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions): 
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 1.103 was applied to convert Tableau's outstanding equity awards for Tableau's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock.
