ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification, including expansion or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act.
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information, financial information and other sensitive personal information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California) have enacted stricter data protection laws that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in business disruption and enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area.
Governmental cost containment efforts also affect Abbott’s nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is the principal for the majority of its transactions and recognizes revenue on a gross basis. The Company is the principal when it has control of the merchandise or service before it is transferred to the member, which generally is established when Costco is primarily responsible for merchandising decisions, pricing discretion, and maintains the relationship with the member, including assurance of member service and satisfaction. 
The Company accounts for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, ratably over the one-year membership period. Deferred membership fees at the end of 2022 and 2021 were $ 2,174 and $ 2,042 , respectively. 
In most countries, the Company's Executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases, subject to an annual maximum value, which does not expire and is redeemable at Costco warehouses. The Company accounts for this reward as a reduction in sales, net of the estimated impact of non-redemptions (breakage), with the corresponding liability classified as accrued member rewards in the consolidated balance sheets. Estimated breakage is computed based on redemption data. For 2022, 2021, and 2020, the net reduction in sales was $ 2,307 , $ 2,047 , and $ 1,707 respectively.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The actuarial (gain) for all postretirement plans in 2020 was driven by gains related to assumption changes partially offset by losses related to a change in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations of those plans. All postretirement plans in 2019 experienced an actuarial loss related to a change in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations of those plans. 
Year-end discount rates for our U.S., Canadian and U.K. plans were developed from a model portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments with durations that match the expected future cash flows of the benefit obligations. Year-end discount rates for our remaining non-U.S. plans were developed from local bond indices that match local benefit obligations as closely as possible. Changes in our discount rates were primarily the result of changes in bond yields year-over-year. Our expected health care cost trend rate is based on historical costs. 
For the periods presented, we measure service and interest costs for other postretirement benefits by applying the specific spot rates along a yield curve used to measure plan obligations to the plans’ liability cash flows. We believe this approach provides a good measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans’ liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve.
