COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. With respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Because our business operates on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and SG&A expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income. 
Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and Other International operating segments (see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report). Certain operations in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery. 
In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars. This impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Refer to Note 11, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and Note 16, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information. 
Net Revenues – Net revenues decreased $27 million ( 0.1% ) to $25,896 million in 2017 , and Organic Net Revenue (1) increased $220 million ( 0.9% ) to $25,490 million . Power Brands net revenues increased 2.9%, including a favorable currency impact, and Power Brands Organic Net Revenue increased 2.1%. Emerging markets net revenues increased 3.7%, including a favorable currency impact, and emerging markets Organic Net Revenue increased 3.6%. The underlying changes in net revenues and Organic Net Revenue are detailed below: 
Net revenue decline of 0.1% was driven by the impact of divestitures, partially offset by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 0.9%, favorable currency and the impact of an acquisition. The impact of divestitures resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $383 million for 2017. Our underlying Organic Net Revenue increase was driven by higher net pricing, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix. Net pricing was up, which includes the benefit of carryover pricing from 2016 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2017. Higher net pricing was reflected in Latin America and AMEA, partially offset by lower net pricing in North America and Europe. Unfavorable volume/mix was reflected in all segments except Europe, in part due to expected shipments that we did not realize following the second quarter malware incident. Favorable year-over-year currency impacts increased net revenues by $77 million, due primarily to the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the Brazilian real, euro, Russian ruble, Australian dollar, Indian rupee and South African rand, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, including the Egyptian pound, British pound sterling, Argentinean peso, Nigerian naira, Turkish lira, Philippine peso and Chinese yuan. The November 2, 2016 acquisition of a business and license to manufacture, market and sell Cadbury-branded biscuits in additional key markets added $59 million (constant currency basis) of incremental net revenues for 2017.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.
The carrying values and fair values of certain financial instruments as of December 31 are shown in the table below. The carrying values of all other financial instruments approximate their estimated fair values. The counterparties to financial instruments consist of select major international financial institutions. Abbott does not expect any losses from nonperformance by these counterparties.
The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts is determined using a market approach, which utilizes values for comparable derivative instruments. The fair value of the debt was determined based on the face value of the debt adjusted for the fair value of the interest rate swaps, which is based on a discounted cash flow analysis using significant other observable inputs.
