MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Workforce Profile : At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 91,000 employees. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 13,000 U.S. employees and approximately 78,000 employees outside the United States, with employees represented by labor unions or workers’ councils representing approximately 28% of our U.S. employees and approximately 50% of our employees outside the United States. 
Workplace Safety and Wellness : We promote a strong culture of safety and prioritize keeping all our employees, contractors and visitors safe. To accomplish this, we employ comprehensive health, safety and environment management policies and standards throughout the organization. In addition, we strive to continuously improve our work processes, tools and metrics to reduce workplace injuries and enhance safety. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we will continue to take appropriate measures in our facilities including implementing temperature screening, social distancing, mask-wearing and work-from-home policies where applicable and in accordance with state and local guidelines. We remain committed to providing a modern and flexible approach to how and where we work. We have established a hybrid-model that embraces the benefits of flexibility and collaboration, and expect our office-based employees to engage with colleagues, customers and suppliers in-person on a regular basis.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In connection with the Enable Acquisition in December 2021, we acquired crude oil and condensate gathering assets in the Anadarko Basin and the Williston Basin. The Anadarko Basin assets were designed and built to serve the crude oil and condensate production in the SCOOP and STACK plays. A portion of these operations are conducted through Enable South Central Pipeline, a joint venture with a subsidiary of CVR Energy, Inc., which is operated by us and in which we own a 60% membership interest. The Williston Basin crude oil and produced water gathering assets were designed and built to receive crude oil on pipelines near our customers’ wells for delivery to third-party transportation pipelines, and produced water gathering pipelines for delivery to third-party disposal wells. 
• Nederland. The Nederland Terminal, located on the Sabine-Neches waterway between Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas, is a large marine terminal providing storage and distribution services for refiners and other large transporters of crude oil and NGLs. The terminal receives, stores, and distributes crude oil, NGLs, feedstocks, petrochemicals and bunker oils (used for fueling ships and other marine vessels). The terminal currently has a total storage capacity of approximately 31 MMBbls in approximately 150 above ground storage tanks with individual capacities of up to 660 MBbls. 
The Nederland Terminal can receive crude oil at three of its six ship docks and three of its four barge berths. The three ship docks are capable of receiving over 2 MMBbls/d of crude oil. In addition to our crude oil pipelines, the terminal can also receive crude oil through a number of other pipelines, including the DOE. The DOE pipelines connect the terminal to the United States Strategic Petroleum Reserve’s West Hackberry caverns at Hackberry, Louisiana and Big Hill caverns near Winnie, Texas, which have an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 395 MMBbls. The terminal also has crude oil rail unloading facilities, including steam availability for heating heavy oils prior to loading.

SALESFORCE INC report:
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs. 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions): 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2020 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):
