ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Certain assets, primarily diagnostics instruments, are leased to customers under contractual arrangements that typically include an operating or sales-type lease as well as performance obligations for reagents and other consumables. Sales-type leases are not significant. Contract terms vary by customer and may include options to terminate the contract or options to extend the contract. Where instruments are provided under operating lease arrangements, some portion or the entire lease revenue may be variable and subject to subsequent non-lease component (e.g., reagent) sales. The allocation of revenue between the lease and non-lease components is based on standalone selling prices. Operating lease revenue represented less than 3 percent of Abbott’s total net sales in the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
Assets related to operating leases are reported within Net property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The original cost and the net book value of such assets were $ 3.5 billion and $ 1.6 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2021 and $ 3.3 billion and $ 1.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2020.
Certain Abbott foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates primarily for anticipated intercompany purchases by those subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. These contracts, with gross notional amounts totaling $ 8.6 billion at December 31, 2021, and $ 8.1 billion at December 31, 2020, are designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of the cash flows due to changes in foreign exchange rates and are recorded at fair value. Accumulated gains and losses as of December 31, 2021 will be included in Cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally through the next twelve to eighteen months .

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The investment objective for the Retirement Plan is to provide a common investment platform. Investment consultants, overseen by the US Foods, Inc. Benefits Administration Committee (the "Committee), are expected to adopt and maintain an asset allocation strategy for the plan's assets designed to address the Retirement Plan's liability structure. The Committee has developed an asset allocation policy and rebalancing policy. The Committee reviews the major asset classes, through consultation with its investment consultants, periodically to determine if the plan's assets are performing as expected. The Company’s fiscal year 2019 strategy targeted a mix of 35 % equity securities and 65 % long-term debt securities and cash equivalents. The actual mix of investments as of December 28, 2019 was 34 % equity securities and 66 % long-term debt securities and cash equivalents. The Committee plans to manage the actual mix of investments to achieve its target mix. 
Common collective trust funds are measured at the net asset value as of the December 31 , 2019 and 2018 measurement dates. This class represents investments in common collective trust funds that invest in: 
Other Company Sponsored Benefit Plans —Certain employees are eligible to participate in the Company's 401(k) savings plan. The Company made employer matching contributions to the 401(k) plan of $ 51 million , $ 47 million and $ 46 million for fiscal years 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The impact from pension participation changes represents the charges incurred when employee groups are withdrawn from multiemployer pension plans and other changes in employee group pension plan participation. We exclude these charges from our non–GAAP results because those amounts do not reflect our ongoing pension obligations. See Note 11, Benefit Plans , for more information on the multiemployer pension plan withdrawal. 
 (10) We exclude the impact of the 2019 Swiss tax reform and 2017 U.S. tax reform. During the third quarter of 2019, Swiss Federal and Zurich Cantonal tax events drove our recognition of a Swiss tax reform net benefit to our results of operations. On December 22, 2017, the United States enacted tax reform legislation that included a broad range of business tax provisions. We exclude these tax reform impacts from our Adjusted EPS as they do not reflect our ongoing tax obligations under the new tax reforms. Refer to Note 16, Income Taxes , for more information on our current year estimated annual effective tax rate and U.S. and Swiss tax reform. 
(11) We have excluded our proportionate share of our equity method investees’ unusual or infrequent items such as acquisition and divestiture related costs, restructuring program costs and discrete U.S. tax reform impacts, in order to provide investors with a comparable view of our performance across periods. Although we have shareholder rights and board representation commensurate with our ownership interests in our equity method investees and review the underlying operating results and unusual or infrequent items with them each reporting period, we do not have direct control over their operations or resulting revenue and expenses. Our use of equity method investment net earnings on an adjusted basis is not intended to imply that we have any such control. Our GAAP “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations” includes all of the investees’ unusual and infrequent items.
