WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Third parties may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property from time to time, and the success of any such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of intellectual property rights. Irrespective of their validity, such claims may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources which could have an adverse effect on our operations. In addition, piracy, which encompasses the theft of our signal, and unauthorized use of our content, in the digital environment continues to present a threat to revenues from products and services based on our intellectual property. We use external vendors to detect and remove infringing content and leverage our membership in a range of industry groups to address piracy issues. 
Our businesses are subject to and affected by regulations of U.S. federal, state and local government authorities, and our international operations are subject to laws and regulations of the countries and international bodies, such as the E.U., in which we operate. Content networks, such as those owned by us, are regulated by the FCC including some regulations that only apply to content networks affiliated with a cable television operator. Other FCC regulations, although imposed on cable television operators and direct broadcast satellite ("DBS") operators and other distributors, affect content networks indirectly. The rules, regulations, policies and procedures affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change. These descriptions are summary in nature and do not purport to describe all present and proposed laws and regulations affecting our businesses. 
The FCC’s program access rules prevent a satellite-delivered content vendor in which a cable operator has an “attributable” ownership interest from discriminating against unaffiliated multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”), such as cable and DBS operators, in the rates, terms and conditions for the sale or delivery of content. These rules permit the unaffiliated MVPD to initiate a complaint to the FCC against content networks if it believes this rule has been violated.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In markets served by our NGL pipelines, we face competition with other pipeline companies, including those affiliated with major oil, petrochemical and natural gas companies, and barge, rail and truck fleet operations. In general, our NGL pipelines compete with these entities in terms of transportation fees, reliability and quality of customer service. We face competition with other storage facilities based on fees charged and the ability to receive and distribute the customer’s products. We compete with a number of NGL fractionators in Texas and Louisiana. Competition for such services is primarily based on the fractionation fee charged. 
In markets served by our products and crude oil pipelines, we face competition from other pipelines as well as rail and truck transportation. Generally, pipelines are the safest, lowest cost method for long-haul, overland movement of products and crude oil. Therefore, the most significant competitors for large volume shipments in the areas served by our pipelines are other pipelines. In addition, pipeline operations face competition from rail and trucks that deliver products in a number of areas that our pipeline operations serve. While their costs may not be competitive for longer hauls or large volume shipments, rail and trucks compete effectively for incremental and marginal volume in many areas served by our pipelines.   
With respect to competition from other pipelines, the primary competitive factors consist of transportation charges, access to crude oil supply and market demand. Competitive factors in crude oil purchasing and marketing include price and contract flexibility, quantity and quality of services, and accessibility to end markets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We monitor for changes in tax laws and reflect the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. When there is refinement to tax law changes in subsequent periods, we account for the new guidance in the period when it becomes known. 
In October 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) which requires companies to recognize and measure customer contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination as if the acquiring company originated the related revenue contracts. Prior to adopting this ASU, acquired contract assets and liabilities were measured at fair value. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 and early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the timing and effects of adopting this ASU and currently we do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In March 2020 and subsequently in January 2021 and December 2022, the FASB issued ASUs to provide optional accounting guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform. The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions to existing accounting requirements for contract modifications and hedge accounting related to transitioning from discontinued reference rates, such as LIBOR, to alternative reference rates, if certain criteria are met. The new accounting requirements can be applied as of the beginning of the interim period including March 12, 2020, or any date thereafter, through December 31, 2024. We adopted this standard in the fourth quarter of 2022 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
