WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We purchase our aviation fuel from suppliers worldwide. Fuel may be delivered into our customers’ aircraft or to a designated storage facility located at one of our locations or our suppliers’ locations pursuant to arrangements with them. Inventory is purchased at airport locations or shipped via pipelines and held at multiple locations for strategic reasons. We engage in contract sales, which are sales made pursuant to fuel purchase contracts with customers 
who commit to purchasing fuel from us over the contract term. We also conduct spot sales, which are sales that do not involve continuing contractual obligations by our customers to purchase fuel from us. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market-based formulas or government-controlled prices. 
In our land segment, we primarily offer fuel, heating oil, propane, natural gas, lubricants and related products and services to petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and government customers. Our land-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel and price risk management. We primarily conduct these activities throughout most of the U.S. as well as parts of the United Kingdom ("U.K.") and Brazil. We also offer advisory and fulfillment solutions with respect to power, natural gas and other energy products, as well as sustainability consulting, renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management brand, with offices in the U.S., Australia and throughout Europe. In addition, we offer transaction management services, which include government payment systems for global fuel procurement, merchant processing services, payment solutions for tolls across Europe and commercial payment programs.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our natural gas gathering pipelines gather, treat and transport natural gas from production developments to regional natural gas plants for further processing. Our natural gas transmission pipelines transport natural gas from regional processing facilities to downstream electric generation plants, local gas distribution companies, industrial and municipal customers, storage facilities or other connecting pipelines.
The results of operations from our natural gas pipelines and related storage assets are primarily dependent upon the volume of natural gas gathered, treated, transported or stored, the level of firm capacity reservations made by shippers, and the fees associated with each activity. Transportation fees charged to shippers are based on either tariffs regulated by governmental agencies, including the FERC, or contractual arrangements. See “Regulatory Matters” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 for information regarding governmental oversight of our natural gas pipelines.
We proportionately consolidate our undivided interests, which range from 22% to 80%, in 1,471 miles of the Texas Intrastate System. The Texas Intrastate System also includes our Wilson natural gas storage facility, which consists of a network of leased and owned underground salt dome storage caverns located in Wharton County, Texas with an aggregate 12.9 Bcf of usable storage capacity. Four of these caverns, comprising 6.9 Bcf of usable capacity, are held under an operating lease. The remainder of our Texas Intrastate System is wholly owned.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
See Note 10, Financial Instruments , for information on the gain/loss related to U.S. dollar interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges and for information on amounts in other income related to our net investment hedge derivative contracts and the amounts excluded from hedge effectiveness of $ 75 million in 2021, $ 117 million in 2020 and $ 133 million in 2019. 
117   45   114   129   $ 144   $ 62   $ 126   $ 469   Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges: Currency exchange contracts $ 156   $ 40   $ 134   $ 119   Commodity contracts 387   137   205   128   
(1) Net investment hedge contracts consist of cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward contracts. We also designate some of our non-U.S. dollar denominated debt to hedge a portion of our net investments in our non-U.S. operations. This debt is not reflected in the table above, but is included in long-term debt discussed in Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements . Both net investment hedge derivative contracts and non-U.S. dollar denominated debt acting as net investment hedges are also disclosed in the Derivative Volume table and the Hedges of Net Investments in International Operations section appearing later in this footnote.
