ALLSTATE CORP report:
Evaluation of both the insureds’ estimated liabilities and our exposure to the insureds depends heavily on an analysis of the relevant legal issues and litigation environment. This analysis is conducted by our specialized claims adjusting staff and legal counsel. Based on these evaluations, case reserves are established by claims adjusting staff and actuarial analysis is employed to develop an IBNR reserve, which includes estimated potential reserve development and claims that have occurred but have not been reported. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, IBNR was 54.8% and 50.3%, respectively, of combined net asbestos and environmental reserves. 
For both asbestos and environmental reserves, we also evaluate our historical direct net loss and expense paid and incurred experience to assess any emerging trends, fluctuations or characteristics suggested by the aggregate paid and incurred activity. Other run-off claims reserves are based on considerations similar to those described above, as they relate to the characteristics of specific individual coverage exposures. 
Potential reserve estimate variability Establishing Run-off Property-Liability net loss reserves for asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims is subject to uncertainties that are much greater than those presented by other types of property and casualty claims. Among the complications are lack of historical data, long reporting delays, uncertainty as to the number and identity of insureds with potential exposure and unresolved legal issues regarding policy coverage; unresolved legal issues regarding the determination, availability and timing of exhaustion of policy limits; plaintiffs’ evolving and expanding theories of liability; availability and collectability of recoveries from reinsurance; retrospectively determined premiums and other contractual agreements; estimates of the extent and timing of any contractual liability; the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
On January 1, 2019, we adopted Topic 842 using the modified retrospective approach. The cumulative after-tax effect of the changes made to our consolidated financial statements for the adoption of Topic 842 was as follows: 
We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units, Consumer and Business. Revenue is disaggregated by products and services within Consumer, and customer groups (Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale) within Business. See Note 13 for additional information on revenue by segment. 
Corporate and other primarily includes insurance captives as well as the historical results of the divested Verizon Media. On September 1, 2021, we completed the sale of Verizon Media to an affiliate of Apollo Global Management Inc. Under our ownership, Verizon Media generated revenues from contracts with customers under Topic 606 of approximately $ 5.3 billion, $ 7.0 billion and $ 7.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Note 3 for additional information on the sale of Verizon Media.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options, restricted stock units, warrants and the convertible senior notes. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards and convertible securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. 
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted earnings per share does not include the effect of the following potential outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions): 
As of January 31, 2019 , the Company had a total of $92 million  in letters of credit outstanding substantially in favor of certain landlords for office space. These letters of credit renew annually and expire at various dates through December 2030.
