MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• We increased our $15 million global commitment to assist those most impacted by COVID-19 to approximately $28 million to date. We have been supporting local and global organizations that are responding to food instability and providing emergency relief. 
We operate in the food and beverages industry and are part of the global food supply chain. One of our main objectives during the pandemic is to maintain the availability of our products to meet the needs of our consumers. In response to increased demand, we have increased production and, to date, we have not experienced material disruptions in our supply chain or operations: 
• We were able to leverage learnings from our timely response to the initial outbreak in China, and we put in place procedures across our supply chain to help mitigate the risk that our manufacturing sites will experience material closures or disruptions.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Some of the charities in which we have participated recently include: Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts of Miami-Dade County; United Way; Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA); Jet Blue Swing for Good, which supports youth-oriented charities; Folds of Honor, which provides educational scholarships to spouses and children of America’s fallen and disabled service-members, and many more local and global institutions and organizations. 
This 2020 10-K Report and the information incorporated by reference in it, or made by us in other reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, teleconferences, industry conferences or otherwise, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “plan,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. Specifically, this 2020 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements about (i) the impact of the coronavirus pandemic ("COVID-19") on us and our customers, including our expectations about demand, volume, profitability and the impact of fuel prices, (ii) our expectations regarding the conditions in the aviation, land, and marine markets and their impact on our business, (iii) our expectations regarding government-related activity in Afghanistan with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the impact of the U.S. troop withdrawals, as well as the related profit contribution, (iv) our estimates regarding the expected benefits from our actions to reduce cost and our restructuring initiatives, including the rationalization of our global office footprint, (v) our expectations regarding our working capital, liquidity, capital expenditure requirements, (vi) our expectations and estimates regarding certain tax, legal and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, (vii) our expectations regarding the financial impact and other benefits of previous acquisitions, including estimates of future expenses and our ability to realize estimated synergies, and (viii) estimates regarding the financial impact of our derivative contracts. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosures contained in our SEC filings. 
These forward-looking statements are estimates and projections reflecting our best judgment and involve risks, uncertainties or other factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe the estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may prove to be incorrect. Our actual results may differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• propylene production facilities (including propane dehydrogenation (“PDH”) facilities), butane isomerization, octane enhancement, isobutane dehydrogenation (“iBDH”) and high purity isobutylene (“HPIB”) production facilities;
The safe operation of our assets is a top priority. We are committed to protecting the environment and the health and safety of the public and those working on our behalf by conducting our business activities in a safe and environmentally responsible manner. For additional information, see “ Environmental, Safety and Conservation ” within the Regulatory Matters section of Part I, Items 1 and 2 of this annual report.
Like many publicly traded partnerships, we have no employees. All of our management, administrative and operating functions are performed by employees of EPCO pursuant to an administrative services agreement (the “ASA”) or by other service providers.
