SALESFORCE INC report:
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:  
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:  
(3) During fiscal 2021, the Company recorded approximately $ 2.0 billion of a one-time benefit from a discrete tax item related to the recognition of deferred tax assets resulting from an intra-entity transfer of intangible property.

BOEING CO report:
In addition, we are experiencing some supply chain shortages. Our suppliers are also experiencing liquidity pressures and disruptions to their operations as a result of COVID-19. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These measures and disruptions have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
We continue to transform and improve our business processes. These activities are not intended to constrain our capacity but to enable the Company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness. 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Years ended December 31, 2021 2020 2019 Revenues $62,286   $58,158 $76,559 GAAP Loss from operations ($2,902) ($12,767) ($1,975) Operating margins (4.7) % (22.0) % (2.6) % Effective income tax rate 14.8   % 17.5 % 71.8 % Net loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders ($4,202) ($11,873) ($636) Diluted loss per share ($7.15) ($20.88) ($1.12)

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Contract charges for variable life and variable annuity products consist of fees assessed against the contractholder account balances for contract maintenance, administration, mortality, expense and surrender of the contract prior to contractually specified dates. Contract benefits incurred for variable annuity products include guaranteed minimum death, income, withdrawal and accumulation benefits. Substantially all of the Company’s variable annuity business is ceded through reinsurance agreements and the contract charges and contract benefits related thereto are reported net of reinsurance ceded. 
Other revenue represents fees collected from policyholders relating to premium installment payments, commissions on sales of non-proprietary products, sales of identity protection services, fee-based services and other revenue transactions. Other revenue is recognized when performance obligations are fulfilled. 
Costs that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance policies and investment contracts are deferred and recorded as DAC. These costs are principally agency’s and brokers’ remuneration, premium taxes and certain underwriting expenses. DSI costs, which are deferred and recorded as other assets, relate to sales inducements offered on sales to new customers, principally on fixed annuity and interest-sensitive life contracts. These sales inducements are primarily in the form of additional credits to the customer’s account balance or enhancements to interest credited for a specified period which are in excess of the rates currently being credited to similar contracts without sales inducements. DSI is amortized into income using the same methodology and assumptions as DAC and is included in interest credited to contractholder funds. All other acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and included in operating costs and expenses.
