SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company estimates the useful lives of property and equipment upon initial recognition and periodically evaluates the useful lives and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the useful lives. 
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts and any loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses. 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and classifies its leases at commencement. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Assets recognized from finance leases (also referred to as ROU assets) are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities, respectively, on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term. The corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less for any asset classes.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In Brazil, our retail edible oil brands include Soya , the leading consumer packaged vegetable oil brand, as well as Primor  and Salada . We are also a leading producer in the Brazilian margarine market with our brands Delicia  and Primor , as well as in mayonnaise with our Soya , Primor  and Salada  brands. We are also a leading supplier of shortenings to the food processor market. We also produce processed tomato and other staple food products, including sauces, condiments and seasonings in Brazil under several brand names. 
In the United States and Canada, we offer food manufacturers, bakeries and foodservice operators high quality solutions to fit their goals, such as delivering desired tastes and textures, or reducing trans-fats or saturated fats in their products. Our products include trans-fat free high oleic canola oil that is low in saturated fats and high oleic soybean oil that is highly stable and trans-fat free. We have also developed proprietary fiber addition processes that allow bakery and food processor customers to achieve significant reductions in saturated fats in shortenings. We also offer expeller pressed and physically refined oils to food service customers under the brand Whole Harvest  and produce margarines and buttery spreads, including our leading brand Country Premium , for food service, food processor and retail private label customers. The Bunge Loders Croklaan product line also includes a variety of products for bakery and confectionary customers. 
In Europe, we are a leader in consumer packaged vegetable oils, which are sold in various geographies under brand names including Venusz , Floriol , Kujawski , Olek , Unisol , Ideal , Oleina , Maslenitsa , Oliwier , Salat   Rozumnitsa  and Komili , and a leader in margarines, including our brand names Smakowita , Maslo   Rosline , Masmix , Optima , Deli   Reform , Keiju , Evesol , Linco , Gottgott , Suvela  and Finuu . We are also a significant B2B oils supplier in the Western European foodservice channel. In addition, the Bunge Loders Croklaan product line also includes a variety of products for the confectionary and bakery industries.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
