VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The 2017 Plan also provides for grants of Performance Stock Units (PSUs) that generally vest at the end of the third year after the grant. As defined by the 2017 Plan, the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors determines the number of PSUs a participant earns based on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have been achieved over the three-year performance cycle. The PSUs that are paid in stock upon vesting and are classified as equity awards are measured using the grant date fair value of Verizon common stock and are not remeasured at the end of each reporting period. The PSUs that are settled in cash and are classified as liability awards are measured at its fair value at the end of each reporting period and, therefore, will fluctuate based on the price of Verizon common stock as well as performance relative to the targets. All PSUs granted under the 2017 Plan have dividend equivalent units (DEUs), which will be paid to participants if, and only to the extent the applicable PSU award vests, and is paid at the time that PSU award is paid, and in the same proportion as the PSU award. The granted and cancelled activity for the PSU award includes adjustments for the performance goals achieved. 
As of December 31, 2021, unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of Verizon’s RSUs and PSUs was approximately $ 773 million and is expected to be recognized over approximately 2 years. 
The equity awards granted in 2021 and 2020 have weighted-average grant date fair values of $ 55.39 and $ 57.38 per unit, respectively. During 2021, 2020 and 2019, we paid $ 986 million, $ 961 million and $ 737 million, respectively, to settle RSUs and PSUs classified as liability awards.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Operating costs and expenses increased   9.4%  to $511 million  in 2018  from $467 million  in 2017 , primarily due to higher product and advertising costs at SquareTrade, higher costs for device data collection services, investments in research and business expansion at Arity and the addition of InfoArmor. Operating costs and expenses increased 62.7% to $467 million in 2017 from $287 million in 2016, primarily due to the acquisition of SquareTrade on January 3, 2017, Allstate Roadside Services increase in strategic investments in the Good Hands Rescue Network, and investments in Arity’s research and business expansion. 
Amortization of purchased intangible assets   relates to the acquisitions of SquareTrade and InfoArmor. We recognized $555 million of intangible assets for SquareTrade and we recorded amortization expense of $81 million  in 2018  compared to $92 million  in 2017 . We recognized $257 million of intangible assets for InfoArmor and we recorded amortization expense of $13 million  in 2018 . 
Underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of claims and claims expense reserves. For a description of our reserve process, see Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements. Further, for a description of our reserving policies and the potential variability in our reserve estimates, see the Application of Critical Accounting Estimates section of the MD&A. These reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including IBNR claims, as of the reporting date.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In April 2022, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Traction Sales and Marketing Inc. ("Traction on Demand”), a professional services firm that provides innovative and critical solutions to clients using the Company’s service offerings and other advanced cloud technologies. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Traction on Demand was approximately $ 340 million, which consisted primarily of $ 302 million in cash. The Company recorded approximately $ 62 million for customer relationships with estimated useful lives of five years . The Company recorded approximately $ 293 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce. For the goodwill balance, there is some basis for foreign income tax purposes but no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The primary areas that remain preliminary relate to the fair values of intangible assets acquired, certain tangible assets and liabilities acquired, legal and other contingencies as of the acquisition date, income and non-income-based taxes and residual goodwill. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. The Company has included the financial results of Traction on Demand in its condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition, which were not material. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. 
On July 21, 2021, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Slack, a leading channel-based messaging platform. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $ 54 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense during fiscal 2022. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Slack was approximately $ 27.1 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions):  
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. A share conversion ratio of 0.1885 and 0.1804 was applied to convert Slack's outstanding (i) stock options and restricted stock units and (ii) restricted stock awards, respectively, into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock.
