MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On April 1, 2015 , the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") filed a complaint against Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global LLC (“Mondelēz Global”) in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (the "District Court"), Eastern Division (the “CFTC action”) following its investigation of activities related to the trading of December 2011 wheat futures contracts that occurred prior to the spin-off of Kraft Foods Group. The complaint alleges that Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global (1) manipulated or attempted to manipulate the wheat markets during the fall of 2011; (2) violated position limit levels for wheat futures and (3) engaged in non-competitive trades by trading both sides of exchange-for-physical Chicago Board of Trade wheat contracts. The CFTC seeks civil monetary penalties of either triple the monetary gain for each violation of the Commodity Exchange Act (the “Act”) or $ 1 million for each violation of Section 6(c)(1), 6(c)(3) or 9(a)(2) of the Act and $ 140,000 for each additional violation of the Act, plus post-judgment interest; an order of permanent injunction prohibiting Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global from violating specified provisions of the Act; disgorgement of profits; and costs and fees. On August 15, 2019, the District Court approved a settlement agreement between the CFTC and Mondelēz Global. The terms of the settlement, which are available in the District Court’s docket, had an immaterial impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. On October 23, 2019, following a ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit (the "Seventh Circuit") regarding Mondelēz Global's allegations that the CFTC and its Commissioners violated certain terms of the settlement agreement and the CFTC's argument that the Commissioners were not bound by the terms of the settlement agreement, the District Court vacated the settlement agreement and reinstated all pending motions that the District Court had previously mooted as a result of the settlement. Additionally, several class action complaints were filed against Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global in the District Court by investors in wheat futures and options on behalf of themselves and others similarly situated. The complaints make similar allegations as those made in the CFTC action, and the plaintiffs are seeking class action certification; monetary damages, interest and unjust enrichment; costs and fees; and injunctive, declaratory and other unspecified relief. In June 2015, these suits were consolidated in the District Court. On January 3, 2020, the District Court granted plaintiffs' request to certify a class. On January 17, 2020, we filed a petition for an interlocutory appeal of the District Court's class certification decision to the Seventh Circuit. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters; however, based on our Separation and Distribution Agreement with Kraft Foods Group dated as of September 27, 2012, we expect to bear any monetary penalties or other payments in connection with the CFTC action. Although the CFTC action and the class action complaints involve the same alleged conduct, a resolution or decision with respect to one of the matters may not be dispositive as to the outcome of the other matter. 
In November 2019, the European Commission informed us that it has initiated an investigation into our alleged infringement of European Union competition law through certain practices restricting cross-border trade within the European Economic Area. We are cooperating with the investigation. The fact that an investigation has been initiated does not mean that the European Commission has concluded that there is an infringement. It is not possible to predict how long the investigation will take or the ultimate outcome of this matter. 
On August 21, 2018, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality (“VDEQ”) issued a Notice of Violation (“NOV”) to Mondelēz Global. In the NOV, the VDEQ alleges that in our Richmond bakery, one operating line did not have the proper minimum temperature on its pollution control equipment and that the bakery failed to provide certain observation and training records. The VDEQ indicated that the alleged violations may lead to a fine and/or injunctive relief. We are working with the VDEQ to reach a resolution of this matter, and we do not expect this matter to have a material effect on our financial results.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Lake Charles LNG, our wholly-owned subsidiary, owns an LNG import terminal and regasification facility located on Louisiana’s Gulf Coast near Lake Charles, Louisiana. The import terminal has approximately 9.0 Bcf of above ground LNG storage capacity and the regasification facility has a send out capacity of 1.8 Bcf/d. 
Lake Charles LNG Export, our wholly-owned subsidiary, is developing a natural gas liquefaction project at the site of our Lake Charles LNG import terminal and regasification facility. The project would utilize existing dock and storage facilities owned by Lake Charles LNG located on the Lake Charles site. Lake Charles LNG Export entered into a prior development agreement with Shell in March 2019; however, Shell withdrew from the project in March 2020 due to adverse market factors affecting Shell’s business following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The project as currently designed is fully permitted by federal, state and local authorities, has all necessary export licenses and benefits from the infrastructure related to the existing regasification facility at the same site, including four LNG storage tanks, two deep water docks and other assets. 
Since the beginning of 2022, Lake Charles LNG Export has executed six LNG off-take agreements, for an aggregate of nearly 8 million tonnes per annum, including a 20-year LNG agreement with Shell NA LNG LLC. We have also signed nonbinding letter agreements with two Japanese customers for LNG offtake, and we are in active negotiations with several customers for long-term offtake contracts for significant volumes of LNG. We are making progress on all aspects of the project. Upon completion of the LNG project, we expect to realize significant incremental cash flows from transportation of natural gas on our Trunkline pipeline system, and other Energy Transfer pipelines upstream from Lake Charles.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2022, we had 73,541 employees, of which approximately 55 percent were located in the United States and 45 percent were located internationally and approximately 36 percent identified as women, 64 percent identified as men and less than 1 percent identified as non-binary. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. 
Our ability to attract and retain the best talent is even more important as our employees adapt to a new normal with how and where we work. Maintaining a strong company culture, in a remote environment, and at a time of rapid growth in our workforce remains a priority throughout our human capital management programs. We have relied on our Success From Anywhere approach to help us effectively manage our workforce during this time and have continued to invest in equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives, development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 
Success from Anywhere provides employees three new ways of working: Office-Flexible, Home-Based, and Office-Based. We leverage Flex Team Agreements to empower teams to decide how, when, and where they work, including how many days a week they come into the office and what kind of work they will continue to do at home. Flex Team Agreements help us think through and provide clarity on what’s most important in how and where we show up, work, stay connected, and nurture our culture. As we return to the office, health and safety remain a top priority and we have leveraged our own tools, such as work.com and Dreampass, to allow our employees to come together safely.
