SALESFORCE INC report:
Integrated Philanthropy: We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. Together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, to date we have given approximately $330 million to charitable organizations, logged more than 4.9 million employee volunteer hours around the world and provided more than 46,000 nonprofit and higher education organizations with the use of our service offerings for free or at a discount. 
Data Security: Customers entrust us with their most sensitive data, and they expect us to protect it using security risk management practices and advanced systems that respond to the changing security landscape and emerging threats. We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in our cybersecurity programs. We provide an overview of our program, training, best practices for our customers, and information on system status, security issues, and compliance certificates on our website at www.trust.salesforce.com. In addition, we believe that improvements in data security are critical to realizing the potential of technology and greater connectivity to improve lives around the world and that effective cybersecurity requires an ecosystem-wide approach. This is why we work with partners and stakeholders across the globe to support legislation and initiatives such as the Cybersecurity Tech Accord that would help modernize how we approach cybersecurity as an industry. 
Data Privacy: Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with their own customers. The privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect is a top priority. Our customer agreements (templates of which are publicly available on our website) and our privacy policies (also publicly available on our website) describe how we safeguard data with an effective privacy and security program. We also offer resources to help our customers operate globally in compliance with privacy laws such as GDPR and CCPA.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Certain common unitholders elected to participate in a plan pursuant to which those unitholders elected to forego their cash distributions on all or a portion of their common units for a period of up to nine quarters commencing with the distribution for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and, in lieu of receiving cash distributions on these common units for each such quarter, each said unitholder received Convertible Units (on a one-for-one basis for each common unit as to which the participating unitholder elected be subject to this plan) that entitled them to receive a cash distribution of up to $0.11 per Convertible Unit. See Note 8 to the Partnership’s consolidated financial statements included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 
The total amounts of distributions declared and paid during the periods presented (all from Available Cash from the Parent Company’s operating surplus and are shown in the period to which they relate) are as follows: 
 The total amounts of distributions declared and paid during the periods presented prior to the closing of the Energy Transfer Merger as discussed in Note 1 (all from Available Cash from ETO’s operating surplus and are shown in the period to which they relate) are as follows:

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Claims for employee health care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit exposures arising from very large losses. It uses different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary (the captive) and participates in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are not discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends. At the end of 2020 and 2019, these insurance liabilities were $ 1,188 and $ 1,222 in the aggregate, respectively, and were included in accrued salaries and benefits and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, classified based on their nature. 
The captive receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company’s premium costs in selling, general and administrative expenses, in the consolidated statements of income. The captive participates in a reinsurance program that includes other third-party participants. The reinsurance agreement is one year in duration, and new agreements are entered into by each participant at their discretion at the commencement of the next calendar year. The participant agreements and practices of the reinsurance program limit a participating members’ individual risk. Income statement adjustments related to the reinsurance program and related impacts to the consolidated balance sheets are recognized as information becomes known. In the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company retains its primary obligation to the policyholders for prior activity. 
The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business. It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of fluctuations of foreign exchange on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company’s international subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. Some of these contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features that require settlement of outstanding contracts upon certain triggering events. The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments in a net liability position and the amount needed to settle the instruments immediately if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered were immaterial at the end of 2020 and 2019. The aggregate notional amounts of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were $ 1,036 and $ 704 at the end of 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Note 4 for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts at the end of 2020 and 2019.
