MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) In connection with the Clif Bar acquisition, we entered into a contingent consideration arrangement that may require us to pay additional consideration to the sellers for achieving certain net revenue, gross profit and EBITDA targets in 2025 and 2026 that exceed our base financial projections for the business implied in the upfront purchase price. The other contingent consideration liabilities are recorded at fair value with $ 452 million classified as long term liabilities at December 31, 2022. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the acquisition date was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation and recorded in other liabilities. Significant assumptions used in assessing the fair value of the liability include financial projections for net revenue, gross profit, and EBITDA, as well as discount and volatility rates. Fair value adjustments are primarily recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statement of earnings. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
(2) The other contingent consideration liabilities are recorded at fair value, with $ 102 million classified as other current liabilities at December 31, 2022 and $ 88 million and $ 159 million classified as long term liabilities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The estimated fair value of this contingent consideration was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model based on Level 3 inputs, including management's latest estimate of forecasted future results. Other key assumptions included discount rate and volatility. Fair value adjustments are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statement of earnings. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
The accumulated benefit obligation, which represents benefits earned to the measurement date, for U.S. pension plans was $ 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and $ 1.7 billion at December 31, 2021. The accumulated benefit obligation for non-U.S. pension plans was $ 6.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and $ 10.7 billion at December 31, 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, the Company's go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. In instances where the Company does not sell or price a product or service separately, the Company determines relative fair value using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As the Company’s go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP. 
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold or priced separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. 
If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, the Company uses a range of SSP. The Company determines the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. The Company typically has more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Finally, on December 15, 2022, the FERC issued a Proposed Policy Statement on Oil Pipeline Affiliate Committed Service, which addresses whether a contract for committed transportation service complies with the Interstate Commerce Act where the only shipper to obtain the committed service is an affiliate of the regulated entity. If adopted, the proposed policy statement would create a rebuttable presumption that affiliate contracts are unduly discriminatory and not just and reasonable in certain circumstances and require a pipeline to produce additional evidentiary support for affiliate contracts rates and terms. This follows a trend of increased scrutiny by FERC on affiliated contracts across all industries regulated by the FERC. Initial comments on the proposed policy statement are due on February 13, 2023. 
Regulation of Intrastate Crude Oil, NGL and Products Pipelines. Some of our crude oil, NGL and products pipelines are subject to regulation by the TRRC, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission and the Oklahoma Corporation Commission. The operations of our joint venture interests are also subject to regulation in the states in which they operate. The applicable state statutes require that pipeline rates be nondiscriminatory and provide no more than a fair return on the aggregate value of the pipeline property used to render services. State commissions generally have not initiated an investigation of rates or practices of petroleum pipelines in the absence of shipper complaints. Complaints to state agencies have been infrequent and are usually resolved informally. Although management cannot be certain that our intrastate rates ultimately would be upheld if challenged, we believe that, given this history, the tariffs now in effect are not likely to be challenged or, if challenged, are not likely to be ordered to be reduced. 
In addition, as noted above, the rates, terms and conditions for shipments of crude oil, NGLs or products on our pipelines could be subject to regulation by the FERC under the ICA and the EPAct of 1992 if the crude oil, NGLs or products are transported in interstate or foreign commerce whether by our pipelines or other means of transportation. Since we do not control the entire transportation path of all crude oil, NGLs or products shipped on our pipelines, FERC regulation could be triggered by our customers’ transportation decisions.
