ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Amounts presented for 2019 and 2018 includes $ 23.1 million and $29.4 million, respectively, of swaption premium income. See discussion below for information regarding an unrealized $ 94.9 million loss recorded in 2019 related to forward-starting interest rate swaps. 
We capitalize interest costs incurred on funds used to construct property, plant and equipment while the asset is in its construction phase. Capitalized interest amounts become part of the historical cost of an asset and are charged to earnings (as a component of depreciation expense) on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset once the asset enters its intended service. When capitalized interest is recorded, it reduces interest expense from what it would be otherwise. Capitalized interest amounts fluctuate based on the timing of when projects are placed into service, our capital investment levels and the interest rates charged on borrowings.
Primarily reflects facility commitment fees charged in connection with our revolving credit facilities and amortization of debt issuance costs. Amount presented for 2018 includes $14.2 million of debt issuance costs that were written off in connection with the redemption of junior subordinated notes .

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We have operating and finance leases for manufacturing and distribution facilities, vehicles, equipment and office space. Our leases have remaining lease terms of 1 to 19 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 6 years. We assume the majority of our termination options will not be exercised when determining the lease term of our leases. We do not include significant restrictions or covenants in our lease agreements, and residual value guarantees are generally not included within our operating leases, with the exception of some fleet leases. Some of our leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on usage or output or may vary for other reasons, such as product costs, insurance and tax payments. These variable payment leases are not included in our recorded lease assets and liabilities and are expensed as incurred. Certain leases are tied to a variable index or rate and are included in our lease assets and liabilities based on the indices or rates as of lease commencement. 
Indefinite-life intangible assets consist principally of brand names purchased through our acquisitions of Nabisco Holdings Corp., the Spanish and Portuguese operations of United Biscuits, the global LU biscuit business of Groupe Danone S.A. and Cadbury Limited. Definite-life intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks, customer-related intangibles, process technology, licenses and non-compete agreements. 
Amortization expense for intangible assets was $ 194 million in 2020, $ 174 million in 2019 and $ 176 million in 2018. For the next five years, we estimate annual amortization expense of approximately $ 125 million next year, approximately $ 115 million in years two to four and approximately $ 100 million in year five, reflecting December 31, 2020 exchange rates.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
A business combination occurs when an entity obtains control of a "business." To conclude if the definition of a business is met, we need to conclude whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets which requires significant judgment to determine the fair value. The determination of whether the acquired activities and assets constitute a business is critical because the accounting for a business combination differs significantly from that of an asset acquisition. Business combinations are accounted for using a fair value model. In contrast, asset acquisitions are accounted for using a cost accumulation and allocation model. 
Significant judgment is involved in the determination of fair values in the context of acquisitions as fair values are generally developed based on forecasted assumptions. Other factors affecting the concluded fair value are assumptions and estimates regarding the industry and economic factors as well as expected growth, profitability and risks embedded in the new acquired activities. 
If estimates or assumptions used to estimate fair values are materially incorrect, future earnings through depreciation and amortization expense could be impacted. In addition, if forecasts supporting the valuation of the long-lived assets, intangibles, or goodwill are not achieved, impairments could arise.
