COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In December 2017, the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated numerous cases filed against various defendants by counties, cities, hospitals, Native American tribes, and third-party payors concerning the impacts of opioid abuse. In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation   (MDL No. 2804) (N.D. Ohio). Included are federal cases that name the Company, including actions filed by counties and cities in Michigan, New Jersey, Oregon, Virginia and South Carolina, a third-party payor in Ohio, and class actions filed in thirty-eight states on behalf of infants born with opioid-related medical conditions. In 2019 similar actions were commenced against the Company in state courts in Utah. Claims against the Company in state courts in New Jersey and Oklahoma have been dismissed. The Company is defending all of these matters. 
The Company and its CEO and CFO are defendants in putative class actions brought on behalf of shareholders who acquired Company stock between June 6 and October 25, 2018. Johnson v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.   (W.D. Wash. filed Nov. 5, 2018);   Chen v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.   (W.D. Wash. filed Dec. 11, 2018). The complaints allege violations of the federal securities laws stemming from the Company’s disclosures concerning internal control over financial reporting. They seek unspecified damages, equitable relief, interest, and costs and attorneys’ fees. On January 30, 2019, an order was entered consolidating the actions and a consolidated amended complaint was filed on April 16, 2019. A motion to dismiss the complaint was filed on June 7. 
Members of the Board of Directors, one other individual, and the Company are defendants in a shareholder derivative action related to the internal controls and related disclosures identified in the putative class actions, alleging that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties. Wedekind v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, Richard Libenson, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp.   (W.D. Wash. filed Dec. 11, 2018). The complaint seeks unspecified damages, disgorgement of compensation, corporate governance changes, and costs and attorneys' fees. Because the complaint is derivative in nature, it does not seek monetary damages from the Company, which is a nominal defendant. By agreement among the parties the action has been stayed pending further proceedings in the class actions. Similar actions were filed in King County Superior Court on February 20, 2019,   Elliott v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, Richard Libenson, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-04824-7), and April 16, 2019, Brad Shuman, et ano. v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-10460-1). These actions have also been stayed.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our most significant routine estimates involve revenues and costs of certain natural gas processing facilities, pipeline transportation revenues, fractionation revenues, marketing revenues and related purchases, and power and utility costs. These types of transactions must be estimated since the actual amounts are generally unavailable at the time we complete our accounting close process. The estimates subsequently reverse in the next accounting period when the corresponding actual customer billing or vendor-invoiced amounts are recorded.
Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates, which could affect our reported financial statements and accompanying disclosures. Prior to issuing our financial statements, we review our revenue and expense estimates based on currently available information to determine if adjustments are required. Investors should be aware that actual results could differ from these estimates if the underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect.
The Partnership (the “Parent Guarantor”) has guaranteed the payment of principal and interest on the consolidated debt obligations of EPO (the “Subsidiary Issuer”), with the exception of the remaining debt obligations of TEPPCO Partners, L.P. (collectively, the “Guaranteed Debt”). If EPO were to default on any of its Guaranteed Debt, the Partnership would be responsible for full and unconditional repayment of such obligations. At December 31, 2020, the total amount of Guaranteed Debt was $30.59 billion, which was comprised of $27.5 billion of EPO’s senior notes, $2.63 billion of EPO’s junior subordinated notes and $455.6 million of related accrued interest.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company used discounted cash flow ("DCF") analyses, which represent Level 3 fair value measurements, to assess certain components of its purchase price allocation. The fair value of equity interests previously held by Scripps Networks was determined using the discounted cash flow and market value methods. The fair value of trade-names and trademarks was determined using an income approach based on the relief from royalty method; the remaining intangibles were determined using an income approach based on the excess earnings method. The fair value of interest-bearing debt was determined using publicly-traded prices. For the fair value estimates, the Company used: (i) projected discounted cash flows, (ii) historical and projected financial information, (iii) synergies including cost savings, and (iv) attrition rates, as relevant, that market participants would consider when estimating fair values. During the three months ended March 31, 2019, the Company finalized the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Measurement period adjustments were reflected in the periods in which the adjustments occurred. The adjustments resulted from the receipt of additional financial projections associated with certain equity method investments, contingent liability estimates, deferred income tax adjustments, and true-ups for estimated working capital balances. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, measurement period adjustments, as well as a reconciliation to consideration paid is presented in the table below (in millions). 
On November 30, 2017 , the Company acquired a controlling interest in the Oprah Winfrey Network ("OWN") from Harpo, Inc. ("Harpo"), increasing Discovery’s ownership stake from 49.50 % to 73.75 % . OWN is a pay-TV network and website that provides adult lifestyle and entertainment content that is focused on African American viewers. Discovery paid $ 70 million in cash and recognized a gain of $ 33 million to account for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the previously held 49.50 % equity method investment. The fair value of the equity interest in the network is subject to the impact of the note payable to Discovery. Discovery consolidated OWN under the VIE consolidation model upon closing of the transaction. Following the acquisition of the incremental equity interest and change to governance provisions, the Company has determined that it is now the primary beneficiary of OWN as Discovery obtained control of the Board of Directors and operational rights that significantly impact the economic performance of the business such as programming and marketing, and selection of key personnel. As a result, the accounting for OWN was changed from an equity method investment to a consolidated subsidiary. As the primary beneficiary, Discovery includes OWN's assets, liabilities and results of operations in the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to OWN’s business, whereby the excess of the fair value of the business over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The goodwill reflects the workforce and synergies expected from broader exposure to the self-discovery and self-improvement entertainment sector. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition is included in the U.S. Networks reportable segment and is not amortizable for tax purposes. Intangible assets consist of advertiser backlog, advertiser relationships and affiliate relationships with a weighted average estimated useful life of 9 years .
