SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s arrangements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if its products or services infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any material liabilities related to such obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person’s service as a director or officer, including any action by the Company, arising out of that person’s services as the Company’s director or officer or that person’s services provided to any other company or enterprise at the Company’s request. The Company maintains director and officer insurance coverage that would generally enable the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company may also be subject to indemnification obligations by law with respect to the actions of its employees under certain circumstances and in certain jurisdictions. 
In February 2016, the FASB issued Topic 842, which requires lessees to record most leases on their balance sheet but recognize the expenses on their statement of operations and cash flows on the statement of cash flows in a manner similar to previous accounting guidance. Topic 842 generally requires that lessees recognize operating and financing liabilities for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-to-use asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of September 2, 2019 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 – Leases (ASC 842). 
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Certain assets, primarily diagnostics instruments, are leased to customers under contractual arrangements that typically include an operating or sales-type lease as well as performance obligations for reagents and other consumables. Sales-type leases are not significant. Contract terms vary by customer and may include options to terminate the contract or options to extend the contract. Where instruments are provided under operating lease arrangements, some portion or the entire lease revenue may be variable and subject to subsequent non-lease component (e.g., reagent) sales. The allocation of revenue between the lease and non-lease components is based on stand-alone selling prices. Operating lease revenue represented less than 3 percent of Abbott’s total net sales in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. 
Assets related to operating leases are reported within Net property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The original cost and the net book value of such assets were $ 3.3 billion and $ 1.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2020 and $ 2.8 billion and $ 1.2 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2019.
Certain Abbott foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates primarily for anticipated intercompany purchases by those subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. These contracts, with gross notional amounts totaling $ 8.1 billion at December 31, 2020, and $ 6.8 billion at December 31, 2019, are designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of the cash flows due to changes in foreign exchange rates and are recorded at fair value. Accumulated gains and losses as of December 31, 2020 will be included in Cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally through the next twelve to eighteen months .
