WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Although the ultimate impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, additional legislation or regulations could impose significant additional costs on us, our suppliers, our vendors and our customers, or could adversely affect demand for our energy products. The potential increase in our operating costs could include additional costs to operate and maintain our facilities, such as installing new infrastructure or technology to respond to new mandates, or paying taxes related to our GHG emissions, among others. Furthermore, changes in regulatory policies or increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products that are deemed to contribute to GHGs, harm our reputation and adversely impact our sales of fuel products. 
Due to the complex and technical nature of many of these laws and regulations, inadvertent violations may occur. If we fail to comply with these laws or regulations for any reason, we would be required to correct or implement measures to prevent a recurrence of any violations, which could increase our operating costs. 
At World Fuel Services, we believe that our people's passion and expertise are what differentiates us and investing in our people is a top priority. Our comprehensive approach to serving our workforce includes our commitment to our employees' growth and development, health and safety, and overall well-being. As of February 19, 2021, we employed approximately 4,300 employees globally who are based in the following regions:

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We continue to observe significant market uncertainty, increasing inflationary pressures, supply constraints, exchange rate volatility as well as ongoing effects from the COVID-19 pandemic. Throughout the pandemic, we experienced an overall increase in demand and revenue growth as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption in some markets, while parts of our business were negatively affected by related lockdowns and restrictions. Additionally, global supply chain, transportation and labor issues escalated and we experienced significantly higher operating costs, including higher overall raw material, transportation, labor and energy costs that have continued to rise. 
Our overall outlook for future snacks revenue growth remains strong; however, we anticipate ongoing volatility in response to COVID-related risks and supply chain issues, including labor and transportation constraints. We will continue to proactively manage our business in response to the evolving global economic environment and related uncertainty and business risks while also prioritizing and supporting our employees and customers. We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology and assets. 
In February 2022, Russia began a military invasion of Ukraine. For the safety of our employees, we stopped production and closed our facilities in Ukraine; since then we have been gradually restoring operations, continuing to take steps to protect the safety of our employees and partially re-opening our two plants. We are providing all of our employees with compensation and with help in securing shelter in neighboring countries, where required and needed. We have also made cash and in-kind donations to several humanitarian aid organizations in the region.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The demand for commercial isomerization services depends upon the energy industry’s requirements for isobutane and high-purity isobutane in excess of the isobutane produced through the process of NGL fractionation and refinery operations. Isomerization units convert normal butane feedstock into mixed butane, which is a stream of isobutane and normal butane. DIB units, of which we own and operate nine located at our Mont Belvieu complex, then separate the isobutane from the normal butane. Any remaining unconverted (or residual) normal butane generated by the DIB process is then recirculated through the isomerization process until it has been converted into varying grades of isobutane, including high-purity isobutane. The primary uses of isobutane are for the production of propylene oxide, isooctane, isobutylene and alkylate for motor gasoline. We also use certain of our DIB units to fractionate mixed butanes originating from NGL fractionation activities, imports and other sources into isobutane and normal butane. The operating flexibility provided by our multiple standalone DIBs enables us to capture market opportunities resulting from fluctuations in demand and prices for different types of butanes. 
Our isomerization assets provide processing services to meet the needs of third party customers and our other businesses, including our NGL marketing activities and octane enhancement production facility. On a weighted-average basis, the utilization rates of our isomerization facility were approximately 92.2%, 92.2% and 93.1% during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
In January 2018, we announced plans to expand our butane isomerization facility by up to 30 MBPD of incremental capacity. The expansion is supported by long-term agreements to provide butane isomerization, storage and related pipeline services. We currently expect this project to be completed during the fourth quarter of 2021.
