ALLSTATE CORP report:
(3) The securities lending obligation represents the plan’s obligation to return securities lending collateral received under a securities lending program. The terms of the program allow both the plan and the counterparty the right and ability to redeem/return the securities loaned on short notice. Due to its relatively short-term nature, the outstanding balance of the obligation approximates fair value. 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 Equity securities $ 311   $ 44   $ 2   $ 357   Fixed income securities: Government bonds 58   1,206   —   1,264   Corporate bonds —   696   —   696   Short-term investments 135   65   —   200   Free-standing derivatives: Assets —   4   —   4   Liabilities —   ( 3 ) —   ( 3 ) Other assets 2   —   —   2   Total plan assets at fair value $ 506   $ 2,012   $ 2   2,520   % of total plan assets at fair value 20.1   % 79.8   % 0.1   % 100.0   % Investments measured using the net asset value practical expedient 4,109   Securities lending obligation ( 121 ) Derivatives counterparty and cash collateral netting ( 3 ) Other net plan assets 20   Total reported plan assets $ 6,525   
The fair values of pension plan assets are estimated using the same methodologies and inputs as those used to determine the fair values for the respective asset category of the Company. These methodologies and inputs are disclosed in Note 6.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Through our normal business activities, we are subject to significant credit and counterparty risks that arise through commercial sales and purchases, including forward commitments to buy or sell, and through various OTC derivative instruments that we use to manage risks inherent in our business activities. We define credit and counterparty risk as a potential financial loss due to the failure of a counterparty to honor its obligations. The exposure is measured based upon several factors, including unpaid accounts receivable from counterparties, as well as unrealized gains from forward purchase or sale contracts and OTC derivative instruments. Credit and counterparty risk also includes sovereign credit risk. We actively monitor credit and counterparty risk through a regular review of exposures and credit analysis by regional credit teams, as well as a review by global and corporate committees that monitor counterparty performance. We record provisions for counterparty losses from time to time as a result of our credit and counterparty analysis. 
During periods of tight conditions in global credit markets, downturns in regional or global economic conditions, and/or significant price volatility, credit and counterparty risks are heightened. This increased risk is monitored through, among other things, exposure reporting, increased communication with key counterparties, management reviews, and specific focus on counterparties or groups of counterparties that we may determine as high risk. We have reduced exposures and associated position limits in certain cases, and also decreased our use of non-exchange cleared derivative instruments. 
We operate in many areas of the food industry, from agricultural raw materials to the production and sale of branded food products. As a result, we purchase and produce various materials, many of which are agricultural commodities, including: soybeans, soybean oil, soybean meal, palm oil (from crude to various degrees of refined products), softseeds (including sunflower seed, rapeseed, and canola) and related oil and meal derived from them, wheat, barley, shea nut, and corn.

BOEING CO report:
• We performed inquiries of the Company’s project managers and others directly involved with the contracts to evaluate management’s ability to achieve the key cost and schedule estimates, as well as evaluate project status and project challenges which may affect total estimated costs to complete. We also observed the project work site when key estimates related to tangible or physical progress of the project. 
• We tested the accuracy and completeness of the key data used in developing estimates. We developed independent expectations of reasonable outcomes using, in part, the program’s data and compared our expectations to management’s estimates. 
• We tested the effectiveness of controls over the review of judgments made and significant assumptions used to develop key estimates, including controls over the key data used in developing the estimates and the mathematical extrapolation of such data.
