WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s consolidated goodwill balance was $34.4 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the goodwill associated with the DTC reporting unit was $7.9 billion. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1, or if an event or other circumstance indicates that it may not recover the carrying value of the asset. If a qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, a quantitative impairment test is performed. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill recorded for that reporting unit. As of October 1, 2022, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting. The estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, no impairment was recorded. Significant judgments and assumptions for all quantitative goodwill tests performed include discount rates, control premiums, terminal growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples, and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, including revenue growth rates and profit margins. 
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the DTC reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value of the DTC reporting unit, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumption related to the revenue growth rates. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the DTC reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management’s process for developing the fair value estimate of the DTC reporting unit, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the model, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumption used by management related to the revenue growth rates. Evaluating management’s significant assumption related to the revenue growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumption is reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) whether the assumption is consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
• We opened 26 new warehouses, including three relocations: 13 net new in the U.S. and 10 new in our Other International segment. We opened the same number of new warehouses, including relocations, in 2022; 
• Gross margin percentage increased nine basis points, driven primarily by a smaller LIFO charge in 2023 compared to 2022 and our core merchandise categories. This was partially offset by charges of $391, predominantly related to the discontinuation of our charter shipping activities; 
• SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 20 basis points, due to increased costs in warehouse operations and other businesses, primarily wage increases effective in March and July 2022, and March 2023, as well as lower sales growth;

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our crude oil marketing activities (excluding those attributable to the Midland-to-ECHO System) decreased $264.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins, which accounted for a $231.8 million decrease, and lower non-cash, mark-to-market earnings, which accounted for an additional decrease of $22.9 million. Results from crude oil marketing strategies that optimize our storage and transportation assets decreased $ 177.5 million and $ 45.0 million, respectively, year-to-year . 
Gross operating margin from our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System decreased $42.6 million year-to-year primarily due to lower transportation volumes of 17 MBPD, which accounted for a $26.5 million decrease, and lower average transportation fees, which accounted for an additional $20.6 million decrease. Gross operating margin from our equity investment in the Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline decreased $12.2 million year-to-year primarily due to lower transportation volumes of 42 MBPD (net to our interest).
Gross operating margin from our West Texas Pipeline System decreased $39.8 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average transportation fees. Transportation volumes on our West Texas Pipeline System increased 34 MBPD year-to-year.
