MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion : Diversity, equity & inclusion (“DE&I”) significantly contributes to our winning growth culture. We work to reflect the diversity of ideas and people in our world and to maximize the power and potential of our employees. 
In addition, we have many communities and sponsored programs tailored for our diverse workforce, including those that foster gender and race equality. At the end of 2022, women held 41% of global management roles (defined as Director and above) and 40% of executive leadership roles (defined as the Management Leadership Team plus one level below). In September 2020, we announced our goal to double Black representation in our U.S. management team by 2024. For our U.S. leadership, Black employees held 5.5% of management roles (defined as Director and above) at the end of 2022 and 5.1% at the end of 2021. 
Our DE&I commitment is led from the top and driven throughout the organization by our Management Leadership Team, Board of Directors and Mondelēz Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Steering Committee. As an important step in our DE&I journey, we established a team, including C-suite officers, our Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, and other key senior leaders, charged with collectively setting the strategy and DE&I commitments across the organization.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations along the Gulf Coast, including those at our Mont Belvieu complex, may be affected by weather events such as hurricanes and tropical storms, which generally arise during the summer and fall months. 
Residential demand for natural gas typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs and during the summer months for power generation for air conditioning. These seasonal trends affect throughput volumes on our natural gas pipelines and associated natural gas storage levels and marketing results. 
Due to increased demand for fuel additives used in the production of motor gasoline, our isomerization and octane enhancement businesses experience higher levels of demand during the summer driving season, which typically occurs in the spring and summer months. Likewise, shipments of refined products and normal butane experience similar changes in demand due to their use in motor fuels.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We have elected to omit in this 2021 10‑K Report, discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements presented. Refer to Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (herein incorporated by reference), filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021, for management's discussion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 
We are principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and services in the aviation, land and marine transportation industries. Our intention is to become a leading global energy management company offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment services, technology solutions, payment management solutions, as well as sustainability products and services across the renewable energy market. For additional discussion on our businesses, climate change and the associated risks, see Part I, Item 1. – Business and Item 1A – Risk Factors within this 2021 10-K Report. 
Throughout 2020 and 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the global economy as a whole, and the transportation industries in particular. Many of our customers in these industries, especially commercial airlines, experienced a substantial decline in business activity arising from the various measures enacted by governments around the world to contain the spread of the virus. While travel and economic activity has begun to improve in certain regions, activity in many parts of the world continues to be negatively impacted by travel restrictions and lockdowns. For additional discussion on the risks relating to the pandemic, see Item 1A. – Risk Factors within this 2021 10-K Report.
