BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
(2) We have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions that are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars barges, and buildings. These guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. These leases expire at various dates from 2024 through 2029. At December 31, 2022, no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees. Any obligation recorded would be recognized in Current operating lease obligations or Non-current operating lease obligations (see Note 28- Leases , to our consolidated financial statements). 
We have provided a guaranty to the Director of the Illinois Department of Agriculture as Trustee for Bunge North America, Inc. ("BNA"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by BNA, to grain producers and/or depositors in the State of Illinois who have delivered commodities to BNA's Illinois facilities. 
The following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at December 31, 2022, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Texas Fair Plan Association The Company participates as a member of the Texas Fair Plan Association (“FAIR Plan”), which provides residential property insurance to inland areas designated as underserved by the Commissioner of Insurance and the applicant(s) are unable to procure coverage in the voluntary market. The FAIR Plan issues insurance policies, like an insurance company, and it also functions as a pooling mechanism that allocates premiums, claims and expenses back to the insurance industry. As a result of the losses incurred related to Hurricane Harvey, in 2017 the FAIR Plan Board unanimously voted to approve its first ever member assessment of which the Company’s share was $ 8 million based on total direct premium written in Texas. Insurers are permitted to recover the assessment through either a premium surcharge applied to existing customers over a three-year period or increased rates, but the ability to fully recover the assessment may be impacted by market conditions or other factors. 
North Carolina Joint Underwriters Association The North Carolina Joint Underwriters Association (“NCJUA”) was created to provide property insurance for properties (other than the state’s beach and coastal areas) that insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. All insurers licensed to write property insurance in North Carolina are members of the NCJUA. Premiums, losses and expenses of the NCJUA are shared by the member companies in proportion to their respective North Carolina property insurance writings. Member companies participate in plan deficits or surpluses based on their participation ratios, which are determined annually. The Company had a $ 5 million receivable from the NCJUA at December 31, 2021 representing our participation in the NCJUA’s surplus of $ 16 million for all open years. 
North Carolina Insurance Underwriting Association The North Carolina Insurance Underwriting Association (“NCIUA”) provides windstorm and hail coverage as well as homeowners policies for properties located in the state’s beach and coastal areas that insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. All insurers licensed to write

BOEING CO report:
2017, BDS recorded charges of $401 million related to the KC-46A Tanker contract. The unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2018 was $412 million higher than the comparable period in the prior year, driven by higher charges on development programs in 2018. 
Total backlog of $63,908 million at December 31, 2019 increase d by 4% from $61,277 million at December 31, 2018 , primarily due to current year contract awards in many of our programs greater than revenue recognized. Significant orders included F/A-18 fighters, Space Launch System, P-8A Poseidon, KC-46A Tanker, and E-7 Airborne Early Warning & Control, partially offset by revenue recognized on contracts awarded in prior years. 
Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements. In these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. Examples of these programs include Ground-based Midcourse Defense , Proprietary and Space Launch System programs.
