SALESFORCE INC report:
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes, and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

BOEING CO report:
We evaluate the collectability of customer financing receivables at commencement and on a recurring basis. If a customer financing receivable is deemed uncollectible, the customer is categorized as non-accrual status. When a customer is in non-accrual status at commencement, sales-type lease revenue is deferred until substantially all cash has been received or the customer is removed from non-accrual status. If a customer status changes to non-accrual after commencement or is a direct finance lease and sufficient collateral is available, we recognize contractual interest income as payments are received to the extent payments exceed past due principal payments. If there is not sufficient collateral, then revenue is not recognized until payments exceed the principal balance. Receivables in non-accrual status as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 were $ 380 and $ 388 . Interest income received for the twelve and three months ended December 31, 2020 was $ 34 and $ 8 . 
The adequacy of the allowance for losses is assessed quarterly. Four primary factors influencing the level of our allowance for losses on customer financing receivables are customer credit ratings, default rates, expected loss rate and collateral values, which may be adversely affected by impacts that COVID-19 has on our customers. We assign internal credit ratings for all customers and determine the creditworthiness of each customer based upon publicly available information and information obtained directly from our customers. Our rating categories are comparable to those used by the major credit rating agencies. 
At December 31, 2020, our allowance related to receivables with ratings of CCC, B, BB and BBB. We applied default rates that averaged 26.0 %, 7.4 %, 3.0 % and 0.2 %, respectively, to the exposure associated with those receivables.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
2.40   3.80   3.40   2.80   4.00   3.20   Expected return on plan assets 6.50   6.80   7.00   4.50   4.30   4.80   Rate of compensation increases 3.00   3.00   3.00   N/A N/A N/A 
In determining our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, we used a weighted-average discount rate of 2.6 % in 2020. The rates were selected to approximate the composite interest rates available on a selection of high-quality bonds available in the market at December 31, 2020. The bonds selected had maturities that coincided with the time periods during which benefits payments are expected to occur, were non-callable and available in sufficient quantities to ensure marketability (at least $ 300 million par outstanding). 
In order to project the long-term target investment return for the total portfolio, estimates are prepared for the total return of each major asset class over the subsequent 10 -year period. Those estimates are based on a combination of factors including the current market interest rates and valuation levels, consensus earnings expectations and historical long-term risk premiums. To determine the aggregate return for the
