SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our research and development activities are focused on developing products and improving processes that will drive growth or otherwise add value to our core business operations. In our refined and specialty oils and milling businesses, we have several research and development centers globally to support product development and enhancement. Additionally, Bunge Ventures, our corporate venture capital unit, invests in start-ups and other early-stage companies that are developing new technologies relevant to our industries. Additionally, we invest capital and human resources in digital innovations, aimed at using technology, data and analytics to improve how we perform our most important functions across our value chains, including origination, production, logistics, and customer experience. 
We own trademarks, patents, and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However, neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark, patent, or license. 
In our Agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year, since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres, and we sell and distribute products throughout the year. However, the first quarter of the year has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the North and South American oilseed harvests, as the North American harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, and the South American harvest peaks in the second quarter. Our North and South American grain merchandising and oilseed processing activities are, therefore, generally at lower levels during the first quarter.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We are consistently deploying new network architecture and technologies to secure our leadership in both fourth-generation (4G) and fifth-generation (5G) wireless networks. We expect that our next-generation multi-use platform, which we call the Intelligent Edge Network, will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost efficient manner. Our network leadership is the hallmark of our brand and the foundation for the connectivity, platforms and solutions upon which we build our competitive advantage. 
This disclosure discusses the actions Verizon has taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts it has had on our business, as well as related known or expected trends. The disclosure in the remainder of this Management's Discussion & Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is qualified by the disclosure in this section on the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and, to the extent that the disclosure in the remainder of Management's Discussion & Analysis refers to a financial or performance metric that has been affected by a trend or activity, that reference is in addition to any impact discussed in this section on the impacts of the pandemic. 
COVID-19 was identified in late 2019 and in 2020 spread throughout the world, including throughout the United States (U.S.). Public and private sector policies and initiatives to reduce the transmission of COVID-19 have varied significantly across the U.S., but at various times during the year ended December 31, 2020 a significant percentage of the U.S. population was subject to meaningful restrictions on activities, which included limitations on the operation of businesses including retail operations, requirements that individuals remain in or close to their homes, school closures, travel restrictions, limitations on large gatherings and other policies to promote or enforce physical distancing.
