ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The EFS Midstream System serves producers in the Eagle Ford Shale, by providing condensate gathering and processing services as well as gathering, treating and compression services for associated natural gas. The EFS Midstream System includes 500 miles of gathering pipelines, 11 central gathering plants having a combined condensate storage capacity of 0.3 MMBbls, 201 MBPD of condensate stabilization capacity and 1.0 Bcf/d of associated natural gas treating capacity.
 • The Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System transports crude oil and condensate for producers in South Texas. The system, which is effectively looped and has a capacity to transport over 600 MBPD of light and medium grades of crude oil, consists of 390 miles of crude oil and condensate pipelines originating in Gardendale, Texas and extending to Corpus Christi, Texas. The system interconnects with our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System in Wilson County, Texas and our Corpus Christi marine terminal.
In addition to the operational storage capacity associated with our crude oil pipelines, we also own and operate crude oil terminals located in Houston, Midland and Beaumont, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma that are used to store crude oil for us and our customers. In conjunction with other aspects of our midstream network, our crude oil terminals provide Gulf Coast refiners with an integrated system featuring supply diversification, significant storage capabilities and a high capacity pipeline distribution system. Our system has access to an aggregate refining capacity of approximately 8 MMBPD.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(2) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses (including the partial or full sale of an equity method investment) and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, any KDP or JDE Peet’s ownership reductions are reflected as divestitures within our non-GAAP results the following quarter. See Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , and Note 7, Equity Method Investments, for information on acquisitions and divestitures impacting the comparability of our results. 
(3) Constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. 
(4) Non-GAAP adjustments related to the Simplify to Grow Program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. Costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-GAAP adjustments.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our businesses are subject to and affected by regulations of U.S. federal, state and local government authorities, and our international operations are subject to laws and regulations of the countries and international bodies, such as the E.U., in which we operate. Content networks, such as those owned by us, are regulated by the FCC including some regulations that only apply to content networks affiliated with a cable television operator. Other FCC regulations, although imposed on cable television operators and direct broadcast satellite ("DBS") operators and other distributors, affect content networks indirectly. The rules, regulations, policies and procedures affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change. These descriptions are summary in nature and do not purport to describe all present and proposed laws and regulations affecting our businesses. 
The FCC’s program access rules prevent a satellite-delivered content vendor in which a cable operator has an “attributable” ownership interest from discriminating against unaffiliated multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”), such as cable and DBS operators, in the rates, terms and conditions for the sale or delivery of content. These rules permit the unaffiliated MVPD to initiate a complaint to the FCC against content networks if it believes this rule has been violated. The FCC allowed a previous blanket prohibition on exclusive arrangements between content networks subject to these rules and cable operators to expire in October 2012, but will consider case-by-case complaints that exclusive contracts between cable operators and cable-affiliated programmers significantly hinder or prevent an unaffiliated MVPD from providing satellite or cable programming. 
The Communications Act (the “Act”) imposes “must-carry” regulations on cable systems, requiring them to carry the signals of most local broadcast television stations in their market. DBS systems are also subject to their own must-carry rules. The FCC’s implementation of “must-carry” obligations requires cable operators and DBS providers to give broadcasters preferential access to channel space and favorable channel positions. This reduces the amount of channel space that is available for carriage of our networks by cable and DBS operators. The Act also gives broadcasters the choice of opting out of must-carry and invoking the right to retransmission consent, which refers to a broadcaster’s right to require MVPDs, such as cable and satellite operators, to obtain the broadcaster's consent before distributing the broadcaster's signal to the MVPDs' subscribers. Broadcasters have traditionally used the resulting leverage from demand for their must-have broadcast content to obtain carriage for their affiliated networks. Increasingly, broadcasters are additionally seeking substantial monetary compensation for granting carriage rights for their must-have broadcast content. Such increased financial demands on distributors reduce the content funds available for independent programmers not affiliated with broadcasters, such as us.
