MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(2) Equity method investment contracts consist of the bifurcated embedded derivative option that was a component of the September 20, 2021 € 300 million exchangeable bonds issuance. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements . 
Derivatives designated as accounting hedges above include cash flow and net investment hedge derivative contracts. Our currency exchange, commodity derivative and equity method investment contracts are economic hedges that are not designated as accounting hedges. We record derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our asset derivatives is recorded within other current assets and other assets and the fair value of our liability derivatives is recorded within other current liabilities and other liabilities. 
Level 1 financial assets and liabilities consist of exchange-traded commodity futures and listed options. The fair value of these instruments is determined based on quoted market prices on commodity exchanges.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
Significant estimates and judgments inherent in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements include accounting for asset impairments, revenue recognition, estimated credit losses, content rights, leases, depreciation and amortization, the determination of ultimate revenues as they relate to amortization of capitalized content rights and accruals of participations and residuals, business combinations, share-based compensation, income taxes, other financial instruments, contingencies, estimated defined benefit plan liabilities, and the determination of whether the Company should consolidate certain entities. 
The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. Financial statements of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates for revenues and expenses for the respective periods. Translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Cash flows from the Company’s operations in foreign countries are generally translated at the weighted average rate for the respective periods.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
As noted previously, this annual report on Form 10-K, including this update to our outlook on business conditions, contains forward-looking statements that are based on our beliefs and those of our general partner, as well as assumptions made by us and information currently available to us, which includes forecast information published by third parties. See “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information” within this Part II, Item 7 and “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A, for additional information.   The following information presents our current views on key midstream energy supply and demand fundamentals. The third-party supply and demand forecasts cited in the following discussion, including our internal forecasts based on such information, remain subject to significant uncertainty because mitigation and reopening efforts related to COVID-19, emerging variants of COVID-19 and the introduction of approved vaccines and proven therapeutics continue to evolve. 
All references to U.S. Energy Information Administration (“EIA”) forecasts and expectations are derived from its February 2021 Short-Term Energy Outlook (“February 2021 STEO”), which was published on February 9, 2021.
Changes in the supply of and demand for hydrocarbon products impacts both the volume of products that we sell and the level of services that we provide to customers, which in turn has a direct impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The continued global effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which began in the first quarter of 2020 and include the consequences of international COVID-19 containment measures (e.g., quarantines, travel restrictions, temporary business closures and similar protective actions), reduced near-term demand for hydrocarbon products by record amounts and created a significant oversupply situation. Also, in the early stages of the pandemic, disputes between members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) and Russia (collectively, the “OPEC+” group) over crude oil production levels led to unprecedented volatility in global energy markets and a historic collapse in crude oil prices in April 2020. Although the OPEC+ group and other producers subsequently reached agreements to gradually reduce the oversupply of crude oil through production cuts, the downturn in the energy industry caused by lower demand and prices negatively impacted us, the producers we work with and our other customers to varying degrees.
