WORLD KINECT CORP report:
(2) We enter into lease arrangements for the use of offices, operational facilities, vehicles, vessels, storage tanks and other assets for our operations around the world. See Note 15. Leases for additional information. 
(3) As part of our risk management program, we enter into derivative instruments intended to mitigate risks associated with changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rate, and interest rates. Our obligations associated with these derivative instruments fluctuate based on changes in the fair value of the derivatives. See Note 4. Derivative Instruments and Note 12. Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
(4) We have fixed purchase commitments associated with our risk management program, as well as a purchase contract, that runs through 2026, under which we agreed to purchase annually between 1.9 million barrels and 2.0 million barrels of aviation fuel at future market prices. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Name Age Title Dirk Van de Put 60 Chief Executive Officer Luca Zaramella 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Paulette Alviti 50 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer Maurizio Brusadelli 52 Executive Vice President and President, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa Vinzenz P. Gruber 55 Executive Vice President and President, Europe Robin S. Hargrove 55 Executive Vice President, Research, Development and Quality Sandra MacQuillan 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer 
Laura Stein 59 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate & Legal Affairs Gustavo C. Valle 56 Executive Vice President and President, Latin America Henry Glendon (Glen) Walter IV 52 Executive Vice President and President, North America 
Mr. Van de Put became Chief Executive Officer and a director in November 2017 and became Chairman of the Board of Directors in April 2018. He formerly served as President and Chief Executive Officer of McCain Foods Limited, a multinational frozen food provider, from July 2011 to November 2017 and as its Chief Operating Officer from May 2010 to July 2011. Mr. Van de Put served as President and Chief Executive Officer, Global Over-the-Counter, Consumer Health Division of Novartis AG, a global healthcare company, from 2009 to 2010. Prior to that, he worked for 24 years in a variety of leadership positions for several global food and beverage providers, including Danone SA, The Coca-Cola Company and Mars, Incorporated.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our use of DCF for the limited purposes described above and in this report is not a substitute for net cash flows provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable GAAP measure. For a discussion of net cash flows provided by operating activities, see “Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities” within this Part II, Item 7. 
                          (1) For a discussion of significant changes in our comparative income statement amounts underlying net income attributable to limited partners, along with the primary drivers of such changes, see “Income Statement Highlights” within this Part II, Item 7. 
(4) For information regarding these gains, see “Interest Rate Hedging Activities” under Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
