MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On April 1, 2015 , the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") filed a complaint against Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global LLC (“Mondelēz Global”) in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (the "District Court"), Eastern Division (the “CFTC action”) following its investigation of activities related to the trading of December 2011 wheat futures contracts that occurred prior to the spin-off of Kraft Foods Group. The complaint alleges that Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global (1) manipulated or attempted to manipulate the wheat markets during the fall of 2011; (2) violated position limit levels for wheat futures and (3) engaged in non-competitive trades by trading both sides of exchange-for-physical Chicago Board of Trade wheat contracts. The CFTC seeks civil monetary penalties of either triple the monetary gain for each violation of the Commodity Exchange Act (the “Act”) or $ 1 million for each violation of Section 6(c)(1), 6(c)(3) or 9(a)(2) of the Act and $ 140,000 for each additional violation of the Act, plus post-judgment interest; an order of permanent injunction prohibiting Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global from violating specified provisions of the Act; disgorgement of profits; and costs and fees. On August 15, 2019, the District Court approved a settlement agreement between the CFTC and Mondelēz Global. The terms of the settlement, which are available in the District Court’s docket, had an immaterial impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. On October 23, 2019, following a ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit (the "Seventh Circuit") regarding Mondelēz Global's allegations that the CFTC and its Commissioners violated certain terms of the settlement agreement and the CFTC's argument that the Commissioners were not bound by the terms of the settlement agreement, the District Court vacated the settlement agreement and reinstated all pending motions that the District Court had previously mooted as a result of the settlement. Additionally, several class action complaints were filed against Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global in the District Court by investors in wheat futures and options on behalf of themselves and others similarly situated. The complaints make similar allegations as those made in the CFTC action, and the plaintiffs are seeking class action certification; monetary damages, interest and unjust enrichment; costs and fees; and injunctive, declaratory and other unspecified relief. In June 2015, these suits were consolidated in the District Court. On January 3, 2020, the District Court granted plaintiffs' request to certify a class. On January 17, 2020, we filed a petition for an interlocutory appeal of the District Court's class certification decision to the Seventh Circuit. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters; however, based on our Separation and Distribution Agreement with Kraft Foods Group dated as of September 27, 2012, we expect to bear any monetary penalties or other payments in connection with the CFTC action. Although the CFTC action and the class action complaints involve the same alleged conduct, a resolution or decision with respect to one of the matters may not be dispositive as to the outcome of the other matter. 
In November 2019, the European Commission informed us that it has initiated an investigation into our alleged infringement of European Union competition law through certain practices restricting cross-border trade within the European Economic Area. We are cooperating with the investigation. The fact that an investigation has been initiated does not mean that the European Commission has concluded that there is an infringement. It is not possible to predict how long the investigation will take or the ultimate outcome of this matter. 
On August 21, 2018, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality (“VDEQ”) issued a Notice of Violation (“NOV”) to Mondelēz Global. In the NOV, the VDEQ alleges that in our Richmond bakery, one operating line did not have the proper minimum temperature on its pollution control equipment and that the bakery failed to provide certain observation and training records. The VDEQ indicated that the alleged violations may lead to a fine and/or injunctive relief. We are working with the VDEQ to reach a resolution of this matter, and we do not expect this matter to have a material effect on our financial results.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Refined products pipelines . We own and operate the TE Products Pipeline , which is a 3,038-mile pipeline system comprised of 2,920 miles of regulated interstate pipelines and 118 miles of unregulated intrastate Texas pipelines. The system primarily transports refined products from the upper Texas Gulf Coast to Seymour, Indiana. From Seymour, segments of the TE Products Pipeline extend to Chicago, Illinois; Lima, Ohio; Selkirk, New York; and a location near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. East of Seymour, Indiana, the TE Products Pipeline is primarily dedicated to NGL transportation service. The refined products transported by the TE Products Pipeline are produced by refineries and include motor gasoline and distillates. 
The results of operations for this pipeline system are dependent upon the volume of products transported and the level of fees charged to shippers. The tariffs charged for such services are either contractual or regulated by governmental agencies, including the FERC. See “ Regulatory Matters ” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion for information regarding governmental regulation of our liquids pipelines, including tariffs charged for transportation services.
The maximum number of barrels per day that our TE Products Pipeline can transport depends on the operating balance achieved at a given point in time between various segments of the system (e.g., demand levels at each delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rate of this pipeline in terms of throughput. Aggregate throughput volumes by product type for the TE Products Pipeline were as follows for the years indicated:

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• Discovery Channel content is led by numerous franchises such as Gold Rush, Street Outlaws, Deadliest Catch, Moonshiners, Expedition Unknown, BattleBots, and Naked & Afraid . It is also known for its blue-chip and natural history specials such as Serengeti , and is home to Shark Week , the network's long-running annual summer TV event. 
• HGTV programming content attracts audiences interested specifically in home/lifestyle related topics, including real estate, renovation, restoration, decorating, interior or landscape design and fantasy lifestyles, as well as docu-series and reality competitions focused on those genres. 
• Content on HGTV includes: Home Town, Home Town Takeover, Flip or Flop, Christina on the Coast, Flipping 101, Love It or List It, Tough Love with Hilary Farr, Celebrity IOU, Property Brothers: Forever Home, Fixer to Fabulous, House Hunters, My Lottery Dream Home, Good Bones, Unsellable Houses, and Rock the Block.
