ALLSTATE CORP report:
Retail life and annuity products may be surrendered by customers for a variety of reasons. Reasons unique to individual customers include a current or unexpected need for cash or a change in life insurance coverage needs. Other key factors that may impact the likelihood of customer surrender include the level of the contract surrender charge, the length of time the contract has been in force, distribution channel, market interest rates, equity market conditions and potential tax implications. 
The surrender and partial withdrawal rate on deferred fixed annuities and interest-sensitive life insurance products, based on the beginning of year contractholder funds, was 7.2% and 6.1% in 2018 and 2017, respectively. We strive to promptly pay customers who request cash surrenders; however, statutory regulations generally provide up to six months in most states to fulfill surrender requests. 
Our asset-liability management practices enable us to manage the differences between the cash flows generated by our investment portfolio and the expected cash flow requirements of our life insurance and annuity product obligations.

BOEING CO report:
Due to the size, duration and nature of many of our long-term contracts, the estimation of total sales and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Total sales estimates are based on negotiated contract prices and quantities, modified by our assumptions regarding contract options, change orders, incentive and award provisions associated with technical performance, and price adjustment clauses (such as inflation or index-based clauses). The majority of these long-term contracts are with the U.S. government where the price is generally based on estimated cost to produce the product or service plus profit. Federal Acquisition Regulations provide guidance on the types of cost that will be reimbursed in establishing contract price. Total cost estimates are largely based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, business base and other economic projections. Factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, asset utilization, anticipated labor agreements, and lingering impacts of COVID-19. 
Revenue and cost estimates for all significant long-term contract performance obligations are reviewed and reassessed quarterly. Changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the performance obligation’s inception to date revenues, cost of sales and profit in the period in which such changes are made. Changes in revenue and cost estimates could also result in a reach-forward loss or an adjustment to a reach-forward loss which would be recorded immediately in earnings. Net cumulative catch-up adjustments for changes in estimated revenues and costs at completion across all long-term contracts, including the impact of increases in estimated losses on unexercised options, increased Loss from operations by $5,253 million, $880 million and $942 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The cumulative catch-up adjustments in 2022 were primarily due to losses recognized on the VC-25B, KC-46A Tanker, MQ-25, Commercial Crew and T-7A Red Hawk programs. These are all fixed-price development programs, and there is ongoing risk that similar losses may have to be recognized in future periods on these and/or other programs. 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is likely that materially different earnings could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, internal and supplier performance, inflationary trends, or other circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. If the combined gross margins for our profitable long-term contracts had been estimated to be higher or lower by 1% during 2022, it would have increased or decreased pre-tax income for the year by approximately $300 million.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is currently under audit by several jurisdictions in the United States and abroad. Some audits may conclude in the next 12 months, and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement amounts. It is not practical to estimate the effect, if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions in connection with the audits. The Company does not anticipate that there will be a material increase or decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
The Company files income tax returns in the United States, various state and local jurisdictions, in Canada, and in several other foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examination for years before fiscal 2018. The Company is currently subject to examination in California for fiscal years 2013 to present. 
The Company is subject to multiple examinations for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions. In certain cases, the Company has received assessments from the authorities. Possible losses or range of possible losses associated with these matters are either immaterial or an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss cannot be made at this time. If certain matters or a group of matters were to be decided adversely to the Company, it could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year.
