ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Impairment of Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliate. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Partnership recorded an impairment to its investment in White Cliffs of $129 million due to a decrease in projected future revenues and cash flows as a result of the overall market demand decline that occurred subsequent to the SemGroup acquisition and related purchase price allocation in December 2019. 
Adjusted EBITDA Related to Unconsolidated Affiliates and Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Affiliates. See additional information in “Supplemental Information on Unconsolidated Affiliates” and “Segment Operation Results” below. 
Income Tax Expense. For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period last year, income tax expense decreased due to recognition of a favorable valuation allowance adjustment for state net operating losses and a state tax rate change in the current period.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
From time to time, we grant third parties licenses to use one or more of our trademarks, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets in connection with the manufacture, sale or distribution of third party products. Similarly, we sell some products under brands, patents and/or proprietary trade secrets we license from third parties. In our agreement with Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (“Kraft Foods Group,” which is now part of The Kraft Heinz Company), we each granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and their respective intellectual property rights in named jurisdictions following the spin-off of our North American grocery business. 
We pursue four objectives in research and development: product safety and quality, growth through new products, superior consumer satisfaction and reduced costs. Our innovation efforts focus on anticipating consumer demands and adapting quickly to changing market trends. Well-being and healthy snacking are a significant focus of our current research and development initiatives. These initiatives aim to accelerate our growth and margins by addressing consumer needs and market trends and leveraging scalable innovation platforms and breakthrough technologies. We are in the process of completing a $65 million plan to build out and modernize our network of global research and development facilities. We celebrated the official opening of our Wroclaw, Poland technical center in 2017, and during 2018 we completed the modernization at the technical centers located at Suzhou, China; Jurong, Singapore and Thane, India. We are focusing our technical resources at eleven large locations to drive growth and innovation. Our network of technical centers enable greater effectiveness, improved efficiency and accelerated project delivery. These locations are in Curitiba, Brazil; Suzhou, China; Thane, India; Mexico City, Mexico; East Hanover, New Jersey; Wroclaw, Poland; Jurong, Singapore; Bournville, United Kingdom; Reading, United Kingdom; Saclay, France and Munich, Germany. 
At December 31, 2018 , we had approximately 2,400 scientists and engineers, of which 1,800 are primarily focused on research and development and the remainder are primarily focused on quality assurance and regulatory affairs. Our research and development expense was $362 million in 2018 , $366 million in 2017 and $376 million in 2016 .

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We have ownership and other interests in and contractual arrangements with various entities, including corporations, partnerships, and limited liability companies. For each such entity, we evaluate our ownership, other interests and contractual arrangements to determine whether we should consolidate the entity or account for its interest as an investment at inception and upon reconsideration events. As part of its evaluation, we initially determine whether the entity is a variable interest entity (“VIE”). Management evaluates key considerations through a qualitative and quantitative analysis in determining whether an entity is a VIE including whether (i) the entity has sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional financial support from other parties, (ii) the ability or inability to make significant decisions about the entity’s operations, and (iii) the proportionality of voting rights of investors relative to their obligations to absorb the expected losses (or receive the expected returns) of the entity. If the entity is a VIE and if we have a variable interest in the entity, we use judgment in determining if we are the primary beneficiary and are thus required to consolidate the entity. In making this determination, we evaluate whether we or another party involved with the VIE (1) has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses of or receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. 
If it is concluded that an entity is not a VIE, we consider our proportional voting interests in the entity and consolidate majority-owned subsidiaries in which a controlling financial interest is maintained. A controlling financial interest is determined by majority ownership and the absence of substantive third-party participation rights. Key factors we consider in determining the presence of substantive third-party participation rights include, but are not limited to, control of the board of directors, budget approval or veto rights, or operational rights that significantly impact the economic performance of the business such as programming, creative development, marketing, and selection of key personnel. Ownership interests in unconsolidated entities for which we have significant influence are accounted for as equity method. 
As described in Note 2, revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised services or goods to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those services or goods. Significant estimates and judgements are applied in determining the timing of revenue recognition for certain types of transactions, such as bundled arrangements for advertising sales and content licensing arrangements.
