COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our exposure to financial market risk results from fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions or hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment holdings that are diversified among various instruments considered to be cash equivalents, as defined in Note 1  to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report, as well as short-term investments in government and agency securities with effective maturities of generally three months to five years at the date of purchase. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and secondarily to generate yields. The majority of our short-term investments are in fixed interest-rate securities. These securities are subject to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations. 
Our policy limits investments in the U.S. to direct U.S. government and government agency obligations, repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government and government agency obligations, U.S. government and government agency money market funds, and insured bank balances. Our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary invests in U.S. government and government agency obligations and U.S. government and government agency money market funds. Our Canadian and Other International subsidiaries’ investments are primarily in money market funds, bankers’ acceptances, and bank certificates of deposit, generally denominated in local currencies.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date (in millions). Subsequent measurement period adjustments during 2022 were not material. 
Goodwill recognized of approximately $ 375 million was attributable to expected synergies from future growth, including synergies to our U.S. Domestic Package segment. We allocated $ 243 and $ 132 million of the recognized goodwill to Supply Chain Solutions and U.S. Domestic Package, respectively. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
The intangible assets acquired of approximately $ 231 million primarily consisted of $ 145 million of technology (amortized over 8 years), $ 67 million of trade name (amortized over 10 years), and $ 19 million in other intangibles (amortized over an average of 8 years). The carrying value of accounts receivable approximated fair value.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
Established Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition, Abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Duphalac™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.
Core Laboratory Diagnostics — Abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry and hematology systems, along with assays, including a focus on unmet medical need, in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, and oncology, as well as informatics solutions to help optimize diagnostics laboratory performance and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories.
