ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Investments in unconsolidated affiliates decreased $ 96.0 million year-to-year primarily due to lower spending on NGL pipeline expansion projects, which accounted for a $49.4 million decrease, and lower spending on our joint venture dock infrastructure at Corpus Christi and other crude oil-related projects, which accounted for an additional $ 44.2 million decrease. 
In our financial reporting processes, we employ methods, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of our financial statements. These methods, estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for each reporting period. Investors should be aware that actual results could differ from these estimates if the underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect. The following sections discuss the use of estimates within our critical accounting policies:
In general, depreciation is the systematic and rational allocation of an asset’s cost, less its residual value (if any), to the periods it benefits. The majority of our property, plant and equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method, which results in depreciation expense being incurred evenly over the life of an asset. Depreciation expense incorporates management estimates regarding the useful economic lives and residual values of our assets. At the time we place our assets into service, we believe such assumptions are reasonable; however, circumstances may develop that cause us to change these assumptions, which would change our depreciation amounts prospectively. Examples of such circumstances include (i) changes in laws and regulations that limit the estimated economic life of an asset, (ii) changes in technology that render an asset obsolete, (iii) changes in expected salvage values or (iv) significant changes in our forecast of the remaining life for the associated resource basins, if applicable.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income increased $136 million (9.4%), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, higher net pricing and the impact of acquisitions. These favorable items were partially offset by higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, intangible asset impairment charges, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (including incremental COVID-19 related costs), higher raw material costs, lapping the benefit from prior-year pension participation changes and higher costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program. 
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. We have discussed the selection and disclosure of our critical accounting policies and estimates with our Audit Committee. The following is a review of our most significant assumptions and estimates. 
We test goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on July 1. We assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill reporting units. We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as significant changes in the organization occur. Annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. In our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit’s estimated fair value with its carrying value. We estimate a reporting unit’s fair value using a discounted cash flow method which incorporates planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. This year, for our Europe and North America reporting units, we used a market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 6.4% to discount the projected cash flows of those operations. For our Latin America and AMEA reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 9.4%. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans and industry and economic conditions based on available information. Given the uncertainty of the global economic environment and the impact of COVID-19, those estimates could be significantly different than future performance. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s net assets exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We may use derivative financial instruments to modify our exposure to exogenous events and market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and the fair value of investments with readily determinable fair values. We do not use derivative financial instruments unless there is an underlying exposure. While derivatives are used to mitigate cash flow risk and the risk of declines in fair value, they also limit potential economic benefits to our business in the event of positive shifts in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and market values. We do not hold or enter into financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. 
In addition to derivatives, we had investments in entities accounted as equity method investments, equity investments, and other highly liquid instruments, such as money market and mutual funds, that are accounted for at fair value. (See Note 4 and Note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) Investments in mutual funds include both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities that carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our income from such investments may decrease in the future. 
Management of Discovery, Inc. (the “Company”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
