SALESFORCE INC report:
In February 2020, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Evergage Inc. ("Evergage") a cloud-based real-time personalization and customer data platform. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Evergage was approximately $ 100 million, which consisted of cash and the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. 
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations were as follows (in millions): 
(1) The Company retired $ 1.2 billion of fully depreciated intangible assets during fiscal 2023, of which $ 826 million were included in acquired developed technology and $ 366 million were included in customer relationships.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We are transforming the architecture of our networks into our Intelligent Edge Network, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner. 
Over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. We expect that 5G technology will provide higher throughput and lower latency than the current fourth-generation (4G) LTE technology and enable our networks to handle more traffic as the number of internet-connected devices grows. As of December 31, 2021, 5G Ultra Wideband is available in parts of 87 U.S. cities and 5G Home is available in parts of 65 U.S. cities. Our FWA 
broadband service continued to grow during the year with a customer base of approximately 223 thousand as of December 31, 2021. In January 2022, we successfully deployed C-Band spectrum, reaching approximately 100 million people in the U.S. as of February 2022.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business principally involved in the purchase, storage, transportation, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Our Agribusiness operations and assets are located in North and South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, and we have merchandising and distribution offices throughout the world. 
Our Food and Ingredients businesses consist of two reportable business segments: Edible Oil Products and Milling Products. The Edible Oil Products segment includes businesses that sell vegetable oils and fats, including cooking oils, shortenings, margarines, mayonnaise and specialty ingredients. In December 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell our Brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets to Seara Alimentos S.A. The Milling Products segment includes businesses that sell wheat flours, bakery mixes, corn-based products and rice. The operations and assets of our Edible Oil Products segment are primarily located in North and South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, and the operations and assets of our Milling Products segment are located in North and South America. 
In December 2019, we contributed our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations into a joint venture with the Brazilian biofuels business of BP p.l.c. ("BP"). These operations formed the majority of our Sugar and Bioenergy segment through which we produced and sold sugar and ethanol derived from sugarcane, as well as energy derived from the sugar and ethanol production process. The joint venture, BP Bunge Bioenergia, in which we have a 50% interest, operates on a stand-alone basis with a total of 11 mills located across the Southeast, North and Midwest regions of Brazil. BP Bunge Bioenergia is now the second largest operator by effective crushing capacity in the Brazilian sugarcane ethanol biofuel industry. As a result of this transaction, we no longer consolidate our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations in our consolidated financial statements. We account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting.
