ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• a $141.4 million year-to-year decrease in cash distributions attributable to earnings from unconsolidated affiliates, with those unconsolidated affiliates owning crude oil pipelines and terminals accounting for substantially all of the decrease.
For information regarding significant year-to-year changes in our consolidated net income and underlying segment results, see “ Income Statement Highlights ” and “ Business Segment Highlights ” within this Part II, Item 7.
 • a $1.24 billion year-to-year decrease in investments for property, plant and equipment (see “ Capital Investments ” within this Part II, Item 7 for additional information);

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and our obligation for employee healthcare benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis by evaluating and making judgments about historical claims experience and other actuarial assumptions and the estimated impact on future results. 
We recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers, which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. We account for product shipping, handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues. 
Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments, such as trade discounts, rebates or returns, are estimated at the time of sale. We base these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue, such as trade incentives and product returns, are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The balances as of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 included $ 420 million, $ 348 million and $ 375 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would reduce the Company’s income tax expense and effective tax rate after giving effect to interest deductions and offsetting benefits from other tax jurisdictions. For the year ended December 31, 2021, increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to the uncertainty of allocation and taxation of income among multiple jurisdictions partially offset by multiple audit resolutions and the lapse of statutes of limitations. 
The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service for its 2012 to 2019 consolidated federal income tax returns. It is difficult to predict the final outcome or timing of resolution of any particular tax matter. Accordingly, an estimate of any related impact to the reserve for uncertain tax positions cannot currently be determined. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to audit by any jurisdiction for years prior to 2006. Adjustments that arose from the completion of audits for certain tax years have been included in the change in uncertain tax positions in the table above. 
It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to certain of the Company's uncertain tax positions could decrease by as much as $ 125 million within the next twelve months as a result of ongoing audits, foreign judicial proceedings, lapses of statutes of limitations or regulatory developments.
