ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding our quarterly cash distributions declared with respect to the years indicated. 
At the sole discretion of Enterprise GP, cash retained by the partnership with respect to each of these periods was primarily reinvested in growth capital projects. This retainage of cash substantially reduced our reliance on the equity capital markets to fund such expenditures. 
Free Cash Flow (“FCF”), a non-GAAP financial measure, is a traditional cash flow metric that is widely used by a variety of investors and other participants in the financial community, as opposed to DCF, which is a cash flow measure primarily used by investors and others in evaluating master limited partnerships. In general, FCF is a measure of how much cash flow a business generates during a specified time period after accounting for all capital investments, including expenditures for growth and sustaining capital projects. By comparison, only sustaining capital expenditures are reflected in DCF.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We record pre-tax (i) gains or losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) into earnings, (ii) gains or losses on ineffectiveness and (iii) gains or losses on amounts excluded from effectiveness testing in interest and other expense, net for interest rate contracts. 
We enter into cross-currency interest rate swaps and forwards to hedge certain investments in our non-U.S. operations against movements in exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate notional value of these NIH derivative contracts was $ 7.3 billion and their impact on other comprehensive earnings and net earnings during the years presented below were as follows: 
(1) Amounts recorded for unsettled and settled NIH derivative contracts are recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment within other comprehensive earnings. The cash flows from the settled contracts are reported within other investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Co-financing arrangements generally represent the assignment of an economic interest in a film or television series to a producing partner. The Company generally records the amounts received for the assignment of an interest as a reduction of production cost, as the partner assumes the risk for their share of the film or series asset. The substance of these arrangements is that the third-party partner owns an interest in the film or series; therefore, in each period, the Company reflects in the consolidated statements of operations either a charge or benefit to cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization to reflect the estimate of the third-party partner’s interest in the profits or losses incurred on the film or series using the individual film forecast method, based on the terms of the arrangement. On occasion, the Company acquires the economic interest in a film from a producing partner; in this case, the Company capitalizes the acquisition cost as a content asset in film and television content rights and games and accounts for the third-party partner’s share in applicable distribution results as described above. For our collaborative arrangements entered into with third parties to jointly finance and distribute certain theatrical and television productions, net participation costs of $ 276 million were recorded in cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
Income taxes are recorded using the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates the Company expects to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not such assets will be unrealized. 
From time to time, the Company engages in transactions in which the tax consequences may be uncertain. Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax consequences of these transactions. The Company prepares and files tax returns based on its interpretation of tax laws and regulations. In the normal course of business, the Company’s tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities.
