SALESFORCE INC report:
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
Strategic Investments. Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. 
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and require the use of judgment. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying value is adjusted for our privately held equity securities if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of our strategic investments in privately held companies, we utilize the most recent data available. The determination of whether an orderly transaction is for a same or similar investment requires significant management judgment including the nature of rights and obligations of the investments, the extent to which differences in those rights and obligations would affect the fair values of those investments, and the impact of any differences based on the stage of operational development of the investee.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The NAIC has adopted the Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act (“ORSA Model Act”), which has been enacted by our insurance subsidiaries’ domiciliary states. The ORSA Model Act requires that insurers maintain a risk management framework and conduct an internal own risk and solvency assessment of the insurer’s material risks in normal and stressed environments. Results of the assessment are filed annually. 
Allstate’s risk appetite is measured through our economic capital framework. The enterprise risk appetite is cascaded into individual risk limits which set boundaries on the amount of risk we are willing to accept from one specific risk category before escalating for further management discussion and action. Risk limits are established based upon expected returns, volatility, potential tail losses and impact on the enterprise portfolio. To effectively operate within risk limits and for risk-return optimization, business units establish risk limits and capital targets specific to their businesses. Allstate’s risk management strategies adapt to changes in business and market environments. 
Process Our ERRM framework establishes a basis for transparency and dialogue across the enterprise and for continuous learning by embedding our risk and return management culture of identifying, assessing,

BOEING CO report:
Non-operating postretirement income included in Other income, net was $58 million in 2022, compared with income of $1 million in 2021 and expense of $16 million in 2020. The increased income in 2022 and 2021 was due to lower amortization of net actuarial losses. 
In August 2022, the President signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which contained provisions effective January 1, 2023, including a 15% corporate minimum tax and a 1% excise tax on stock buybacks, both of which we do not expect to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. For additional discussion related to Income Taxes, see Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Cost of sales, for both products and services, consists primarily of raw materials, parts, sub-assemblies, labor, overhead and subcontracting costs. Our BCA segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales. Under program accounting, cost of sales for each commercial aircraft program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. For long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. Substantially all contracts at our BDS segment and certain contracts at our BGS segment are long-term contracts with the U.S. government and other customers that generally extend over several years. Cost of sales for commercial spare parts is recorded at average cost.
