BOEING CO report:
Real estate and real assets: Real estate 413   413   351   351   Real assets 784   749   35   786   723   61   2   Derivatives: Assets 8   8   6   6   Liabilities ( 2 ) ( 2 ) ( 2 ) ( 2 ) Total $ 46,193   $ 10,851   $ 35,144   $ 198   $ 45,132   $ 14,978   $ 29,914   $ 240   Fixed income common/collective/pooled funds $ 1,712   $ 2,345   Fixed income other 747   604   Equity common/collective/ pooled funds 4,561   6,947   Private equity 5,100   4,013   Real estate and real assets 3,952   3,359   Hedge funds 4,717   5,745   Total investments measured at NAV as a practical expedient $ 20,789   $ 23,013   Cash $ 520   $ 267   Receivables 454   992   Payables ( 143 ) ( 708 )       Total $ 67,813   $ 68,696    
Fixed income securities are primarily valued upon a market approach, using matrix pricing and considering a security’s relationship to other securities for which quoted prices in an active market may be available, or an income approach, converting future cash flows to a single present value amount. 
Common/collective/pooled funds are typically common or collective trusts valued at their net asset values (NAVs) that are calculated by the investment manager or sponsor of the fund and have daily or monthly liquidity. Derivatives included in the table above are over-the-counter and are primarily valued using an income approach with inputs that include benchmark yields, swap curves, cash flow analysis, rating agency data and interdealer broker rates. Exchange-traded derivative positions are reported in accordance with changes in daily variation margin which is settled daily and therefore reflected in the payables and receivables portion of the table.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Products —Our refined and specialty oil products include packaged and bulk oils and fats, including cooking oils, shortenings, margarines, mayonnaise, renewable diesel feedstocks, and other products derived from the vegetable oil refining process. We primarily use soybean, sunflower, rapeseed and canola oil that we produce in our Agribusiness segment processing operations as raw materials in this business. We also refine and fractionate palm oil, palm kernel oil, coconut oil, and shea butter, and blend and refine olive oil. Additionally, we produce specialty ingredients derived from vegetable oils, such as lecithin, which is used as an emulsifier in a broad range of food products. We are a leading seller of packaged vegetable oils worldwide, based on sales. We have refined and specialty oils refining and packaging facilities in North America, South America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Africa. Our refined and specialty oils business comprises our wholly-owned refined oils business in North America, other business to business ("B2B") and business to consumer ("B2C") specialty oils offerings in South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, as well as Bunge Loders Croklaan ("Loders"), which itself is represented by our 80% ownership interest in the Bunge Loders Croklaan joint venture with IOI Corporation Berhad. 
In Brazil, our retail edible oil brands include Soya , the leading consumer packaged vegetable oil brand, as well as Primor, Leve, and Salada . Further, we are a leading supplier of shortenings to the food processor market and also produce staple food products. 
In the United States and Canada, we offer food manufacturers, bakeries, confectionary, and food service operators high-quality solutions to fit their goals, such as delivering desired tastes and textures, or reducing saturated fats in their products. Our products include trans-fat free high-oleic canola oil, which is low in saturated fats, and high-oleic soybean oil, which is highly stable and trans-fat free. We have also developed proprietary fiber addition processes that allow bakery and food processor customers to achieve significant saturated fat reductions in shortenings. We also produce margarines and buttery spreads, including our leading Country Premium brand, for food service, food processor and retail private label customers. Additionally, we sell refined vegetable oils as feedstock to the growing renewable diesel sector.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
(2) Quotes continue to be received from independent third-party valuation service providers and all significant inputs are market observable; however, there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset when compared to normal market activity such that the degree of market observability has declined to a point where categorization as a Level 3 measurement is considered appropriate. The indicators considered in determining whether a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for a specific asset has occurred include the level of new issuances in the primary market, trading volume in the secondary market, the level of credit spreads over historical levels, applicable bid-ask spreads, and price consensus among market participants and other pricing sources. 
Certain assets are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis, including mortgage loans, bank loans and policy loans and are only included in the fair value hierarchy disclosure when the individual investment is reported at fair value. 
In determining fair value, the Company principally uses the market approach which generally utilizes market transaction data for the same or similar instruments. To a lesser extent, the Company uses the income approach which involves determining fair values from discounted cash flow methodologies. For the majority of Level 2 and Level 3 valuations, a combination of the market and income approaches is used.
