MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income decreased $154 million ( 27.3% ), primarily due to lapping last year's benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian indirect tax matter of $153 million, higher raw material costs, unfavorable currency, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of the benefit from a VAT-related settlement in 2018), unfavorable volume/mix and a loss from the remeasurement of the net monetary position in Argentina. These unfavorable items were partially offset by higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs, the 2018 benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian tax matter of $26 million, lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and the lapping of the 2017 intangible asset impairment charges. 
Net revenues increased $174 million ( 5.1% ), due to higher net pricing (7.7 pp) and favorable currency (1.9 pp), partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix (4.2 pp) and the impact of a divestiture (0.3 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. Favorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of several currencies in the region relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the Brazilian real, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Argentinean peso and Mexican peso. Unfavorable volume/mix, which occurred across most of the region, was largely due to the impact of pricing-related elasticity. In addition, only a portion of the shipments delayed at the end of the second quarter due to the malware incident was recovered. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in all categories except chocolate and candy. On December 1, 2016, we sold a small confectionery business in Costa Rica. 
Segment operating income increased $292 million ( 107.4% ), primarily due to higher net pricing, the benefit from the resolution of a Brazilian indirect tax matter of $153 million, lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, favorable currency and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, unfavorable volume/mix and higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of prior-year VAT-related settlements).

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We have access to a $2.5 billion  revolving credit facility, as amended on August 11, 2017 . (See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) Borrowing capacity under this agreement is reduced by the outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program. As of December 31, 2018 , the Company had outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility of $225 million  at a weighted average interest rate of 3.82% . The revolving credit facility agreement provides for a maturity date of August 11, 2022  and the option for up to two  additional 364 -day renewal periods. All obligations of DCL and the other borrowers under the revolving credit facility are unsecured and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Discovery. 
The credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility (the “Credit Agreement”) contains customary representations, warranties and events of default, as well as affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on liens, investments, indebtedness, dispositions, affiliate transactions, dividends and restricted payments. DCL, its subsidiaries and Discovery are also subject to a limitation on mergers, liquidation and disposals of all or substantially all of their assets. The Credit Agreement, as amended on August 11, 2017 , continues to require DCL to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of no less than 3:00 to 1:00 and now requires a consolidated leverage ratio of financial covenant of 5.50 to 1.00 , with step-downs to 5.00 to 1.00  in the first year after the closing of the acquisition of Scripps Networks and 4.50 to 1.00  in the second year after the closing. As of December 31, 2018 , Discovery, DCL and the other borrowers were in compliance with all covenants and there were no events of default under the Credit Agreement. 
On August 11, 2017 , DCL entered into a delayed draw and unsecured term loan credit facility (the "Term Loans"), with a three-year tranche and a five-year tranche, each with a principal amount of up to $1 billion . The term of each delayed draw loan commenced on March 6, 2018  when Discovery borrowed the full amount of both tranches to finance a portion of the acquisition of Scripps Networks. As of December 31, 2018 , the Company had used cash from operations and borrowings under the commercial paper program to repay in full the Term Loan borrowings.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Some of the other significant estimates made by management include, but are not limited to, the timing of certain forecasted transactions that are hedged, the fair value of derivative instruments, useful lives for depreciation, depletion and amortization, purchase accounting allocations and subsequent realizability of intangible assets, fair value measurements used in the goodwill impairment test, market value of inventory, assets and liabilities resulting from the regulated ratemaking process, contingency reserves and environmental reserves. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates. Long-lived assets are required to be tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives must be tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related asset might be impaired. An impairment of an investment in an unconsolidated affiliate is recognized when circumstances indicate that a decline in the investment value is 
In order to test for recoverability when performing a quantitative impairment test, we must make estimates of projected cash flows related to the asset, which include, but are not limited to, assumptions about the use or disposition of the asset, estimated remaining life of the asset, and future expenditures necessary to maintain the asset’s existing service potential. In order to determine fair value, we make certain estimates and assumptions, including, among other things, changes in general economic conditions in regions in which our markets are located, the availability and prices of natural gas, our ability to negotiate favorable sales agreements, the risks that natural gas exploration and production activities will not occur or be successful, our dependence on certain significant customers and producers of natural gas, and competition from other companies, including major energy producers. While we believe we have made reasonable assumptions to calculate the fair value, if future results are not consistent with our estimates, we could be exposed to future impairment losses that could be material to our results of operations.
