BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Based upon an analysis of credit losses and risk factors to be considered in determining the allowance for credit losses, we have determined that the long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil are a single portfolio segment. 
We evaluate this single portfolio segment by class of receivables, which is defined as a level of information (below a portfolio segment) in which the receivables have the same initial measurement attribute and a similar method for assessing and monitoring risk. We have identified accounts in legal collection processes and renegotiated amounts as classes of long-term receivables from farmers. Valuation allowances for accounts in legal collection processes are determined by us on individual accounts based on the fair value of the collateral provided as security for the secured advance or credit sale. The fair value is determined using a combination of internal and external resources, including published information concerning Brazilian land values by region. For determination of the valuation allowances for renegotiated amounts, we consider historical experience with the individual farmers, current weather and crop conditions, as well as the fair value of non-crop collateral. 
For both classes, a long-term receivable from farmers in Brazil is considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we determine it to be probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. Recognition of interest income on secured advances to farmers is suspended once the farmer defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. No additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery, where amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income.

BOEING CO report:
For long-term contracts for which revenue is recognized over time, changes in estimated revenues, cost of sales and the related effect on operating income are recognized using a cumulative catch-up adjustment which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a long-term contract’s percentage-of-completion. When the current estimates of total revenues and costs at completion for a long-term contract indicate a loss, a provision for the entire reach-forward loss on the long-term contract is recognized. 
The table below reflects the impact of net cumulative catch-up adjustments for changes in estimated revenues and costs at completion across all long-term contracts including the impact to Loss from operations from increases in estimated losses on unexercised options for the years ended December 31: 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process, changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, internal and supplier performance, inflationary trends, or other circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Short-term investments, including commercial paper, money market funds, U.S. Treasury bills and other short-term investments, are carried at fair value. As of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the fair value of short-term investments totaled $3.03 billion  and $1.94 billion , respectively. 
Other investments primarily consist of bank loans, policy loans, real estate, agent loans and derivatives. Bank loans are primarily senior secured corporate loans and are carried at amortized cost. Policy loans are carried at unpaid principal balances. Real estate is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Agent loans are loans issued to exclusive Allstate agents and are carried at unpaid principal balances, net of valuation allowances and unamortized deferred fees or costs. Derivatives are carried at fair value. 
As of December 31, 2018 , the Company is not exposed to any credit concentration risk of a single issuer and its affiliates greater than 10%  of the Company’s shareholders’ equity, other than the U.S. government and its agencies.
