BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
determine it probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. Recognition of interest income is suspended once the borrower defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. No additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery, at which time amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income. 
When we acquire a business, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. Determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market participants, projected growth rates, the amounts and timing of future cash flows, and the discount rates applied to the cash flows. Determining the useful life of an asset also requires significant judgment. 
Our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. Instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. We generally perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. If events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses, we perform an impairment analysis at that date. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant asset. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) determine our reporting units; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value, or book value, of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge for such amount, but not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

BOEING CO report:
We have agreements to purchase and sell aluminum to address long-term strategic sourcing objectives and non-U.S. business requirements. We also hold certain other derivative instruments for economic purposes. These aluminum purchase and sale agreements and other derivative instruments are derivatives for accounting purposes but are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. For these aluminum agreements and other derivative instruments not designated for hedge accounting treatment, the changes in their fair value are recorded in earnings immediately. 
We establish allowances for credit losses on accounts receivable, unbilled receivables, customer financing receivables and certain other financial assets. The adequacy of these allowances is assessed quarterly through consideration of factors such as customer credit ratings, bankruptcy filings, published or estimated credit default rates, age of the receivable, expected loss rates and collateral exposures. Collateral exposure is the excess of the carrying value of a financial asset over the fair value of the related collateral. We determine the creditworthiness of our customers by assigning internal credit ratings based upon publicly available information and information obtained directly from the customers. Our rating categories are comparable to those used by major credit rating agencies. 
Customer financing receivables are collateralized by security in the related asset. We use a median calculated from published collateral values from multiple third-party aircraft value publications based on the type and age of the aircraft to determine the fair value of aircraft collateral. Under certain circumstances, we apply judgment based on the attributes of the specific aircraft or equipment, usually when the features or use of the aircraft vary significantly from the more generic aircraft attributes covered by outside publications.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
• live events and original programming on our Salesforce+ streaming service, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the digital-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities; 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or
