SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. In July 2021, we acquired Slack, a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We plan to integrate Slack with most Salesforce offerings.

BOEING CO report:
On March 13, 2019, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued an order to suspend operations of all 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. and by U.S. aircraft operators following two fatal accidents of 737 MAX aircraft. Non-U.S. civil aviation authorities have issued directives to the same effect (the “737 MAX Grounding”). In addition, multiple legal actions have been filed against the Company following the fatal accidents and various governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries continue relating to the accidents and the 737 MAX aircraft. 
During 2019, the Company recorded a liability in connection with estimated payments, concessions and other in-kind consideration it intends to provide to customers for disruptions related to the 737 MAX Grounding and associated delivery delays. This liability totaled $7.4 billion at December 31, 2019 and is reflected in the financial statements in Accrued liabilities. This represents the Company’s best estimate of future concessions and other consideration to its customers, and is necessarily based on individual negotiations with customers and a series of assumptions, including the timing and conditions of the 737 MAX’s return to service in various jurisdictions and the timing of future production rate increases. Because the timing and conditions of the 737 MAX return to service in various jurisdictions will be determined by civil aviation authorities and is outside of the Company’s control, the assumptions underlying the liability require a high degree of auditor judgment. 
Significant judgment is involved in management’s ability to assess and reasonably estimate potential additional financial statement effects or a range of loss, if any, resulting from the outcome of 737 MAX-related litigation and the results of the various governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries related to the 737 MAX.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Florida Citizens Castle Key is subject to assessments from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation in the state of Florida (“FL Citizens”), which was initially created by the state of Florida to provide insurance to property owners unable to obtain coverage in the private insurance market. FL Citizens, at the discretion and direction of its Board of Governors (“FL Citizens Board”), can levy a regular assessment on assessable insurers and assessable insureds for a deficit in any calendar year up to a maximum of the greater of: 2 % of the projected deficit or 2 % of the aggregate statewide direct written premium for the prior calendar year. The base of assessable insurers includes all property and casualty premiums in the state, except workers’ compensation, medical malpractice, accident and health insurance and policies written under the NFIP. An insurer may recoup a regular assessment through a surcharge to policyholders. In order to recoup this assessment, an insurer must file for a policy surcharge with the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation at least fifteen days prior to imposing the surcharge on policies. If a deficit remains after the regular assessment, FL Citizens can 
also levy emergency assessments in the current and subsequent years. Companies are required to collect the emergency assessments directly from residential property policyholders and remit to FL Citizens as collected. Currently, the emergency assessment is zero for all policies issued or renewed on or after July 1, 2015. 
Louisiana Citizens Louisiana Citizens Property Insurance Corporation (“LA Citizens”) can levy a regular assessment on participating companies for a deficit in any calendar year up to a maximum of the greater of 10 % of the calendar year deficit or 10 % of Louisiana direct property premiums industry-wide for the prior calendar year.   If the plan year deficit exceeds the amount that can be recovered through Regular Assessments, LA Citizens may fund the remaining deficit by issuing revenue assessment bonds in the capital markets. LA Citizens then declares Emergency Assessments each year to provide debt service on the bonds until they are retired. Companies writing assessable lines must surcharge their policyholders Emergency Assessments in the percentage established annually by LA Citizens and must remit amounts collected to the bond trustee on a quarterly basis. Emergency assessments to pay off bonds issued in 2007 for the hurricanes of 2005 will continue until 2025.
