MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Mr. Walter became Executive Vice President and President, North America in November 2017. Before joining Mondelēz International, Mr. Walter worked at The Coca-Cola Company, a global beverage company, in a variety of leadership positions, most recently as Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Industries China from February 2014 to October 2017 and President and Chief Operating Officer of Cola-Cola Refreshments in North America from January 2013 to February 2014. 
We adopted the Mondelēz International Code of Conduct, which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The code applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics is available free of charge on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance and will be provided free of charge to any shareholder submitting a written request to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelēz International, Inc., Three Parkway North, Deerfield, IL 60015. We will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under our code of ethics, or certain amendments to the code of ethics, on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance . 
In addition, we adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters for each of the Board’s four standing committees and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Non-Employee Directors. All of these materials are available on our web site at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance and will be provided free of charge to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: Corporate Secretary, Mondelēz International, Inc., Three Parkway North, Deerfield, IL 60015.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company has a 401(k) plan covering all eligible employees in the United States and a Registered Retirement Savings plan covering all eligible employees in Canada. Since January 1, 2006, the Company has been contributing to the plans. Total Company contributions during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, were $ 127 million, $ 106 million and $ 93 million, respectively. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is or may be involved in various legal or regulatory proceedings, claims or purported class actions related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage and hour and other claims. The Company has been, and may in the future be put on notice or sued by third-parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, including patent infringement. 
In December 2018, the Company was named as a nominal defendant and certain of its current and former directors were named as defendants in a purported shareholder derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The complaint alleged that excessive compensation was paid to such directors for their service, included claims of breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment, and sought restitution and disgorgement of a portion of the directors' compensation. Subsequently, three similar shareholder derivative actions were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The cases were consolidated under the caption In re Salesforce.com, Inc. Derivative Litigation . The parties agreed to settle the consolidated action, and the Delaware Court of Chancery approved the settlement in December 2019. No appeals were filed and the deadline to file an appeal has passed.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
a maximum funded debt to EBITDA ratio, determined as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, for the annualized trailing three months of (i) 5.5 to 1 through the end of the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2019 and (ii) 5.0 to 1.0 thereafter, in each case subject to a provision for increases to such thresholds by 0.50 in connection with certain future acquisitions for the six consecutive month period following the period in which any such acquisition occurs. 
The indentures covering HFOTCO's tax exempt notes due 2050 ("IKE Bonds") include customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants. Such covenants include limitations on the creation of new liens, indebtedness, making of certain restricted payments and payments on indebtedness, making certain dispositions, making material changes in business activities, making fundamental changes including liquidations, mergers or consolidations, making certain investments, entering into certain transactions with affiliates, making amendments to certain credit or organizational agreements, modifying the fiscal year, creating or dealing with hazardous materials in certain ways, entering into certain hedging arrangements, entering into certain restrictive agreements, funding or engaging in sanctioned activities, taking actions or causing the trustee to take actions that materially adversely affect the rights, interests, remedies or security of the bondholders, taking actions to remove the trustee, making certain amendments to the bond documents, and taking actions or omitting to take actions that adversely impact the tax exempt status of the IKE Bonds. 
Interest payments on long-term debt are based on the principal amount of debt obligations as of December 31, 2019 . With respect to variable rate debt, the interest payments were estimated using the interest rate as of December 31, 2019 . To the extent interest rates change, our contractual obligations for interest payments will change. See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” for further discussion.
