ALLSTATE CORP report:
North Carolina Insurance Underwriting Association The North Carolina Insurance Underwriting Association (“NCIUA”) provides windstorm and hail coverage as well as homeowners policies for properties located in the state’s beach and coastal areas that insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. All insurers licensed to write residential and commercial property insurance in North Carolina are members of the NCIUA. Members are assessed in proportion to their North Carolina residential and commercial property insurance writings, which is determined annually and varies by coverage, for plan deficits. As of December 31, 2019 , the NCIUA had a surplus of $ 439 million . No member company is entitled to the distribution of any portion of the Association’s surplus. The Company does not recognize any interest related to this surplus. Legislation in 2009 capped insurers’ assessments for losses incurred in any calendar year at $ 1.00 billion . Subsequent to an industry assessment of $ 1.00 billion , if the plan continues to require funding, it may authorize insurers to assess a 10 % catastrophe recovery charge on each property insurance policy statewide to be remitted to the plan. 
insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. Amounts assessed to each company are typically related to its proportion of business written in each state. The Company’s policy is to accrue assessments when the entity for which the insolvency relates has met its state of domicile’s statutory definition of insolvency, the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable and the related premium upon which the assessment is based is written. In most states, the definition is met with a declaration of financial insolvency by a court of competent jurisdiction. In certain states there must also be a final order of liquidation. Since most states allow a credit against premium or other state related taxes for assessments, an asset is recorded based on paid and accrued assessments for the amount the Company expects to recover on the respective state’s tax return and is realized over the period allowed by each state. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , the liability balance included in other liabilities and accrued expenses was $ 13 million and $ 12 million , respectively. The related premium tax offsets included in other assets were $ 15 million and $ 16 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 
In the normal course of business, the Company provides standard indemnifications to contractual counterparties in connection with numerous transactions, including acquisitions and divestitures. The types of indemnifications typically provided include indemnifications for breaches of representations and warranties, taxes and certain other liabilities, such as third-party lawsuits. The indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business based on an assessment that the risk of loss would be remote. The terms of the indemnifications vary in duration and nature. In many cases, the maximum obligation is not explicitly stated and the contingencies triggering the obligation to indemnify have not occurred and are not expected to occur. Consequently, the maximum amount of the obligation under such indemnifications is not determinable. Historically, the Company has not made any material payments pursuant to these obligations.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Other Income and Expenses 
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net consists primarily of mark-to-market adjustments related to our publicly held equity securities, observable price adjustments related to our privately held equity securities and other adjustments including impairments. Our strategic investment portfolio continues to be affected by high public equity market volatility as well as challenging market conditions for companies in which we hold private equity or debt investments. In fiscal 2023 these factors resulted in impairments on privately held equity and debt securities of $491 million, partially offset by $180 million in unrealized gains on privately held equity securities. 
Other expense primarily consists of interest expense on our debt as well as our finance leases, offset by interest income on our marketable securities portfolio. Other expense decreased primarily due to an increase in investment income from rising interest rates offset by an increase in interest expense primarily driven by our issuance of $8.0 billion Senior Notes in July 2021.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We performed impairment assessments of the reporting units impacted by the strategic reorganization, specifically our historical Wireless, historical Wireline and historical Connect reporting units on March 31, 2019, immediately before our strategic reorganization became effective. Our impairment assessments indicated that the fair value for each of our historical Wireless, historical Wireline and historical Connect reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values, and therefore did not result in a goodwill impairment. We then performed quantitative assessments of our Consumer and Business reporting units on April 1, 2019, immediately following our strategic reorganization. Our impairment assessments indicated that the fair value for each of our Consumer and Business reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values and therefore, did not result in a goodwill impairment. Our Media reporting unit was not impacted by the strategic reorganization and there was no indicator of impairment as of the reorganization date. 
Our Media business, Verizon Media, experienced increased competitive and market pressures throughout 2018 that resulted in lower than expected revenues and earnings. These pressures were expected to continue and have resulted in a loss of market positioning to our competitors in the digital advertising business. Our Media business also achieved lower than expected benefits from the integration of the Yahoo and AOL businesses. 
In connection with Verizon’s annual budget process during the fourth quarter of 2019 and 2018, the leadership at both Verizon Media and Verizon completed a comprehensive five-year strategic planning review of Verizon Media's business prospects resulting in unfavorable adjustments to Verizon Media's financial projections. These revised projections were used as a key input into Verizon Media's annual goodwill impairment tests performed in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 2018.
