WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our networks and digital products compete for the sale of advertising with other television networks, including broadcast, cable, local networks, and other content distribution outlets for their target audiences and the sale of advertising. Our success in selling advertising is a function of the size and demographics of our audiences, quantitative and qualitative characteristics of the audience of each network, the perceived quality of the network and of the particular content, the brand appeal of the network and ratings as determined by third-party research companies, prices charged for advertising and overall advertiser demand in the marketplace. 
Our networks and DTC products also compete for their target audiences with all forms of content and other media provided to viewers, including broadcast, cable and local networks, streaming services, pay-per-view and VOD services, DVDs, online activities and other forms of news, information and entertainment. 
We are fundamentally a content company and the protection of our brands and content is of primary importance. We have also made and will continue to make investments in developing technology platforms to support our digital products and DTC offerings and consider these platforms to be one of our intellectual property assets. To protect our intellectual property assets, we rely upon a combination of copyright, trademark, unfair competition, trade secret and Internet/domain name statutes and laws, and contract provisions. However, there can be no assurance of the degree to which these measures will be successful. Moreover, effective intellectual property protection may be either unavailable or limited in certain foreign territories. Policing unauthorized use of our products and services and related intellectual property is difficult and costly. We seek to limit unauthorized use of our intellectual property through a combination of approaches. However, the steps taken to prevent the infringement of our intellectual property by unauthorized third parties may not be effective.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The maximum number of barrels per day that our NGL pipelines can transport depends on the operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each injection and delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our NGL pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 3,412 MBPD, 3,589 MBPD and 3,615 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
 • The Mid-America Pipeline System is an NGL pipeline system consisting of the 3,119-mile Rocky Mountain pipeline, the 2,023-mile Conway North pipeline, the 632-mile Ethane-Propane (“EP”) Mix pipeline, and the 2,088-mile Conway South pipeline. The Rocky Mountain pipeline transports mixed NGLs from production fields located in the Rocky Mountain Overthrust and San Juan Basin to the Hobbs NGL hub located on the Texas-New Mexico border. The Conway North segment links the NGL hub at Conway, Kansas to refineries, petrochemical plants and propane markets in the upper Midwest. NGL hubs provide buyers and sellers with a centralized location for the storage and pricing of products, while also providing connections to intrastate and/or interstate pipelines. The EP Mix segment transports EP mix from the Conway hub to petrochemical plants in Iowa and Illinois. The Conway South pipeline connects the Conway hub with Kansas refineries and provides bi-directional transportation of NGLs between the Conway and Hobbs hubs. At the Hobbs NGL hub, the Mid-America Pipeline System interconnects with our Seminole NGL Pipeline and Hobbs NGL fractionation and storage facility. The Mid-America Pipeline System is also connected to 18 non-regulated NGL terminals that we own and operate.
 • The South Texas NGL Pipeline System is a network of NGL gathering and transportation pipelines located in South Texas that gather and transport mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities (owned by either us or third parties) to our NGL fractionators located in South Texas and in Chambers County, Texas. In addition, this system transports purity NGL products from our South Texas NGL fractionators to refineries and petrochemical plants located between Corpus Christi, Texas and Houston, Texas and within the Texas City-Houston area, as well as to interconnects with other NGL pipelines and to our Chambers County storage complex. The South Texas NGL Pipeline System extends our ethane header system from Chambers County, Texas to Corpus Christi, Texas.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Gross assets recorded under capital and build-to-suit leases were $457  and $427  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively. These assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of $106  and $94  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively. 
At the end of 2019 , future minimum payments, net of sub-lease income of $105  for all years combined, under non-cancelable operating leases with terms of at least one year and capital leases were as follows: 
The Company’s current quarterly dividend rate is $0.65  per share. In August 2019, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend in the amount of $0.65  per share, which was paid subsequent to the end of 2019.
