ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
By order issued October 1, 2019, the Panhandle Section 5 and Section 4 cases were consolidated. An initial decision is expected to be issued in the first quarter of 2021. By order issued February 19, 2019, the FERC initiated a review of Southwest Gas’ existing rates pursuant to Section 5 of the Natural Gas Act to determine whether the rates currently charged by Southwest Gas are just and reasonable and set the matter for hearing. Southwest Gas filed a cost and revenue study on May 6, 2019. On July 10, 2019, Southwest filed an Offer of Settlement in this Section 5 proceeding, which settlement was supported or not opposed by Commission Trial Staff and all active parties. The settlement was approved on October 29, 2019. 
Sea Robin Pipeline Company filed a Section 4 rate case on November 30, 2018. A procedural schedule was ordered with a hearing date in the 4th quarter of 2019. Sea Robin Pipeline Company has reached a settlement of this proceeding, with a settlement filed July 22, 2019. The settlement was approved by the FERC by order dated October 17, 2019. 
Even without action on the 2017 Tax Law NOI or as contemplated in the Final Rule, the FERC or our shippers may challenge the cost of service rates we charge. The FERC’s establishment of a just and reasonable rate is based on many components, and tax-related changes will affect two such components, the allowance for income taxes and the amount for accumulated deferred income taxes, while other pipeline costs also will continue to affect the FERC’s determination of just and reasonable cost of service rates. Although changes in these two tax related components may decrease, other components in the cost of service rate calculation may increase and result in a newly calculated cost of service rate that is the same as or greater than the prior cost of service rate. Moreover, we receive revenues from our pipelines based on a variety of rate structures, including cost of service rates, negotiated rates, discounted rates and market-based rates. Many of our interstate pipelines, such as ETC Tiger Pipeline, LLC, MEP and FEP, have negotiated market rates that were agreed to by customers in connection with long-term contracts entered into to support the construction of the pipelines. Other systems, such as FGT, Transwestern and Panhandle, have a mix of tariff rate, discount rate, and negotiated rate agreements. We do not expect market-based rates, negotiated rates or discounted rates that are not tied to the cost of service rates to be affected by the Revised Policy Statement or any final regulations that may result from the March 15, 2018 proposals. The revenues we receive from natural gas transportation services we provide pursuant to cost of service based rates may decrease in the future as a result of the ultimate outcome of the NOI, the Final Rule, and the Revised Policy Statement, combined with the reduced corporate federal income tax rate established in the Tax Act. The extent of any revenue reduction related to our cost of service rates, if any, will depend on a detailed review of all of ETO’s cost of service components and the outcomes of any challenges to our rates by the FERC or our shippers.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
U.S. Networks generated revenues of $6.9 billion and adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization ("Adjusted OIBDA") of $4.0 billion during 2020, which represented 65% and 95% of our total consolidated revenues and Adjusted OIBDA, respectively. Our U.S. Networks segment principally consists of national television networks. Our U.S. Networks segment owns and operates 17 national television networks, including fully distributed television networks such as Discovery Channel, HGTV, Food Network, TLC, and Animal Planet. In addition, we operate the following U.S. Networks: MotorTrend, Investigation Discovery, Travel Channel, Science, Discovery Family, American Heroes Channel, Destination America, Discovery Life, DIY Network, Cooking Channel, Great American Country, and OWN. In 2020, we also provided authenticated U.S. TV Everywhere ("TVE") streaming products that are available to pay-TV subscribers and connect viewers through our GO applications with live and on-demand access to award-winning shows and series from 16 U.S. networks in the Discovery portfolio and from Discovery Familia and Discovery en Español. During 2020, we achieved incremental increases in U.S. digital platform consumption. Furthermore, we provide certain networks to consumers as part of subscription-based over-the-top services provided by DirectTV Now, AT&T Watch, Hulu, SlingTV, fuboTV, and YouTube TV. 
U.S. Networks generates revenues from fees charged to distributors of our television networks’ first run content, which includes cable, DTH satellite and telecommunication service providers, referred to as affiliate fees; fees from distributors for licensed content and content to equity method investee networks, referred to as other distribution revenue; fees from advertising sold on our television networks and digital products, which include discovery+, our GO suite of TVE applications and other DTC subscription products; fees from providing sales representation, network distribution services; and revenue from licensing our brands for consumer products. Typically, our television networks are aired pursuant to multi-year carriage agreements that provide for the level of carriage that our networks will receive and for annual graduated rate increases. Carriage of our networks depends on package inclusion, such as whether networks are on the more widely distributed, broader packages or lesser-distributed, specialized packages, also referred to as digital tiers. In the U.S., approximately 95% of distribution revenues come from the top 10 distributors, with whom we have agreements that expire at various times. Distribution fees are typically collected ratably throughout the year. Certain of our DTC products, including the recent launch of our aggregated discovery+ service in January 2021, provide dual revenue streams. 
Advertising revenue is generated across multiple platforms and is based on the price received for available advertising spots and is dependent upon a number of factors including the number of subscribers to our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our programming, our ability to sell commercial time over a portfolio of channels and leverage multiple platforms to connect advertisers to target audiences. In the U.S., advertising time is sold in the upfront and scatter markets. In the upfront market, advertisers buy advertising time for upcoming seasons and, by committing to purchase in advance, lock in the advertising rates they will pay for the upcoming year. Many upfront advertising commitments include options whereby advertisers may reduce or increase purchase commitments. In the scatter market, advertisers buy advertising closer to the time when the commercials will be run, which often results in a pricing premium compared to the upfront rates. The mix of upfront and scatter market advertising time sold is based upon the economic conditions at the time that upfront sales take place, impacting the sell-out levels management is willing or able to obtain. The demand in the scatter market then impacts the pricing achieved for our remaining advertising inventory. Scatter market pricing can vary from upfront pricing and can be volatile.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We manage our global business and report operating results through geographic units. We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise across our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. Segment operating income excludes unrealized gains and losses on hedging activities (which are a component of cost of sales), general corporate expenses (which are a component of selling, general and administrative expenses), amortization of intangible assets, gains and losses on divestitures and acquisitions and acquisition-related costs (which are a component of selling, general and administrative expenses) in all periods presented. We exclude these items from segment operating income in order to provide better transparency of our segment operating results. Furthermore, we centrally manage benefit plan non-service income and interest and other expense, net. Accordingly, we do not present these items by segment because they are excluded from the segment profitability measure that management reviews. 
Items impacting our segment operating results are discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures, Note 4, Property, Plant and Equipment, Note 6, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Note 8, Restructuring Program , and Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies . Also see Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , and Note 10, Financial Instruments, for more information on our interest and other expense, net for each period.
