BOEING CO report:
Our audit procedures related to the cost estimates for the KC-46A Tanker, Commercial Crew, United States Air Force VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, T-7A Redhawk, and MQ-25 fixed-price development contracts included the following, among others: 
• We evaluated the reasonableness of judgments made and significant assumptions used by management relating to key cost and schedule estimates, including the effects of supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, and inflationary pressures. We also evaluated the ranges and probabilities of reasonably possible outcomes, and where management set its point estimate within the range. 
• We evaluated the appropriateness of the timing of changes to key estimates, including evaluating the timeline of key events and knowledge points that led to management’s determination that a change in estimate was necessary.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Income Taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character, for example, ordinary income or capital gain, within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
Strategic Investments.  Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. Privately held

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our operations are organized, managed, and classified into four reportable segments based upon their similar economic characteristics, nature of products and services offered, production processes, types and classes of customer, and distribution methods. We further organize these reportable segments into Core operations and Non-core operations. Core operations comprise our Agribusiness, Refined and Specialty Oils, and Milling segments. Non-core operations comprise our Sugar & Bioenergy segment, which itself primarily comprises the Company’s 50% interest in the net earnings of BP Bunge Bioenergia, a joint venture with BP p.l.c. ("BP"). 
Our remaining operations are not reportable segments, as defined by the applicable accounting standard, and are classified as Corporate and Other. Corporate and Other includes salaries and overhead for corporate functions that are not allocated to our individual reportable segments because the operating performance of each reportable segment is evaluated by the Company's chief operating decision maker exclusive of these items, as well as certain other activities including Bunge Ventures, the Company's captive insurance activities, and securitization program, as well as certain income tax assets and liabilities. 
Agribusiness segment Net sales increased by $4,064 million, or 9%, to $47,700 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $43,636 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the following:
