SALESFORCE INC report:
Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in countries including the United States, France, United Kingdom and Germany. In March 2017, the Company received the final notice of proposed adjustments primarily related to transfer pricing issues from the IRS. The Company is currently appealing the IRS proposed adjustments. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed in the Company's tax audits are resolved in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. 
The Company has operations and taxable presence in multiple jurisdictions in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions around the world. The Company currently considers U.S. federal and state, Canada, Japan, Australia, Germany, France and the United Kingdom to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal and state tax returns since February 1999, which was the inception of the Company, remain open to examination. With some exceptions, tax years prior to fiscal 2016 in jurisdictions outside of U.S. are generally closed. However, in Japan and United Kingdom, the Company is no longer subject to examinations for years prior to fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2017, respectively. 
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that a decrease of unrecognized tax benefits up to approximately $3 million  may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Realized capital gains for performance-based investments in 2019 primarily related to gains on sales of investments in directly held real estate, a gain on the sale of a limited partnership and increased valuation of equity investments. 2018 primarily related to increased valuation of equity investments and gains on valuation and settlements of derivative instruments. 
Market risk is the risk that we will incur losses due to adverse changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, commodity prices or currency exchange rates. Adverse changes to these rates and prices may occur due to changes in fiscal policy, the economic climate, the liquidity of a market or market segment, insolvency or financial distress of key market makers or participants or changes in market perceptions of credit worthiness and/or risk tolerance. Our primary market risk exposures are to changes in interest rates, credit spreads and equity prices. We also have direct and indirect exposure to commodity price changes through our diversified investments in timber, agriculture, infrastructure and energy primarily held in limited partnership interests and consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Overview In formulating and implementing guidelines for investing funds, we seek to earn attractive risk-adjusted returns that enhance our ability to offer competitive rates and prices to customers while contributing to stable profits and long-term capital growth. Accordingly, our investment decisions and objectives are informed by the underlying risks and product profiles. Investment policies define the overall framework for managing market and other investment risks, including accountability and controls over risk management activities. Subsidiaries that conduct investment activities follow policies that have been approved by their respective boards of directors and which specify the investment limits and strategies that are appropriate given the liquidity, surplus, product profile and regulatory requirements of the subsidiary. Executive oversight of investment activities is conducted primarily through the subsidiaries’ boards of directors and legal entity investment committees. The Enterprise Risk and Return Council (“ERRC”) oversees the aggregate risk of Allstate and its subsidiaries. Working in conjunction with the board or the investment committee of each subsidiary, as applicable, the ERRC evaluates the risk tolerance of each subsidiary and determines the aggregate risk tolerance of the enterprise.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also have foreign exchange forwards which we use as economic hedges but for which we have elected not to apply hedge accounting. We enter into British Pound Sterling and Euro foreign exchange forwards to mitigate our foreign exchange rate risk related to non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries. 
At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was insignificant. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of the asset of these contracts was insignificant and there was no amount related to the liability of these contracts. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total notional amount of the foreign exchange forwards was $920 million and $932 million, respectively. 
We have audited Verizon Communications Inc. and subsidiaries’ (Verizon) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Verizon maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.
