MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(4) In connection with this debt issuance, we entered into cross-currency swaps, serving as cash flow hedges, so that the U.S. dollar-denominated debt payments will effectively be paid in euros over the life of the debt. 
The fair value of our short-term borrowings at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 reflects current market interest rates and approximates the amounts we have recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our long-term debt was determined using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 valuation data) for the publicly traded debt obligations. 
See Note 10, Financial Instruments , for information on the gain/loss related to U.S. dollar interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges and for information on amounts in other income related to our net investment hedge derivative contracts and the amounts excluded from hedge effectiveness of $ 117 million in 2020, $ 133 million in 2019 and $ 120 million in 2018.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our TE Products Pipeline System decreased a net $18 million year-to-year primarily due to higher operating costs, which accounted for a $29 million decrease, partially offset by higher ancillary service revenues, which accounted for a $15 million increase. Overall, transportation volumes on our TE Products Pipeline System decreased a net 183 MBPD year-to-year.
Gross operating margin at our refined products terminal in Beaumont, Texas decreased $12 million year-to-year primarily due to lower storage revenues. Refined product terminal volumes at Beaumont decreased 25 MBPD year-to-year.
Gross operating margin from our other ethylene activities increased $20 million year-to-year primarily due to a 26 MBPD increase in transportation volumes, which accounted for a $13 million increase, and higher storage revenues, which accounted for an additional $8 million increase.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Advertising revenues are principally generated from the sale of commercial time on linear and digital platforms. A substantial portion of the linear and digital advertising contracts in the U.S. and certain international markets guarantee the advertiser a minimum audience level that either the program in which their advertisements are aired or the advertisement will reach. On the linear platform, the Company provides a service to deliver an advertising campaign which is satisfied by the provision of a minimum number of advertising spots in exchange for a fixed fee over a contract period of one year or less. The Company delivers spots in accordance with these contracts during a variety of day parts and programs. In the agreements governing these advertising campaigns, the Company has also promised to deliver to its customers a guaranteed minimum number of viewers (“impressions”) on a specific television network within a particular demographic (e.g. men aged 18-35). These advertising campaigns are considered to represent a single, distinct performance obligation. Revenues are recognized based on the audience level delivered multiplied by the average price per impression. The Company provides the advertiser with advertising until the guaranteed audience level is delivered, and invoiced advertising revenue receivables may exceed the value of the audience delivery. As such, revenues are deferred until the guaranteed audience level is delivered or the rights associated with the guarantee lapse, which is less than one year. Audience guarantees are initially developed internally, based on planned programming, historical audience levels, the success of pilot programs, and market trends. Actual audience and delivery information is published by independent ratings services. 
Digital advertising contracts typically contain promises to deliver guaranteed impressions in specific markets against a targeted demographic during a stipulated period of time. If the specified number of impressions is not delivered, the transaction price is reduced by the number of impressions not delivered multiplied by the contractually stated price per impression. Each promise is considered a separate performance obligation. For digital contracts with an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as impressions are delivered. Actual audience delivery is typically reported by independent third parties. 
For contracts without an audience guarantee, advertising revenues are recognized as each spot airs. The airing of individual spots without a guaranteed audience level are each distinct, individual performance obligations. The Company allocates the consideration to each spot based on its relative standalone selling price. Advertising revenues from digital platforms are recognized as impressions are delivered or the services are performed.
