ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Corporation has access to a universal shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that expires in 2021. We can use this shelf registration to issue an unspecified amount of debt securities, common stock (including 581 million shares of treasury stock as of December 31, 2019 ), preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts, stock purchase units and securities of trust subsidiaries. The specific terms of any securities we issue under this registration statement will be provided in the applicable prospectus supplements. 
$369 million of the contracts with market value adjusted surrenders have a 30-45 day period at the end of their initial and subsequent interest rate guarantee periods (which are typically 1, 5, 7 or 10 years) during which there is no surrender charge or market value adjustment. $168 million of these contracts have their 30-45 day window period in 2020. 
 Retail life and annuity products may be surrendered by customers for a variety of reasons. Reasons unique to individual customers include a current or unexpected need for cash or a change in life insurance coverage needs. Other key factors that may impact the likelihood of customer surrender include the level of the contract surrender charge, the length of time the contract has been in force, distribution channel, market interest rates, equity market conditions and potential tax implications.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Raw Materials —We purchase oilseeds and grains either directly from farmers or indirectly through intermediaries. Although the availability and price of agricultural commodities may, in any given year, be affected by unpredictable factors such as weather, government programs and policies, and farmer planting and selling decisions, our operations in major crop growing regions have enabled us to source adequate raw materials for our operational needs. 
Competition —Due to their commodity nature, markets for our products are highly competitive and subject to product substitution. Competition is principally based on price, quality, product and service offerings, and geographic location. Major competitors include but are not limited to: The Archer Daniels Midland Co. ("ADM"), Cargill Incorporated ("Cargill"), Louis Dreyfus Group ("Louis Dreyfus"), Glencore International PLC ("Glencore"), Wilmar International Limited ("Wilmar"), and COFCO International ("COFCO"). 
Overview —We primarily sell our refined and specialty oil products to food processors, food service companies, and retail outlets, as well as for feedstock to renewable diesel producers. The principal raw materials used in our Refined and Specialty Oils segment are various crude and further processed vegetable oils and fats. These raw materials are mostly agricultural commodities that we either produce or purchase from third parties. We believe that our global integrated business model enables us to realize synergies among our Agribusiness, Refined and Specialty Oils, and Milling segments through raw material procurement, logistics, risk management and the co-location of industrial facilities, enabling us to supply customers with reliable, high-quality products on a global basis. As many of the products we sell in our Refined and Specialty Oils segment are staple foods or ingredients, these businesses generally benefit from global population and income growth rates.

BOEING CO report:
Embraer shareholders approved the transaction, which remains subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. We are actively engaged with the European Commission and have obtained unconditional clearance to close in all other required jurisdictions, including the United States, China, and Japan. In Brazil, the Administrative Council for Economic Defense (CADE)’s General-Superintendence (SG) has provided unconditional approval; the decision will become final in mid-February unless a review is requested by CADE Commissioners. We continue to be engaged with the European Commission as it progresses its Phase II investigation of the transaction. Pending timely resolution of the remaining regulatory approvals, the transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2020. If the transaction is not completed due to failure to obtain antitrust approvals, we would be required to pay a termination fee of $ 100 . 
On October 9, 2018, we acquired all the outstanding shares of KLX Inc. (KLX). KLX is a global provider of aviation parts and services in the aerospace industry. Its capabilities include distribution and supply chain services. The KLX acquisition is intended to accelerate growth in our services business by allowing Boeing to offer commercial, defense, business and general aviation customers a broader range of offerings. The results of KLX’s operations have been included in our Global Services segment from the acquisition date. KLX’s revenues and earnings from operations from October 9, 2018 through December 31, 2018 were $ 356 and $ 50 . 
The goodwill has been allocated to the Global Services and Commercial Airplanes segments based on revenue synergies expected to be realized from the integration of KLX’s products and services and expected cost synergies primarily resulting from the consolidation of procurement spending and functional support. Approximately $ 533 of the acquired goodwill and intangible assets is deductible for tax purposes. The acquired intangible assets primarily relate to customer and supplier relationships and have a weighted-average useful life of 17.5 years .
