SALESFORCE INC report:
Options Outstanding Options Exercisable Range of Exercise Prices Number Outstanding (in millions) Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) Weighted- Average Exercise Price Number of Shares (in millions) Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
The restricted stock, which upon vesting entitles the holder to one share of common stock for each share of restricted stock, has an exercise price of $ 0.001 per share, which is equal to the par value of the Company’s common stock, and generally vests over four years . The total fair value of shares vested during fiscal 2021 and 2020 was $ 2.5 billion and $ 1.9 billion, respectively. 
The aggregate expected stock compensation remaining to be recognized reflects only outstanding stock awards as of January 31, 2021 and assumes no forfeiture activity. The aggregate expected stock compensation remaining will be recognized over a weighted-average period of two years .

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The functional currency of our foreign operations is generally the local currency. For these foreign entities, we translate their financial statements into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period for income statement amounts and using end-of-period exchange rates for assets and liabilities. We record these translation adjustments in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a separate component of Equity, in our consolidated balance sheets. We record exchange gains and losses resulting from the conversion of transaction currency to functional currency as a component of Other income (expense), net. 
Pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefits earned during the year, as well as interest on projected benefit obligations, are accrued. Prior service costs and credits resulting from changes in plan benefits are generally amortized over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive benefits. Expected return on plan assets is determined by applying the return on assets assumption to the actual fair value of plan assets. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized in Other income (expense), net in the year in which they occur. These gains and losses are measured annually as of December 31 or upon a remeasurement event. Verizon management employees no longer earn pension benefits or earn service towards the Company retiree medical subsidy. See Note 11 for additional information. 
We recognize a pension or a postretirement plan’s funded status as either an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets. Also, we measure any unrecognized prior service costs and credits that arise during the period as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of applicable income tax.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Effect of Run-off Property-Liability business on combined ratio: includes claims and claims expense, restructuring and related charges and operating costs and expenses in the Run-off Property-Liability segment 
• PIF : Policy counts are based on items rather than customers. A multi-car customer would generate multiple item (policy) counts, even if all cars were insured under one policy. Commercial lines PIF counts for shared economy agreements typically reflect contracts that cover multiple rather than individual drivers. 
• New issued applications : Item counts of automobile or homeowner insurance applications for insurance policies that were issued during the period, regardless of whether the customer was previously insured by another Allstate brand.
