SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth levers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs 
upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. As a result, we have seen that customers with many of these characteristics drive higher annual revenues and have lower attrition rates than our company average. 
In addition to our focus on top line growth levers, we are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our operating margin. For example, in January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan (the “Plan”) intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins, and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth. The Plan includes a reduction of our workforce by approximately 10 percent and select real estate exits and office space reductions within certain markets. We expect to see improvements in our operating expenses across all operating categories, with the most opportunity in sales and marketing expense and general and administrative expenses. We plan to continue to grow and innovate our business and service offerings and expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Net cash from operating activities amounted to $7.9 billion, $6.1 billion and $6.3 billion in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2020 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings, lower payments related to interest, integration expenses, and restructuring actions, and the proceeds from a litigation settlement partially offset by an increased investment in working capital and higher income tax payments. The decrease in Net cash from operating activities in 2019 was primarily due to an increased investment in working capital, timing of pension contributions relative to 2018 and higher income tax payments, partially offset by the favorable cash flow impact of improved segment operating earnings and lower interest and acquisition-related expenses.
While a significant portion of Abbott’s cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2020, are reinvested in foreign subsidiaries, Abbott does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. Due to the enactment of the TCJA, if these funds were needed for operations in the U.S., Abbott does not expect to incur significant additional income taxes in the future to repatriate these funds.
Abbott funded $400 million in 2020, $382 million in 2019 and $114 million in 2018 to defined benefit pension plans. Abbott expects pension funding of approximately $410 million in 2021 for its pension plans. Abbott expects annual cash flow from operating activities to continue to exceed Abbott’s capital expenditures and cash dividends.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Non-cash asset impairment charges decreased $180 million year-to-year primarily due to the partial impairment of our marine transportation business in December 2021, which accounted for $114 million of expense, and the sale of a coal bed natural gas gathering system and related Val Verde treating facility in March 2021, both of which were components of our San Juan Gathering System, which accounted for an additional $44 million of expense. For information regarding these charges, see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased $804 million when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the previously described year-to-year changes in revenues, operating costs and expenses, general and administrative costs and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates.
We capitalize interest costs incurred on funds used to construct property, plant and equipment while the asset is in its construction phase. Capitalized interest amounts become part of the historical cost of an asset and are charged to earnings (as a component of depreciation expense) on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset once the asset enters its intended service. When capitalized interest is recorded, it reduces interest expense from what it would be otherwise. Capitalized interest amounts fluctuate based on the timing of when projects are placed into service, our capital investment levels and the interest rates charged on borrowings.
