ALLSTATE CORP report:
Asset replication refers to the “synthetic” creation of assets through the use of derivatives. The Company replicates fixed income securities using a combination of a credit default swap, index total return swap, options, futures, or a foreign currency forward contract and one or more highly rated fixed income securities, primarily investment grade host bonds, to synthetically replicate the economic characteristics of one or more cash market securities. The Company replicates equity securities using futures, index total return swaps, and options to increase equity exposure. 
Property-Liability may use interest rate swaps, swaptions, futures and options to manage the interest rate risks of existing investments. These instruments are utilized to change the duration of the portfolio in order to offset the economic effect that interest rates would otherwise have on the fair value of its fixed income securities. Fixed income index total return swaps are used to offset valuation losses in the fixed income portfolio during periods of declining market values. Credit default swaps are typically used to mitigate the credit risk within the Property-Liability fixed income portfolio. Equity index total return swaps, futures and options are used by Property-Liability to offset valuation losses in the equity portfolio during periods of declining equity market values. In addition, equity futures are used to hedge the market risk related to deferred compensation liability contracts. Forward contracts are primarily used by Property-Liability to hedge foreign currency risk associated with holding foreign currency denominated investments and foreign operations. 
Prior to December 31, 2022, the Company also had derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are required to be separated from the host contracts and accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value of embedded derivatives reported in net income.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We pursue our objective by utilizing foreign currency forward contracts to offset foreign exchange risk. Our foreign currency forward contracts are generally short-term in duration. We neither use these foreign currency forward contracts for trading purposes nor do we currently designate these forward contracts as hedging instruments pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, we record the fair values of these contracts as of the end of our reporting period to our consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair values recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. Given the short duration of the forward contracts, the amount recorded is not significant. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or loss on our foreign currency forward contracts and other factors. 
Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, revenues, operating expenses and cash flows that we report for our foreign subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into USD. Although the USD fluctuated against certain international currencies throughout the year, the amounts of revenue that we reported in USD for foreign subsidiaries that transact in international currencies were similar to what we would have reported during fiscal 2020 using a constant currency rate. However, fluctuations in USD against certain international currencies over the past several months modestly benefited our remaining performance obligation as of January 31, 2021 compared to what we would have reported as of January 31, 2020 using constant currency rate. 
We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $12.0 billion as of January 31, 2021. This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.

BOEING CO report:
Indefinite-lived intangibles consist of brand and trade names acquired in business combinations. We test these intangibles for impairment by comparing their carrying value to current projections of discounted cash flows attributable to the brand and trade names. Any excess carrying value over the amount of discounted cash flows represents the amount of the impairment. 
Our finite-lived acquired intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows: developed technology, from 4 to 14 years; product know-how, from 6 to 30 years; customer base, from 3 to 17 years; distribution rights, from 3 to 27 years; and other, from 2 to 32 years. We evaluate the potential impairment of finite-lived acquired intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the carrying value is no longer recoverable based upon the undiscounted future cash flows of the asset, the amount of the impairment is the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset. 
Available-for-sale debt securities include commercial paper, U.S. government agency securities, and corporate debt securities. Available-for-sale debt securities are recorded at fair value, and unrealized gains and losses are recorded, net of tax, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are recognized based on the specific identification method. Available-for-sale debt securities are assessed for impairment quarterly.
