MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. We have discussed the selection and disclosure of our critical accounting policies and estimates with our Audit Committee. The following is a review of our most significant assumptions and estimates. 
We test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on July 1. We assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill reporting units. We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as significant changes in the organization occur. Annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. In our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit’s estimated fair value with its carrying value. We estimate a reporting unit’s fair value using a discounted cash flow method which incorporates planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. This year, for our Europe and North America reporting units, we used a market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 7.3% to discount the projected cash flows of those operations. For our Latin America and AMEA reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 10.3% . Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans and industry and economic conditions, and our actual results and conditions may differ over time. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s net assets exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit fair value. 
In 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , there were no impairments of goodwill. In connection with our 2018 annual impairment testing, each of our reporting units had sufficient fair value in excess of carrying value. While all reporting units passed our annual impairment testing, if planned business performance expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then the estimated fair values of a reporting unit or reporting units might decline and lead to a goodwill impairment in the future.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
(2) We enter into lease arrangements for the use of offices, operational facilities, vehicles, vessels, storage tanks and other assets for our operations around the world. See Note 15. Leases for additional information. 
(3) As part of our risk management program, we enter into derivative instruments intended to mitigate risks associated with changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rate, and interest rates. Our obligations associated with these derivative instruments fluctuate based on changes in the fair value of the derivatives. See Note 4. Derivative Instruments and Note 12. Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
(4) We have fixed purchase commitments associated with our risk management program, as well as a purchase contract, that runs through 2026, under which we agreed to purchase annually between 1.9 million barrels and 2.0 million barrels of aviation fuel at future market prices. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
An increase in our consolidated marketing revenues due to higher energy commodity sales prices may not result in an increase in gross operating margin or cash available for distribution, since our consolidated cost of sales amounts would also be higher due to comparable increases in the purchase prices of the underlying energy commodities. The same relationship would be true in the case of lower energy commodity sales prices and purchase costs. 
We attempt to mitigate commodity price exposure through our hedging activities and the use of fee-based arrangements. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for information regarding our commodity hedging activities. 
For periods through December 31, 2017, we accounted for our revenue streams using Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 605, Revenue Recognition . Effective January 1, 2018, we adopted FASB ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, using a modified retrospective approach that applied the new revenue recognition standard to existing contracts at the implementation date and any future revenue contracts.
