MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Issuance of exchangeable bonds that were issued at 102 % of their principal amount and are redeemable for cash or existing ordinary shares of JDE Peet's at our option (see Note 7, Equity Method Investments). Bondholders have an option to redeem bonds before maturity subject to exchange periods. We have identified our option to settle in either cash or existing ordinary shares of JDE Peet's as an embedded derivative that is bifurcated and accounted for separately from the bond. See Note 10, Financial Instruments. 
(4) Issuance of green bonds where we have committed to allocate an amount equal to the € 1.97 billion total net proceeds from the offering over time to eligible projects that align with our sustainability priorities in the areas of building a thriving ingredient supply chain and reducing our environmental impact. 
The fair value of our short-term borrowings at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 reflects current market interest rates and approximates the amounts we have recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our long-term debt was determined using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 valuation data) for the publicly traded debt obligations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We measure available cash by reference to distributable cash flow (“DCF”), which is a non-GAAP cash flow measure. DCF is an important financial measure for our common unitholders since it serves as an indicator of our success in providing a cash return on investment. Specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not we are generating cash flows at a level that can sustain our declared quarterly cash distributions. DCF is also a quantitative standard used by the investment community with respect to publicly traded partnerships since the value of a partnership unit is, in part, measured by its yield, which is based on the amount of cash distributions a partnership can pay to a unitholder. Our management compares the DCF we generate to the cash distributions we expect to pay our common unitholders. Using this metric, management computes our distribution coverage ratio. Our calculation of DCF may or may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
Based on the level of available cash each quarter, management proposes a quarterly cash distribution rate to the Board, which has sole authority in approving such matters. Enterprise GP has a non-economic ownership interest in the Partnership and is not entitled to receive any cash distributions from it based on incentive distribution rights or other equity interests.
Our use of DCF for the limited purposes described above and in this report is not a substitute for net cash flows provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable GAAP measure to DCF. For a discussion of net cash flows provided by operating activities, see “ Cash Flow Statement Highlights ” within this Part II, Item 7.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Company’s, except that certain inter-segment transactions that are eliminated for consolidation are not eliminated at the segment level. Inter-segment transactions primarily include advertising and content purchases. The Company does not report assets by segment because this is not used to allocate resources or evaluate segment performance. 
The Company evaluates the operating performance of its segments based on financial measures such as revenues and adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization (“Adjusted OIBDA”). Adjusted OIBDA is defined as operating income excluding: (i) employee share-based compensation, (ii) depreciation and amortization, (iii) restructuring and other charges, (iv) certain impairment charges, (v) gains and losses on business and asset dispositions, (vi) certain inter-segment eliminations related to production studios, (vii) third-party transaction and integration, and (viii) other items impacting comparability. The Company uses this measure to assess the operating results and performance of its segments, perform analytical comparisons, identify strategies to improve performance and allocate resources to each segment. The Company believes Adjusted OIBDA is relevant to investors because it allows them to analyze the operating performance of each segment using the same metric management uses. The Company excludes share-based compensation, restructuring and other charges, certain impairment charges, gains and losses on business and asset dispositions and acquisition and integration costs from the calculation of Adjusted OIBDA due to their impact on comparability between periods. The Company also excludes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets, as these amounts do not represent cash payments in the current reporting period. Certain corporate expenses and inter-segment eliminations related to production studios are excluded from segment results to enable executive management to evaluate segment performance based upon the decisions of segment executives. Adjusted OIBDA should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, operating income, net income and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP.From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to various litigation matters and claims, including claims related to employees, vendors, other business partners or patent issues. However, a determination as to the amount of the accrual required for such contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgment about future events. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty and the impact of the final resolution of these matters on the Company's results of operations in a particular subsequent reporting period is not known, management does not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company's future consolidated financial position, future results of operations or cash flows. 
In the normal course of business, the Company may provide or receive indemnities that are intended to allocate certain risks associated with business transactions. Similarly, the Company may remain contingently liable for certain obligations of a divested business in the event that a third party does not fulfill its obligations under an indemnification obligation. The Company records a liability for its indemnification obligations and other contingent liabilities when probable and estimable. There were no material amounts for indemnifications or other contingencies recorded as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
The Company’s operating segments are determined based on: (i) financial information reviewed by its chief operating decision maker ("CODM"), the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), (ii) internal management and related reporting structure, and (iii) the basis upon which the CEO makes resource allocation decisions.
