ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Margin improvement continued to be a key focus for the Diagnostics business in 2018 and 2017. While operating margins of 24.9 percent of sales in 2018 have remained relatively unchanged from the 24.8 percent of sales reported in 2016, this reflects dilution to the operating margin profit from the 
In Abbott's worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by demographics such as an aging population and an increasing rate of chronic disease in developed markets and the rise of a middle class in many emerging markets, as well as by numerous new product introductions that leveraged Abbott's strong brands. In 2018, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, the nutritional business experienced above-market growth in the worldwide pediatric business driven by market leading brands Similac® and Pedialyte® in the U.S. as well as growth across several markets in Asia. Worldwide, adult nutrition sales increased in 2018 led by the growth of Ensure®, Abbott's market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna®, Abbott's market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand. 
In 2017, the nutritionals business experienced growth in the U.S. driven by above-market performance in Abbott's infant and toddler brands. Internationally, 2017 sales growth in China and India was partially offset by challenging market conditions in the infant formula market in various emerging markets. With respect to the profitability of the nutritional products business, manufacturing and distribution process changes, as well as other cost reductions, drove margin improvements across the business over the last three years although such improvements were offset by inflation on commodity costs. The decrease in operating margins for this business from 24.1 percent of sales in 2016 to 22.9 percent in 2018 was primarily due to negative impact of foreign exchange.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We provide the majority of our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities located in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Japan and other countries. These third-party data center operators provide space, physical security, and continuous power and cooling. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also run our services on cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. The use of cloud computing platform partners provides us flexibility to service customers in new and emerging regions and those with in-country data privacy requirements, as well as to support acquired companies. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services and integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security and the usability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology and low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
The fair values of U.S. and international pension and postretirement benefit plan assets by asset category as of December 31, 2018  are presented below (in millions), as well as the percentage that each category comprises of our total plan assets and the respective target allocations.    
( 1)  Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy but are included in the category totals. 
The fair values of U.S. and international pension and postretirement benefit plan assets by asset category as of December 31, 2017  are presented below (in millions), as well as the percentage that each category comprises of our total plan assets and the respective target allocations.
