ALLSTATE CORP report:
We do not allocate Property-Liability investment income, realized capital gains and losses, or assets to the Allstate Protection and Discontinued Lines and Coverages segments. Management reviews assets at the Property-Liability level for decision-making purposes. 
The table below includes GAAP operating ratios we use to measure our profitability. We believe that they enhance an investor’s understanding of our profitability. They are calculated as follows: 
• Expense ratio : the ratio of amortization of DAC, operating costs and expenses, amortization or impairment of purchased intangibles, restructuring and related charges and Shelter-in-Place Payback expense, less other revenue to premiums earned.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The FCC regulates some of the rates that carriers pay each other for the exchange of voice traffic (particularly traditional wireline traffic) over different networks and other aspects of interconnection for some voice services. The FCC also regulates some of the rates and terms and conditions for certain wireline "business data services" and other services and network facilities. Verizon is both a seller and a buyer of these services, and both makes and receives interconnection payments. The FCC has focused in recent years on whether changes in the rates, terms and conditions for both the exchange of traffic and for business data services may be appropriate. 
We make available, free of charge on our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports at http://www.verizon.com/about/investors as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports and other information are also available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. We periodically provide other information for investors on this website, as well, including news and announcements regarding our financial performance, information on corporate governance and details related to our annual meeting of shareholders. We encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners and other stakeholders to review the information we post on this channel. Website references in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the websites. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report. 
In this report we have made forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or followed by the words "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "hopes" or similar expressions. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested options with a fair value of $ 103 million. Of the total consideration, $ 81 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 22 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
The Company invested $ 14 million in a noncontrolling equity investment in ClickSoftware in July 2015. The Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 39 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in ClickSoftware held before the business combination. The gain is included in gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
In June 2019, Salesforce.org, the independent nonprofit social enterprise that resold the Company's service offerings to non-profit and higher education organizations, was combined with the Company. The Company has included the financial results of Salesforce.org, which are not material to income from operations in fiscal 2020, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The business combination with Salesforce.org in June 2019 contributed approximately $ 228 million total revenues in fiscal 2020. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material.
