COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2022, 2021, and 2020 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 28, 2022, August 29, 2021, and August 30, 2020, respectively. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco. 
• We opened 26 new warehouses, including 3 relocations: 14 net new in the U.S., 2 net new in our Canadian segment, and 7 new in our Other International segment, compared to 22 new warehouses, including 2 relocations in 2021; 
• SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 77 basis points, primarily due to leveraging increased sales and ceasing of incremental wages related to COVID-19, despite additional wage and benefits increases;

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
As described in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s consolidated non-amortizable intangible assets balance was $17.3 billion as of December 31, 2019, and an impairment charge of $57 million was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2019. Annually, management assesses non-amortizable intangible assets, which principally consist of brand names, for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of the non-amortizable intangible assets. If significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, management quantitatively tests the asset for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. Management estimates fair value for each asset using several accepted valuation methods, including relief of royalty, excess earnings and excess margin, that utilize estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Long-lived assets on a geographic basis primarily include property and equipment. It excludes goodwill, intangible assets, deferred tax assets, and financial instruments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, long-lived assets totaled $ 14.2 billion and $ 13.1 billion, respectively, and in the United States such assets totaled $ 7.7 billion and $ 6.8 billion, respectively. Long-lived asset balances associated with other countries were not material on an individual country basis in either of the two years. 
On February 8, 2023, Abbott entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSI). CSI sells an atherectomy system used in treating peripheral and coronary artery disease. The acquisition, which is expected to add complementary technologies to Abbott’s portfolio of vascular device offerings, is subject to the approval of CSI shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including applicable regulatory approvals. Under the terms of the agreement, Abbott will pay $ 20 per common share at a total expected equity value of approximately $ 890 million. The acquisition is expected to be funded with cash on hand. 
The management of Abbott Laboratories is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Abbott’s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company’s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.
