ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Regulation of Interstate Natural Gas Pipelines.   The FERC has broad regulatory authority over the business and operations of interstate natural gas pipelines. Under the NGA, the FERC generally regulates the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce. For FERC regulatory purposes, “transportation” includes natural gas pipeline transmission (forwardhauls and backhauls), storage and other services. FGT, Transwestern, Panhandle, Trunkline, ETC Tiger, Fayetteville Express, Rover, Sea Robin, Midcontinent Express, Enable Gas Transmission, LLC, Enable Mississippi River Transmission, LLC, Southeast Supply Header, Stingray, Southwest Gas, and ETC Texas transport natural gas in interstate commerce and thus each qualifies as a “natural-gas company” under the NGA subject to the FERC’s regulatory jurisdiction. We also hold certain natural gas storage facilities that are subject to the FERC’s regulatory oversight under the NGA. 
Under the NGA, interstate natural gas companies must charge rates that are just and reasonable. In addition, the NGA prohibits natural gas companies from unduly preferring or unreasonably discriminating against any person with respect to pipeline rates or terms and conditions of service. 
The maximum rates to be charged by NGA-jurisdictional natural gas companies and their terms and conditions for service are required to be on file with the FERC. Most natural gas companies are authorized to offer discounts from their FERC-approved maximum just and reasonable rates when competition warrants such discounts. Natural gas companies are also generally permitted to offer negotiated rates different from rates established in their tariff if, among other requirements, such companies’ tariffs offer a cost-based recourse rate to a prospective shipper as an alternative to the negotiated rate. Natural gas companies must make offers of rate discounts and negotiated rates on a basis that is not unduly discriminatory. Existing tariff rates may be challenged by complaint or on the FERC’s own motion, and if found unjust and unreasonable, may be altered on a prospective basis from no earlier than the date of the complaint or initiation of a proceeding by the FERC. The FERC must also approve all rate changes. We cannot guarantee that the FERC will allow us to charge rates that fully recover our costs or continue to pursue its approach of pro-competitive policies.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The value we assign to customer relationships is amortized to earnings using methods that closely resemble the pattern in which the estimated economic benefits will be consumed (i.e., the manner in which the intangible asset is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows). For example, the amortization period for a basin-specific customer relationship asset is limited by the estimated finite economic life of the associated hydrocarbon resource basin.
Contract-based intangible assets represent specific commercial rights we own arising from discrete contractual agreements. A contract-based intangible asset with a finite life is amortized over its estimated economic life, which is the period over which the contract is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows. Our estimates of the economic life of contract-based intangible assets are based on a number of factors, including (i) the expected useful life of the related tangible assets (e.g., a marine terminal, pipeline or other asset), (ii) any legal or regulatory developments that would impact such contractual rights and (iii) any contractual provisions that enable us to renew or extend such arrangements.
If our assumptions regarding the estimated economic life of an intangible asset were to change, then the amortization period for such asset would be adjusted accordingly. Changes in the estimated useful life of an intangible asset would impact operating costs and expenses prospectively from the date of change.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Following a qualitative assessment indicating that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying amount, impairment of other intangible assets not subject to amortization involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Determining fair value requires the exercise of judgment about appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. (See Note 8.) 
Long-lived assets such as amortizing trademarks, customer lists, other intangible assets, and property and equipment are not required to be tested for impairment annually. Instead, long-lived assets are tested for impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, such as when the disposal of such assets is likely or there is an adverse change in the market involving the business employing the related assets. If an impairment analysis is required, the impairment test employed is based on whether the Company’s intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to hold the asset for sale. If the intent is to hold the asset for continued use, the impairment test first requires a comparison of undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, the asset would not be deemed to be recoverable. Impairment would then be measured as the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its fair value. Fair value is typically determined by discounting the future cash flows associated with that asset. If the intent is to hold the asset for sale and certain other criteria are met, the impairment test involves comparing the asset’s carrying value to its fair value less costs to sell. To the extent the carrying value is greater than the asset’s fair value less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the difference. Significant judgments used for long-lived asset impairment assessments include identifying the appropriate asset groupings and primary assets within those groupings, determining whether events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, determining the future cash flows for the assets involved and assumptions applied in determining fair value, which include reasonable discount rates, growth rates, market risk premiums and other assumptions about the economic environment. 
Equity method investments are reviewed for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis. Equity method investments are written down to fair value if there is evidence of a loss in value that is other-than-temporary. The Company may estimate the fair value of its equity method investments by considering recent investee equity transactions, discounted cash flow analysis, recent operating results, comparable public company operating cash flow multiples and in certain situations, balance sheet liquidation values. If the fair value of the investment has dropped below the carrying amount, management considers several factors when determining whether an other-than-temporary decline has occurred, such as: the length of the time and the extent to which the estimated fair value or market value has been below the carrying value, the financial condition and the near-term prospects of the investee, the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the investee for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and general market conditions. The estimation of fair value and whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred requires the application of significant judgment and future results may vary from current assumptions. If declines in the value of the equity method investments are determined to be other-than-temporary, a loss is recorded in earnings in the current period as a component of loss from equity investees, net  on the consolidated statements of operations.
