ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In addition, for certain segments, the sections below include information on the components of segment margin by sales type, which components are included in order to provide additional disaggregated information to facilitate the analysis of segment margin and Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For example, these components include transportation margin, storage margin, and other margin. These components of segment margin are calculated consistent with the calculation of segment margin; therefore, these components also exclude charges for depreciation, depletion and amortization. 
For additional information regarding our business segments, see “Item 1. Business” and Notes 1 and 16 to our consolidated financial statements in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 
Volumes. For the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the prior year, transported volumes increased primarily due to the impact of reflecting RIGS as a consolidated subsidiary beginning April 2018 and the impact of the Red Bluff Express pipeline coming online in May 2018, as well as the impact of favorable market pricing spreads.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in countries including the United States, France, United Kingdom and Germany. In March 2017, the Company received the final notice of proposed adjustments primarily related to transfer pricing issues from the IRS. The Company is currently appealing the IRS proposed adjustments. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed in the Company's tax audits are resolved in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. 
The Company has operations and taxable presence in multiple jurisdictions in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions around the world. The Company currently considers U.S. federal and state, Canada, Japan, Australia, Germany, France and the United Kingdom to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal and state tax returns since February 1999, which was the inception of the Company, remain open to examination. With some exceptions, tax years prior to fiscal 2016 in jurisdictions outside of U.S. are generally closed. However, in Japan and United Kingdom, the Company is no longer subject to examinations for years prior to fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2017, respectively. 
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that a decrease of unrecognized tax benefits up to approximately $3 million  may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• We also have access to short-term and long-term financing markets and actively utilized these markets in 2020 and 2021. We continue to utilize the commercial paper markets in the United States and Europe for flexible, low-cost, short-term financing. We have issued additional long-term debt several times since the beginning of 2020 due to favorable market conditions and opportunities to shift a portion of our funding mix from short-term debt to long-term debt at a low cost. We renewed one of our credit facilities in early 2021 and now have $7.0 billion of undrawn credit facilities as well as other forms of short-term and long-term financing options available. As of December 31, 2021, we were, and we expect to continue to be, in compliance with our debt covenants (refer to the Liquidity and Capital Resources section and Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements ). 
• We continue to evaluate the realizability of our assets and indicators of potential impairment. We reviewed our receivables, inventory, right-of-use lease assets, long-lived assets, equity method and other long-term investments, deferred tax assets, goodwill and intangible assets. 
• During the third quarter of 2021, we completed our annual impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets and noted no impairments. Over the course of the ongoing pandemic, we have identified declines in demand for certain of our brands, primarily in the gum category, that prompted additional evaluation of our indefinite-life intangible assets. During the second quarter of 2021, we concluded that one biscuit brand was impaired and we recorded a $32 million impairment charge. During 2020, we concluded that eight brands were impaired and we recorded $144 million of impairment charges. While we did not identify impairment triggers for other brands, there continues to be significant uncertainty due to the pandemic. If brand earnings expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then a brand or brands could become impaired in the future. Refer to Note 6, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for additional details on our intangible asset impairment evaluation.
