BOEING CO report:
full rate production aircraft. If all options under the contract are exercised, we expect to deliver 179 aircraft for a total expected contract value of approximately $30 billion. In January 2019, we delivered the first KC-46A Tanker to the USAF . 
During 2016, we recorded reach-forward losses of $1,127 million related to the EMD contract and LRIP aircraft. During 2017, we recorded reach-forward losses of $445 million related to this program, primarily reflecting higher estimated costs associated with certification and incorporating changes into LRIP aircraft. During 2018, we recorded additional reach-forward losses of $736 million primarily reflecting higher estimated costs associated with certification, flight testing and change incorporation on aircraft, as well as higher than expected effort to meet customer requirements in order to support delivery of the initial aircraft. As with any development program, this program remains subject to additional reach-forward losses and/or delivery delays if we experience further production, technical or quality issues, and delays in flight testing, certification and/or delivery. 
Export-Import Bank of the United States Many of our non-U.S. customers finance purchases through the Export-Import Bank of the United States. Following the expiration of the bank’s charter on June 30, 2015, the bank’s charter was reauthorized in December 2015. The bank is now authorized through September 30, 2019. However, until the U.S. Senate confirms members sufficient to reconstitute a quorum of the bank’s board of directors, the bank will not be able to approve any transaction totaling more than $10 million. As a result, we may fund additional commitments and/or enter into new financing arrangements with customers. Certain of our non-U.S. customers also may seek to delay purchases if they cannot obtain financing at reasonable costs, and there may be further impacts with respect to future sales campaigns involving non-U.S. customers. We continue to work with our customers to mitigate risks associated with the lack of a quorum of the bank’s board of directors and assist with alternative third party financing sources.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Distribution and Logistics —We have developed an extensive global logistics network to transport our products, including trucks, railcars, river barges and ocean freight vessels. Typically, we either lease the transportation assets or contract with third parties for these services. To better serve our customer base and develop our global distribution and logistics capabilities, we own or operate either directly or through joint venture arrangements, various port terminal facilities, including in Brazil, Argentina, the United States, Canada, Latvia, Ukraine, Poland, Vietnam and Australia. 
Financial Services and Activities —We also offer various financial services, principally trade structured finance and financial risk management services, to customers and other third parties. Our trade structured finance operations primarily leverage our international trade flows to generate trade finance derived liquidity in emerging markets for third parties. Our financial risk management services include structuring and marketing risk management products to enable agricultural producers and end users of commodities to manage commodity price risk exposures. We also engage in foreign exchange and other financial instrument trading via our financial services business. Additionally, we provide financing services to farmers, primarily in Brazil, from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities. Our farmer financing activities are an integral part of our grain and oilseed origination activities as they help assure the annual supply of raw materials for our Brazilian agribusiness operations. 
Biodiesel —We own and operate conventional biodiesel facilities in Europe and Brazil and have equity method investments in conventional biodiesel producers in Europe and Argentina. This business is complementary to our core Agribusiness operations as in each case we supply some of the raw materials (refined or partially refined vegetable oil) used in their production processes.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Any borrowings under the Bridge Facility will bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.875% or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 0.50% to 1.125%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit ratings from time to time and subject to increases of 0.25% on each of the 90th, 180th and 270th day following the initial funding of the Bridge Facility. As of January 31, 2021, there was no outstanding borrowing amounts under the Bridge Facility. 
Any borrowings under our Acquisition Term Loan bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.125% or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 0.50% to 1.125%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit ratings from time to time. Our Acquisition Term Loan allows for the LIBOR rate to be phased out and replaced with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and therefore we do not anticipate a material impact by the expected upcoming LIBOR transition. As of January 31, 2021, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Acquisition Term Loan. 
The borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.125% or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 0.50% to 1.125%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit rating. Our Credit Facility allows for the LIBOR rate to be phased out and replaced with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and therefore we do not anticipate a material impact by the expected upcoming LIBOR transition. We are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment fee on undrawn amounts. As of January 31, 2021, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Credit Facility.
