SALESFORCE INC report:
Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations reflects the fair value of future billings of amounts that are contractually committed by acquired companies' existing customers as of the acquisition date. Customer contract assets are amortized over the corresponding contract terms. Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020 were $ 93 million, including $ 56 million resulting from the Tableau acquisition in August 2019, and $ 121 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2019, respectively, and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill amounts are not amortized, but rather tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter. 
The total estimated fair value of the Company's 2023 and 2028 Senior Notes at January 31, 2020 was $ 2.7 billion. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per $ 100 of the 2023 and 2028 Senior Notes as of the last day of trading for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 and is deemed a Level 2 liability within the fair value measurement framework.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2019 , the Company had outstanding $ 500 million of Series A 6.500 % Fixed-to-Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures (“Debentures”). The scheduled maturity date for the Debentures is May 15, 2057 with a final maturity date of May 15, 2067. The Debentures may be redeemed (i) in whole or in part, at any time on or after May 15, 2037 at the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption, or (ii) in certain circumstances, in whole or in part, prior to May 15, 2037 at the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption or, if greater, a make-whole price. 
Interest on the Debentures is payable semi-annually at the stated fixed annual rate to May 15, 2037, and then payable quarterly at an annual rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 2.120 % . The Company may elect at one or more times to defer payment of interest on the Debentures for one or more consecutive interest periods that do not exceed 10 years. Interest compounds during such deferral periods at the rate in effect for each period. The interest deferral feature obligates the Company in certain circumstances to issue common stock or certain other types of securities if it cannot otherwise raise sufficient funds to make the required interest payments. The Company has reserved 75 million shares of its authorized and unissued common stock to satisfy this obligation. 
The continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021 and LIBOR may be discontinued or modified by 2021. The Subordinated Debentures allow for the use of an alternative benchmark if LIBOR is no longer available.

BOEING CO report:
Our 2003 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended and restated, permits awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or units, performance shares, performance restricted stock or units, performance units and other stock and cash-based awards to our employees, officers, directors, consultants, and independent contractors. The aggregate number of shares of our stock authorized for issuance under the plan is 87,000,000 . 
Shares issued as a result of stock option exercises or conversion of stock unit awards will be funded out of treasury shares, except to the extent there are insufficient treasury shares, in which case new shares will be issued. We believe we currently have adequate treasury shares to satisfy these issuances during 2022. 
Share-based plans expense is primarily included in Total costs and expenses and General and administrative expense, as well as a portion allocated to production as inventoried costs. The share-based plans expense and related income tax benefit were as follows:
