BOEING CO report:
A portion of service cost is recognized in Earnings from operations in the period incurred and the remainder is included in inventory at the end of the reporting period and recorded in Earnings from operations in subsequent periods. 
The pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in earnings in 2018, 2017, and 2016 were largely consistent across all periods. The decrease in net periodic benefit costs included in Earnings from operations in 2017 was primarily due to lower service costs reflecting the transition of employees in 2016 to defined contribution retirement savings plans. 
Other income/(loss), net decreased by $31 million in 2018 primarily due to lower gains from foreign exchange, partially offset by higher interest income. Other income/(loss), net increased by $561 million in 2017 primarily due to a decrease in non-operating pension and postretirement costs and higher gains from foreign exchange. The non-operating pension expense included in Other income/(loss), net was a benefit of $143 million in 2018 and $117 million in 2017 , compared with an expense of $327 million in 2016 . The benefits in 2018 and 2017 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses. The expense in 2016 reflects the amortization of non-service costs previously capitalized as inventory in prior years, primarily interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses in excess of expected returns.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
exists. We continue to manage our   exposure and seek appropriate returns for the risks we write. For example, despite writing a limited number of homeowner risks in select geographies in California over the last three years, our overall homeowner exposures in California have declined approximately 50% since 2007. 
To manage the exposure, this may require further actions, similar to those already taken, in geographies where we are not achieving appropriate returns. However, we may maintain or opportunistically increase our presence in areas where adequate risk adjusted returns can be achieved. 
Deferred acquisition costs We establish a DAC asset for costs that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance policies, principally agency remuneration and premium taxes. DAC is amortized to income over the period in which premiums are earned.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Overview —We are a leading, integrated producer of sugar and ethanol in Brazil. We own and operate eight sugarcane mills in Brazil, the world's largest producer and exporter of sugar. As of December 31, 2018, our mills had a total crushing capacity of approximately 22 million metric tons per year. Sugarcane, which is the raw material that we use to produce sugar and ethanol, is supplied by a combination of our own plantations and third-party farmers. Additionally, through cogeneration facilities at our sugarcane mills, we produce electricity from the burning of sugarcane bagasse (the fibrous portion of the sugarcane that remains after the extraction of sugarcane juice) in boilers, which enables our mills to meet their energy requirements. Any surplus electricity is sold to the local grid or other large third-party users of electricity. 
In 2018, we exited our international sugar trading operations and renewable oils joint venture in Brazil and continue to explore alternatives to reduce our exposure to the Brazilian sugarcane milling business, such as an initial public offering, sale, joint venture or other alternatives. The nature and timing of any potential outcome or transaction is uncertain and cannot be predicted. Over the past several years we have also focused on improving the efficiency and lowering the operating costs of this business. 
Raw Materials —Sugarcane is our principal raw material in this segment and we both produce it and procure it through third-party supply contracts. The annual harvesting cycle in Brazil typically begins in late March/early April and ends in late November/early December. Once planted, sugarcane is harvested for five to seven years on average, but the yield decreases with each harvest over the life cycle of the cane. As a result, after this period, old sugarcane plants are typically removed, and the area is replanted. The quality and yield of the harvested cane are also affected by factors such as soil quality, moisture topography, weather and agricultural practices.
