VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Under the qualitative assessment, we consider several factors, including the business enterprise value of the reporting unit from the last quantitative test and the excess of fair value over carrying value from this test, macroeconomic conditions (including changes in interest rates and discount rates), industry and market considerations (including industry revenue and Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) margin results, projections and recent merger and acquisition activity), the recent and projected financial performance of the reporting unit, as well as other factors. 
The quantitative impairment test for goodwill is performed at the reporting unit level and compares the fair value of the reporting unit (calculated using a combination of a market approach and a discounted cash flow method, as a form of the income 
approach) to its carrying value. Estimated fair values of reporting units are Level 3 measures in the fair value hierarchy, see "Fair Value Measurements" discussion below for additional information. The market approach includes the use of comparative multiples of guideline companies to complement discounted cash flow results. The discounted cash flow method is based on the present value of two components, projected cash flows and a terminal value. The terminal value represents the expected normalized future cash flows of the reporting unit beyond the cash flows from the discrete projection period. The fair value of the reporting unit is calculated based on the sum of the present value of the cash flows from the discrete period and the present value of the terminal value. The discount rate represents our estimate of the weighted-average cost of capital, or expected return, that a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is booked for the excess carrying value over fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill of that reporting unit. During the fourth quarter each year, we update our five-year strategic planning review for each of our reporting units. Those plans consider current economic conditions and trends, estimated future operating results, our view of growth-rates and anticipated future economic and regulatory conditions.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding $ 500 million of Series A 6.500 % Fixed-to-Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures (“Debentures”). The scheduled maturity date for the Debentures is May 15, 2057 with a final maturity date of May 15, 2067. The Debentures may be redeemed (i) in whole or in part, at any time on or after May 15, 2037 at the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption, or (ii) in certain circumstances, in whole or in part, prior to May 15, 2037 
Interest on the Debentures is payable semi-annually at the stated fixed annual rate to May 15, 2037, and then payable quarterly at an annual rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 2.120 %. The Company may elect at one or more times to defer payment of interest on the Debentures for one or more consecutive interest periods that do not exceed 10 years. Interest compounds during such deferral periods at the rate in effect for each period. The interest deferral feature obligates the Company in certain circumstances to issue common stock or certain other types of securities if it cannot otherwise raise sufficient funds to make the required interest payments. The Company has reserved 75 million shares of its authorized and unissued common stock to satisfy this obligation. 
The terms of the Company’s outstanding subordinated debentures prohibit the Company from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on common or preferred stock or redeeming, purchasing, acquiring, or making liquidation payments on common stock or preferred stock if the Company has elected to defer interest payments on the subordinated debentures, subject to certain limited exceptions.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In addition to mergers and acquisitions, we invest in early-stage companies to more mature companies both domestically and internationally to support our business initiatives and enhance our partner ecosystem. As the enterprise cloud computing ecosystem continues to mature and technologies change, our investment strategy and corresponding investment opportunities have expanded to include investments in companies concurrently with their initial public offerings, as well as larger capital investments in late stage companies and investments in emerging markets. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments, including in companies representing targeted geographies and targeted business and technological initiatives, as opportunities arise that we find attractive. 
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application 
instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.
