SALESFORCE INC report:
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our on-going assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features. 
We have an investment portfolio that includes strategic investments in public and privately held companies, which range from early-stage companies to more mature companies with established revenue streams and business models. As of January 31, 2019 , our portfolio, which consists of investments in over 235  privately held companies and six  public companies, is primarily comprised of independent software vendors and system integrators. Our investments in these companies range from $0.1 million  to approximately $105 million , with 21  investments individually equal to or in excess of approximately $10 million as of January 31, 2019 . 
We invest in early-to-late stage enterprise cloud companies for strategic reasons and to support key business initiatives to grow our ecosystem of partners and accelerate the adoption of cloud technologies. We invest in both domestic and international companies and currently hold investments in all of our regions: the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific. We plan to continue to invest in these types of strategic investments, including in companies representing targeted geographies and targeted business and technological initiatives, as opportunities arise that we find attractive.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The U.S. foodservice distribution industry serves different customer types of varying sizes, growth profiles, and product and service requirements, including independent restaurants, healthcare customers (such as hospital systems, nursing homes and long-term care facilities), hospitality customers (ranging from large hotel chains to local banquet halls, country clubs, casinos and entertainment complexes), regional and national restaurant chains, colleges and universities, K-12 schools, and retail locations. Our target customer types — independent restaurants, healthcare and hospitality — value foodservice distributors with a broad product offering and value-added services that help them be efficient and effective in running their operations. As described in more detail below, our GREAT FOOD. MADE EASY . strategy resonates with these types of customers, and for this reason, we believe our growth prospects with these customers are greater than with other customer types. 
We have entered into contractual relationships with certain group purchasing organizations (“GPOs”) that negotiate pricing, delivery and other terms on behalf of their members. In fiscal year 2020, GPO members accounted for approximately 21% of our net sales. GPO members are primarily comprised of customers in the healthcare, hospitality, education, and government/military industries. 
In March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, as a pandemic amidst a rising number of confirmed cases and thousands of deaths worldwide. In addition to the factors surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic as further discussed in Item 7 of Part II, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, there are several important dynamics affecting the industry, including:

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Debt — Principal payments required on long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 are $2.3 billion in 2023, $1.1 billion in 2024, $1.5 billion in 2025, $2.9 billion in 2026, $0.6 billion in 2027 and $8.7 billion in 2028 and thereafter. Interest payments required on long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 are $567 million in 2023, $525 million in 2024, $493 million in 2025, $462 million in 2026, $391 million in 2027 and $5.4 billion in 2028 and thereafter. 
In addition, Abbott enters into purchase commitments in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital expenditure requirements. The majority of outstanding purchase commitments generally do not extend past one year. 
Abbott’s primary markets are highly competitive and subject to substantial government regulations throughout the world. Abbott expects debate to continue over the availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services. It is not possible to predict the extent to which Abbott or the health care industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. A more complete discussion of these factors is contained in Item 1, Business, and Item 1A, Risk Factors.
