WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. The Company has deposits held with banks that exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions of reputable credit and, therefore, bear minimal credit risk. Additionally, the Company has cash and cash equivalents held by its foreign subsidiaries. Under the TCJA, the Company was subjected to U.S. taxes for the deemed repatriation of certain cash balances held by foreign corporations. The Company continues to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the U.S., and current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our U.S. operations. 
There is a risk that the counterparties associated with the Company’s revolving credit facility will not be available to fund as obligated under the terms of the facility and that the Company may, at the time of such unavailability to fund, have limited or no access to the commercial paper market. If funding under the revolving credit facility is unavailable, the Company may have to acquire a replacement credit facility from different counterparties at a higher cost or may be unable to find a suitable replacement. Typically, the Company seeks to manage such risks from its revolving credit facility by contracting with experienced large financial institutions and monitoring the credit quality of its lenders. As of December 31, 2018 , the Company did not anticipate nonperformance by any of its counterparties. 
The Company is exposed to the risk that the counterparties to outstanding derivative financial instruments will default on their obligations. The Company manages these credit risks through the evaluation and monitoring of the creditworthiness of, and concentration of risk with, the respective counterparties. In this regard, credit risk associated with outstanding derivative financial instruments is spread across a relatively broad counterparty base of banks and financial institutions. In connection with the Company's hedge of certain investments classified as available-for-sale securities, the Company has pledged shares as collateral to the derivative counterparty. (See Note 5.) The Company also has a limited number of arrangements where collateral is required to be posted in the instance that certain fair value thresholds are exceeded. As of December 31, 2018 , no  collateral has been posted by either party under these arrangements. As of December 31, 2018 , our exposure to counterparty credit risk included derivative assets with an aggregate fair value of $107 million . (See Note 10.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Texas City System consists of a marine terminal and storage tanks, various pipelines and related infrastructure used to transport crude oil to refineries in the Texas City, Texas area and to and from terminals in the Galena Park, Texas area, our ECHO terminal and locations along the Houston Ship Channel. The Texas City System also receives production from certain offshore Gulf of Mexico developments. The intrastate pipeline transportation capacity of the Freeport System and Texas City System is approximately 480 MBPD and 800 MBPD, respectively.
Seaway’s Texas City marine terminal features two docks, a 45-foot draft, an overall length of 1,125 feet, a 200-foot beam (width) and the capacity to load crude oil at a rate of 35,000 barrels per hour. We have used Seaway’s Texas City terminal to partially load Very Large Crude Carrier (“VLCC”) tankers, with the remaining volumes subsequently loaded on such vessels using lightering operations in the Gulf of Mexico.
 • The West Texas System connects crude oil gathering systems in West Texas and southeast New Mexico to our terminal facility located in Midland, Texas. The West Texas System, including the Loving County pipeline, is a key part of our strategic crude oil aggregation program designed to support Permian Basin producers. The Loving County pipeline can currently transport 200 MBPD of crude oil and condensate from various points in New Mexico and West Texas to our Midland crude oil terminal; however, we expect to complete an expansion project by March 2020 that will increase its transportation capacity up to 350 MBPD. At Midland, shippers will have access to storage and terminal services, as well as connectivity to multiple transportation alternatives such as trucking and pipeline infrastructure that offer access to various downstream markets, including the Gulf Coast.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
In 2020 and 2021, while the COVID-19 pandemic significantly affected economies, marketplaces, communities and businesses around the world, including ours, we prioritized our employees, customers and communities and largely continued to execute against our strategic priorities. In this way, we positioned ourselves to emerge stronger. Please refer to our COVID-19 discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information. 
We sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries, including 131 manufacturing and processing facilities across 45 countries. The portion of our net revenues generated outside the United States was 75.1% in 2021, 73.2% in 2020 and 74.4% in 2019. For more information on our U.S. and non-U.S. operations, refer to Note 18, Segment Reporting; on our manufacturing and other facilities, refer to Item 2, Properties ; and risks related to our operations outside the United States, see Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
• Our emerging markets include our Latin America region in its entirety; the Asia, Middle East and Africa (“AMEA”) region, excluding Australia, New Zealand and Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia, Ukraine, Türkiye, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries.
