SALESFORCE INC report:
We derive our revenues from two sources: subscription and support revenues and professional services and other revenues. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 93 percent of our total revenues for fiscal 2023. 
Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, "Cloud Services"), software license revenues from the sales of term and perpetual licenses, and support revenues from the sale of support and updates beyond the basic subscription fees or related to the sales of software licenses. Our Cloud Services allow customers to use our multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term and perpetual software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from software licenses are generally recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Revenue from support and updates is recognized as such support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. Changes in contract duration for multi-year licenses can impact the amount of revenues recognized upfront. Revenues from software licenses represent less than ten percent of total subscription and support revenue for fiscal 2023. 
The revenue growth rates of each of our service offerings, as described below in “Results of Operations,” fluctuate from quarter to quarter and over time. Additionally, we manage the total balanced product portfolio to deliver solutions to our customers and, as a result, the revenue result for each offering is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter. In addition, some of our Cloud Service offerings have similar features and functions. For example, customers may use our Sales, Service or Platform service offerings to record account and contact information, which are similar features across these service offerings. Depending on a customer’s actual and projected business requirements, more than one service offering may satisfy the customer’s current and future needs. We record revenue based on the individual products ordered by a customer, not according to the customer’s business requirements and usage.

BOEING CO report:
Our 2003 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended and restated, permits awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or units, performance shares, performance restricted stock or units, performance units and other stock and cash-based awards to our employees, officers, directors, consultants, and independent contractors. The aggregate number of shares of our stock authorized for issuance under the plan is 87,000,000 . 
Shares issued as a result of stock option exercises or conversion of stock unit awards will be funded out of treasury shares, except to the extent there are insufficient treasury shares, in which case new shares will be issued. We believe we currently have adequate treasury shares to satisfy these issuances during 2022. 
Share-based plans expense is primarily included in Total costs and expenses and General and administrative expense, as well as a portion allocated to production as inventoried costs. The share-based plans expense and related income tax benefit were as follows:

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• The FHCF contracts provide approximately $ 118 million of limits for qualifying losses to personal lines property in Florida caused by storms the National Hurricane Center declares to be hurricanes. 
• The ILS placement provides $ 200 million of reinsurance limits for qualifying losses to personal lines property in Florida caused by a named storm event, a severe weather event, an earthquake event, a fire event, a volcanic eruption event, or a meteorite impact event. 
The Company has not experienced credit losses on its catastrophe reinsurance programs. The total cost of the property catastrophe reinsurance program was $ 425 million, $ 386 million and $ 343 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
