BOEING CO report:
On July 5, 2018, we and Embraer S.A. (Embraer) announced the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding to establish a strategic partnership between the two companies. On December 17, 2018, the terms of the strategic partnership were agreed by both companies. The agreed terms define the joint venture comprising the commercial aircraft and services operations of Embraer, in which Boeing will acquire an 80 percent ownership stake for $ 4.2 billion . The companies have also agreed to the terms of another joint venture to promote and develop new markets for the multi-mission medium airlift KC-390, in which Boeing will hold a 49 percent ownership stake. On January 10, 2019, the Government of Brazil reviewed the terms of the strategic partnership and advised it would not exercise its Golden Share veto power, allowing the transaction to move forward. On January 11, 2019, the Embraer Board of Directors ratified its prior approval of the strategic partnership and authorized execution of the definitive transaction documents. On January 24, 2019, the definitive transaction documents were executed. The transaction remains subject to Embraer shareholder and regulatory approvals, as well as other customary closing conditions. Assuming approvals are received in a timely manner, the transaction is intended to close by 
Amortization expense for acquired finite-lived intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 was $ 272 and $ 240 . Estimated amortization expense for the five succeeding years is as follows: 
Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed using the two-class method, which is an earnings allocation method that determines earnings per share for common shares and participating securities. The undistributed earnings are allocated between common shares and participating securities as if all earnings had been distributed during the period. Participating securities and common shares have equal rights to undistributed earnings.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Corporate bonds , including publicly traded and privately placed, totaled $40.14 billion  as of December 31, 2018 , with 88.2%  rated investment grade and an unrealized net capital loss  of $400 million . Privately placed securities primarily consist of corporate issued senior debt securities that are directly negotiated with the borrower or are in unregistered form. 
Our $10.87 billion  portfolio of privately placed securities is diversified by issuer, industry sector and country. The portfolio is made up of 448 issuers. Privately placed corporate obligations may contain structural security features such as financial covenants and call protections that provide investors greater protection against credit deterioration, reinvestment risk or fluctuations in interest rates than those typically found in publicly registered debt securities. Additionally, investments in these securities are made 
after due diligence of the issuer, typically including discussions with senior management and on-site visits to company facilities. Ongoing monitoring includes direct periodic dialog with senior management of the issuer and continuous monitoring of operating performance and financial position. Every issue not rated by an independent rating agency is internally rated with a formal rating affirmation at least once a year.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from warehouse operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $9,444  and $7,259  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively. Of these balances, unsettled credit and debit card receivables represented approximately $1,434  and $1,348  at the end of 2019 and 2018, respectively. These receivables generally settle within four days. Cash and cash equivalents were negatively impacted by a change in exchange rates of $15  and $37  in 2019  and 2018 , respectively, and positively impacted by $25 in 2017. 
Management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements. We no longer consider earnings after 2017 of our non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. 
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $6,356  in 2019 , compared to $5,774  in 2018 . Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. Cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. Cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. Changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by several factors, including how fast inventory is sold, payment terms with our suppliers, and the amount of payables paid early to obtain discounts from our suppliers.
