ALLSTATE CORP report:
comprehensive review and interpretation of MCCA actuarial reports, other MCCA members’ reports and our personal injury protection loss trends which have increased in severity over time. A significant portion of incurred claim reserves can be attributed to a small number of catastrophic claims and thus a large portion of the recoverable is similarly concentrated. We conduct comprehensive claim file reviews to develop case reserve type estimates of specific claims, which inform our view of future claim development and longevity of claimants. Each year, we update the actuarial estimate of our ultimate reserves and recoverables. We report our paid and unpaid claims based on MCCA requirements. The MCCA develops its own reserving estimates based on its own reserve methodologies, which may not align with our estimations. The MCCA does not provide member companies with its estimate of a company’s claim costs. We continue to update each comprehensive claim file case reserve estimate when there is a significant change in the status of the claimant, or once every three years if there have been no significant changes. 
We provide similar personal injury protection coverage in New Jersey for auto policies issued or renewed in New Jersey prior to 1991 that is administered by PLIGA. We use similar actuarial estimating techniques as for the MCCA exposures to estimate loss reserves for unlimited personal injury protection coverage for policies covered by PLIGA. We continue to update our estimates for these claims as the status of claimant’s changes. However, unlimited coverage was no longer offered after 1991; therefore, no new claimants are being added. 
Reserve estimates are confidential and proprietary and by their nature are very complex to determine and subject to significant judgments. Reserve estimates do not represent an exact determination for each outstanding claim. Claims may be subject to litigation. As actual claims, paid losses and case reserve results emerge, our estimate of the ultimate cost to settle may be materially greater or less than previously estimated amounts.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our commercial paper program is supported by committed back-up bank credit lines (the ‘‘Liquidity Facility’’) equal to the amount of the commercial paper program provided by lending institutions that are required to be rated at least A-1 by Standard & Poor’s and P-1 by Moody’s Investor Services. The cost of borrowing under the Liquidity Facility would typically be higher than the cost of issuance under our commercial paper program. At December 31, 2019, no borrowings were outstanding under the commercial paper program and no borrowings were outstanding under the Liquidity Facility. The Liquidity Facility is our only revolving credit facility that requires lenders to maintain minimum credit ratings. 
In November 2019, the $700 million, 5-year revolving credit facility, maturing on May 1, 2023 was converted into a term loan and then subsequently transferred to the recently formed joint venture, BP Bunge Bioenergia, on a non-recourse basis. 
In addition to committed credit facilities, from time to time, through our financing subsidiaries, we enter into bilateral short-term credit lines as necessary based on our financing requirements. At December 31, 2019 there were no borrowings outstanding under these bilateral short-term credit lines.

BOEING CO report:
The following assumptions, which are the weighted average for all plans, are used to calculate the benefit obligation at December 31 of each year and the net periodic benefit cost for the subsequent year. 
The discount rate for each plan is determined based on the plans’ expected future benefit payments using a yield curve developed from high quality bonds that are rated as Aa or better by at least half of the four rating agencies utilized as of the measurement date. The yield curve is fitted to yields developed from bonds at various maturity points. Bonds with the ten percent highest and the ten percent lowest yields are omitted. The present value of each plan’s benefits is calculated by applying the discount rates to projected benefit cash flows. 
The pension fund’s expected return on plan assets assumption is derived from a review of actual historical returns achieved by the pension trust and anticipated future long-term performance of individual asset classes. While consideration is given to historical returns, the assumption represents a long-term, prospective return. The expected return on plan assets component of the net periodic benefit cost for the upcoming plan year is determined based on the expected return on plan assets assumption and the market-related value of plan assets (MRVA). Since our adoption of the accounting standard for pensions in 1987, we have determined the MRVA based on a five-year moving average of plan assets. As of December 31, 2022, the MRVA was approximately $ 10,131 more than the fair market value of assets.
