COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Gross assets recorded under capital and build-to-suit leases were $457  and $427  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively. These assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of $106  and $94  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively. 
At the end of 2019 , future minimum payments, net of sub-lease income of $105  for all years combined, under non-cancelable operating leases with terms of at least one year and capital leases were as follows: 
The Company’s current quarterly dividend rate is $0.65  per share. In August 2019, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend in the amount of $0.65  per share, which was paid subsequent to the end of 2019.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations are associated with regulated, permitted emissions of air pollutants. As a result, we are subject to the CAA and comparable state laws and regulations including state air quality implementation plans. These laws and regulations regulate emissions of air pollutants from various industrial sources, including certain of our facilities, and also impose various monitoring and reporting requirements. These laws and regulations may also require that we (i) obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or facilities expected to produce air emissions or result in an increase in existing levels of air emissions, (ii) obtain and strictly comply with the requirements of air permits containing various emission and operational limitations, or (iii) utilize specific emission control technologies to limit emissions.
Increasingly, environmental groups are challenging requests to modify or renew permits and seeking to apply more stringent provisions on applicants. Our failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to monetary penalties, injunctions, conditions or restrictions on operations, including enforcement actions, and our inability to renew or secure a needed modification to an existing permit could adversely affect our operations. We may also be required to incur certain capital expenditures for air pollution control equipment in connection with obtaining and maintaining permits and approvals for air emissions.
The CWA and comparable state laws impose strict controls on the discharge of petroleum and its derivatives into regulated waters. The CWA provides penalties for discharges of petroleum products and imposes substantial potential liability for the costs of removing petroleum or other hazardous substances. State laws for the control of water pollution also provide varying civil and criminal penalties and liabilities in the case of a release of petroleum or its derivatives into navigable waters or groundwater. Federal spill prevention control and countermeasure mandates require appropriate containment berms and similar structures to help prevent a petroleum tank release from impacting regulated waters. The EPA has also adopted regulations that require us to have permits in order to discharge regulated storm water run-off. Storm water discharge permits may also be required by certain states in which we operate and may impose monitoring and other requirements. The CWA prohibits discharges of dredged and fill material in wetlands and other waters of the U.S. unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. We believe that our costs of compliance with these CWA requirements will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For films and television programs predominantly monetized individually, the amount of capitalized film and television production costs (net of incentives) amortized and the amount of participations and residuals to be recognized as expense in a particular period are determined using the individual film forecast method. Under this method, the amortization of capitalized costs and the accrual of participations and residuals are based on the proportion of the film’s or television program’s revenues recognized for such period to the film’s or television program’s estimated remaining ultimate revenues (i.e., the total revenue to be received throughout a film’s or television program’s remaining life cycle). 
The process of estimating ultimate revenues requires us to make a series of judgments related to future revenue-generating activities associated with a particular film. Prior to the theatrical release of a film, the Company’s estimates are based on factors such as the historical performance of similar films, the star power of the lead actors, the rating and genre of the film, pre-release market research (including test market screenings), international distribution plans and the expected number of theaters in which the film will be released. Subsequent to release, ultimate revenues are updated to reflect initial performance, which is often predictive of future performance. For a film or television program that is predominantly monetized on its own but also monetized with other films and/or programs (such as the Company’s DTC or linear services), the Company makes a reasonable estimate of the value attributable to the film or program’s exploitation while monetized with other films/programs and expense such costs as the film or television program is exhibited. For theatrical films, the period over which ultimate revenues from all applicable sources and exhibition windows are estimated does not exceed 10 years from the date of the film’s initial release. For television programs, the ultimate period does not exceed 10 years from delivery of the first episode, or, if still in production, five years from delivery of the most recent episode, if later. For games, the ultimate period does not exceed two years from the date of the game’s initial release. Ultimates for produced content monetized on an individual basis are reviewed and updated (as applicable) on a quarterly basis; any adjustments are applied prospectively as of the beginning of the fiscal year of the change. 
For programs monetized as a group, including licensed programming, the Company’s film groups are generally aligned along the Company’s networks and digital content offerings, except for certain international territories wherein content assets are shared across the various networks in the territory and therefore, the territory is the film group. Program costs, including licensed programming, that are predominantly monetized as a group are amortized based on projected usage, generally resulting in an accelerated or straight-line amortization pattern. Adjustments to projected usage are applied prospectively in the period of the change. Participations and residuals are generally expensed in line with the pattern of usage. Streaming content and premium pay-TV amortization for each period is recognized based on estimated viewing patterns as there are generally little to no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets. As such, number of views is most representative of the use of the title. Licensed rights to film and television programming are typically amortized over the useful life of the program’s license period on a straight-line basis (or per-play basis, if greater, for certain programming on the Company’s ad-supported networks), or accelerated basis for licensed original programs. The Company allocates the cost of multi-year sports programming arrangements over the contract period to each event or season based on its projected advertising revenue and an allocation of affiliate revenue (estimated relative value). If annual contractual payments related to each season approximate each season’s estimated relative value, the Company expenses the related contractual payments during the applicable season. Amortization of sports rights takes place when the content airs.
