ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Neuromodulation – Development of clinical evidence and next-generation technologies leveraging digital health to support improved patient clinical outcomes, physician engagement, and expanded indications in the treatment of chronic pain, movement disorders and other indications. 
• Diabetes Care – Develop enhancements and additional indications for the FreeStyle Libre platform of continuous glucose monitoring products to help patients improve their ability to manage diabetes and for use beyond diabetes. 
Nutritionals — Abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric and adult nutrition areas: gastrointestinal/immunity health, brain health, mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. Numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company maintained a valuation allowance on certain state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards expected to expire unutilized as a result of insufficient forecasted taxable income in the carryforward period or the utilization of which is subject to limitation. 
The calculation of the Company’s tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. The Company (1) records unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes and (2) adjusts these liabilities when the Company’s judgment changes because of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the current estimate of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. The Company recognizes an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. 
The Company estimates it is reasonably possible that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by up to $15 million in the next 12 months as a result of the completion of various tax audits currently in process and the expiration of the statute of limitations in several jurisdictions.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net cash used in financing activities was $2,329 million in 2018 , $3,361 million in 2017 and $1,862 million in 2016 . The decrease in net cash used in financing activities in 2018 relative to 2017 was primarily due to higher net debt issuances and lower share repurchases partially offset by higher dividends paid. The increase in net cash used in financing activities in 2017 relative to 2016 was primarily due to lower net issuances of short-term and long-term debt as well as an increase in dividends paid, partly offset by lower share repurchases compared to 2016. 
From time to time we refinance long-term and short-term debt. Refer to Note 8, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , for details of our recent tender offers, debt issuances and maturities. The nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt and the proportionate amount of each varies as a result of current and expected business requirements, market conditions and other factors. Due to seasonality, in the first and second quarters of the year, our working capital requirements grow, increasing the need for short-term financing. The second half of the year typically generates higher cash flows. As such, we may issue commercial paper or secure other forms of financing throughout the year to meet short-term working capital or other financing needs. 
During 2016, one of our subsidiaries, Mondelez International Holdings Netherlands B.V. (“MIHN”), issued debt totaling $4.5 billion . The operations held by MIHN generated approximately 74.1% (or $19.2 billion ) of the $25.9 billion of consolidated net revenue during fiscal year 2018 and represented approximately 80.5% (or $20.7 billion ) of the $25.7 billion of net assets as of December 31, 2018 .
