ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In December 2019, ET announced a comprehensive commercial tender package which was issued to engineering, procurement and construction contractors to submit final bids for the proposed Lake Charles LNG liquefaction project being developed with Shell US LNG, LLC. The commercial bids are expected to be received in the second quarter of 2020. 
The export of LNG produced by the liquefaction project from the United States would be undertaken under long-term export authorizations issued by the DOE to LCL. In March 2013, LCL obtained a DOE authorization to export LNG to countries with which the United States has or will have Free Trade Agreements (“FTA”) for trade in natural gas (the “FTA Authorization”). In July 2016, LCL also obtained a conditional DOE authorization to export LNG to countries that do not have an FTA for trade in natural gas (the “Non-FTA Authorization”). The FTA Authorization and Non-FTA Authorization have 25- and 20-year terms, respectively. In addition, LCL received its wetlands permits from the United States Army Corps of Engineers (“USACE”) to perform wetlands mitigation work and to perform modification and dredging work for the temporary and permanent dock facilities at the Lake Charles LNG facilities. 
The Southeast Texas System is an integrated system that gathers, compresses, treats, processes, dehydrates and transports natural gas from the Austin Chalk trend and Eagle Ford shale formation. The Southeast Texas System is a large natural gas gathering system covering thirteen counties between Austin and Houston. This system is connected to the Katy Hub through the ETC Katy Pipeline and is also connected to the Oasis Pipeline. The Southeast Texas System includes two natural gas processing plants (La Grange and Alamo) with aggregate capacity of 410 MMcf/d . The La Grange and Alamo processing plants are natural gas processing plants that process the rich gas that flows through our gathering system to produce residue gas and NGLs. Residue gas is delivered into our intrastate pipelines and NGLs are delivered into our NGL pipelines to Lone Star.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. 
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of family, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate and ensure the trust and customer success of our customers. 
We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies (2022 and for the eighth year in a row), Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work (2021 and for the 13th year in a row), Human Rights Campaign Best Places to Work For LGBTQ Equality (2022), and Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work in Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States (2022).

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2021, operating earnings for the Diagnostics segment increased 68.0 percent. The operating margin profile increased from 24.8 percent of sales in 2019 to 40.0 percent in 2021 primarily due to higher sales in Rapid Diagnostics in 2020 and 2021 and increased routine diagnostics testing in 2021 in Core Laboratory Diagnostics.
In Abbott’s worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by numerous new product introductions, including the roll-outs of human milk oligosaccharide, or HMO, in infant formula, that leveraged Abbott’s strong brands. Sales over the last two years were also positively impacted by consumers’ interest in nutrients that help support their immune systems. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total adult nutrition sales increased 12.8 percent in 2021 and 10.3 percent in 2020, led by the continued growth of Ensure ® , Abbott’s market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna ® , Abbott’s market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand, across several countries. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total pediatric nutrition sales increased 3.3 percent in 2021 and 0.3 percent in 2020 driven by the Pedialyte ® , PediaSure ® and Similac ® brands in the U.S. as well as infant and toddler product growth across several international markets, partially offset by challenging market dynamics in the infant category in Greater China. Operating margins for the worldwide nutritional products business decreased from 23.0 percent in 2019 to 21.3 percent in 2021. The decrease was driven by higher manufacturing and distribution costs, including commodity prices, partially offset by the impact of gross margin improvement initiatives.
The Established Pharmaceutical Products segment focuses on the sale of its products in emerging markets. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, Established Pharmaceutical sales increased 10.4 percent in 2021 and 1.9 percent in 2020. The sales increases in 2021 and 2020 reflect higher sales in several geographies including India, China, Brazil and Russia. Operating margins decreased from 20.1 percent of sales in 2019 to 18.8 percent in 2021 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, higher product costs and product mix, partially offset by the impact of gross margin improvement initiatives.
