SALESFORCE INC report:
To test the Company’s judgments and conclusions related to the identification of performance obligations and determination of standalone selling prices, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining an understanding of the Company’s various service offerings and evaluating management’s conclusions regarding which were distinct. We read a sample of executed contracts to assess management’s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance obligations, and the related standalone selling price. We evaluated the information utilized to determine standalone selling price and we tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company’s calculations. 
Impairment of Strategic Investments Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company holds investments in privately held equity securities, which are assessed for impairment at least quarterly. The Company’s impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the investee's financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee's product or technology and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining if an investment is impaired based on the information available about the investee. 
Auditing the Company’s accounting for impairment of privately held equity securities required significant judgment to evaluate management’s assessment of impairment indicators to evaluate whether investments are impaired considering the current economic environment.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Processing, a decrease of $303 million was due to higher Cost of goods sold in excess of higher Net sales, primarily driven by higher industrial input costs, in particular energy, due to inflationary pressures, unfavorable mark-to-market results, and certain non-recurring charges, as described above. 
• In Merchandising, an increase of $90 million was due to higher Net sales in excess of higher Cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong execution and higher prices in our ocean freight business as well as more favorable mark-to-market results. 
Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses increased $100 million, or 23%, to $532 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $432 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increased compensation costs and increased bad debt expense in the current period.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Additionally, the cost of transmitters provided to customers that use Abbott’s remote monitoring service with respect to certain medical devices are capitalized as contract costs. Capitalized transmitter costs are amortized based on the timing of the transfer of services to which the assets relate, which typically ranges from eight to ten years . The amounts as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were not significant.
Abbott discloses Trade receivables separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at the net amount expected to be collected. Contract assets primarily relate to Abbott’s conditional right to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date. Contract assets at the beginning and end of the period, as well as the changes in the balance, were not significant.
Contract liabilities primarily relate to payments received from customers in advance of performance under the contract. Abbott’s contract liabilities arise primarily in the Medical Devices reportable segment when payment is received upfront for various multi-period extended service arrangements. Changes in the contract liabilities during the period are as follows:
