COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions requires significant judgment. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in the Company’s consolidated financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. When facts and circumstances change, the Company reassesses these probabilities and records any changes as appropriate. 
The computation of basic net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares that were outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares in the basic net income per share calculation plus the number of common shares that would be issued assuming vesting of all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding using the treasury stock method for shares subject to RSUs. 
Repurchased shares of common stock are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act. The par value of repurchased shares is deducted from common stock and the excess repurchase price over par value is deducted by allocation to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. The amount allocated to additional paid-in capital is the current value of additional paid-in capital per share outstanding and is applied to the number of shares repurchased. Any remaining amount is allocated to retained earnings. See Note 7 for additional information.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company has long-term contracts with distributors around the world. For the U.S. Networks segment, 84 % of distribution revenue comes from the 10 largest distributors. Agreements in place with the 10 largest cable and satellite operators with the U.S. Networks expire at various times from 2022 through 2025. Although the Company seeks to renew its agreements with its distributors prior to expiration of a contract, a delay in securing a renewal that results in a service disruption, a failure to secure a renewal or a renewal on less favorable terms may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Not only could the Company experience a reduction in distribution revenue, but it could also experience a reduction in advertising revenue, as viewership is impacted by affiliate subscriber levels. 
No individual customer accounted for more than 10% of total consolidated revenues for 2021, 2020 or 2019. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company’s trade receivables do not represent a significant concentration of credit risk as the customers and markets in which the Company operates are varied and dispersed across many geographic areas. 
Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. The Company has deposits held with banks that exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions of reputable credit and, therefore, bear minimal credit risk.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We also own and operate a facility located on the Houston Ship Channel that produces up to 4 MBPD of HPIB and includes an associated storage facility with 0.6 MMBbls of related product storage capacity. The primary feedstock for this plant, an isobutane/isobutylene mix, is produced by our octane enhancement and iBDH facilities. HPIB is used in the production of polyisobutylene, which is used in the manufacture of lubricants and rubber. In general, we sell HPIB at market-based prices with a cost-based floor. On a weighted-average basis, utilization rates for this facility were 77.6 %, 88.9% and 75.9% for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
The results of operations from our octane enhancement and HPIB facilities are generally dependent on the level of production volumes and the difference, or spread, between the sales prices of the products and the associated feedstock purchase costs and other operating expenses.
Isobutane Dehydrogenation Unit. In December 2019, we completed construction and placed our iBDH unit into service. The facility, which is located at our Mont Belvieu complex and supported by long-term, fee-based contracts, is capable of processing approximately 25 MBPD of butane into nearly 1 billion pounds per year of isobutylene. Production from the iBDH plant will enable us to optimize our MTBE and high purity isobutylene assets and meet growing market demand for isobutylene.
