SALESFORCE INC report:
Productivity. Quip Collaboration Platform combines documents, spreadsheets, apps and chat with live CRM data to deliver a central hub for teams to create, collaborate and get work done from almost any device. 
Our service offerings are suited to meet the needs of our customers in certain industries, such as solutions for financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, consumer goods, government and philanthropy, as well as customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small business. Additionally, our Community Cloud enables companies to quickly create and manage trusted, branded digital destinations for customers, partners and employees, collectively referred to as community cloud. This allows companies to engage and collaborate directly with groups of people by giving them access to relevant information, apps and experts. 
• Ease of integration and configuration with application programming interfaces that enable customers to integrate our solutions with existing third-party, custom and legacy apps, as well as write their own application services that integrate with our solutions.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Borrowings under the ETO Credit Facilities are unsecured and initially guaranteed by Sunoco Logistics Partners Operations L.P. Borrowings under the ETO Credit Facilities will bear interest at a eurodollar rate or a base rate, at our option, plus an applicable margin. In addition, we will be required to pay a quarterly commitment fee to each lender equal to the product of the applicable rate and such lender’s applicable percentage of the unused portion of the aggregate commitments under the ETO Credit Facilities. 
We typically repay amounts outstanding under the ETO Credit Facilities with proceeds from unit offerings or long-term notes offerings. The timing of borrowings depends on the Partnership’s activities and the cash available to fund those activities. The repayments of amounts outstanding under the ETO Credit Facilities depend on multiple factors, including market conditions and expectations of future working capital needs, and ultimately are a financing decision made by management. Therefore, the balance outstanding under the ETO Credit Facilities may vary significantly between periods. We do not believe that such fluctuations indicate a significant change in our liquidity position, because we expect to continue to be able to repay amounts outstanding under the ETO Credit Facilities with proceeds from unit offerings or long-term note offerings. 
ETO’s revolving credit facility (the “ETO Five-Year Credit Facility”) previously allowed for unsecured borrowings up to   $4.00 billion   and matured in December 2022. On October 19, 2018, the ETO Five-Year Credit Facility was amended to increase the borrowing capacity by   $1.00 billion , to   $5.00 billion , and to extend the maturity date to December 1, 2023. The ETO Five-Year Credit Facility contains an accordion feature, under which the total aggregate commitment may be increased up to   $6.00 billion   under certain conditions.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and our obligation for employee healthcare benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis by evaluating and making judgments about historical claims experience and other actuarial assumptions and the estimated impact on future results. 
We predominantly sell food and beverage products across several product categories and in all regions as disclosed in Note 18, Segment Reporting . We recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers, which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. A small percentage of our net revenues relates to the licensing of our intellectual property, predominantly brand and trade names, and we record these revenues when earned within the period of the license term. We account for product shipping, handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues. 
Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments, such as trade discounts, rebates or returns, are estimated at the time of sale. We base these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue, such as trade incentives and product returns, are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.
