MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We use a combination of primarily currency forward contracts, futures, options and swaps; commodity forward contracts, futures and options; and interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the value of our debt. See Note 9, Financial Instruments , for more information on the types of derivative instruments we use. 
We record derivative financial instruments on a gross basis and at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets within other current assets or other current liabilities due to their relatively short-term duration. Cash flows from derivative instruments are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows based on the nature of the derivative instrument. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a cash flow hedge, to the extent that the hedge is effective, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) and reclassified to earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Changes in fair value of economic hedges and the ineffective portion of all hedges are recognized in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a fair value hedge, along with the changes in the fair value of the related hedged asset or liability, are recorded in earnings in the same period. We use non-U.S. dollar denominated debt to hedge a portion of our net investment in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. Currency movements related to our non-U.S. debt and our net investments in non-U.S. operations, as well as the related deferred taxes, are recorded within currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses). 
In order to qualify for hedge accounting, a specified level of hedging effectiveness between the derivative instrument and the item being hedged must exist at inception and throughout the hedged period. We must also formally document the nature of and relationship between the derivative and the hedged item, as well as our risk management objectives, strategies for undertaking the hedge transaction and method of assessing hedge effectiveness. Additionally, for a hedge of a forecasted transaction, the significant characteristics and expected term of the forecasted transaction must be specifically identified, and it must be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur. If it is no longer probable that the hedged forecasted transaction will occur, we would recognize the gain or loss related to the derivative in earnings.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• electrophysiology products, including the TactiFlex™ and TactiCath ® families of ablation catheters, and FlexAbility ® irrigated ablation catheters; EnSite ® family of cardiac mapping systems; Agilis ® NxT and Swartz™ introducer catheters; the Advisor ® HD Grid mapping catheter; and ViewFlex™ family of intracardiac echocardiography catheters; 
• heart failure related products, including the HeartMate ® left ventricular assist device family, the CardioMEMS ® HF System pulmonary artery sensor, a heart failure monitoring system, and the CentriMag ® System, an acute mechanical circulatory support system; 
• vascular products, including the XIENCE ® family of drug-eluting coronary stent systems developed on the Multi-Link Vision ® platform; StarClose SE ® , Perclose ProGlide ® and Perclose ProStyle ® vessel closure devices, TREK ® coronary balloon dilatation products, Hi-Torque Balance Middleweight Universal II ® guidewires, Supera ® Peripheral Stent System, a peripheral vascular stent system; Acculink ® /Accunet ® and Xact ® /Emboshield NAV6 ® , carotid stent systems; the OPTIS ® integrated systems with Ultreon™ 1.0 Software, compatible with the Dragonfly OPTIS ® imaging catheter and PressureWire ® fractional flow reserve measurement systems; and the JETi ® peripheral thrombectomy systems for clot removal;

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The calculation of the Company’s tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. The Company (1) records unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes and (2) adjusts these liabilities when the Company’s judgment changes because of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the current estimate of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. The Company recognizes an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. 
3   Balance as of January 2, 2021 39   Gross increases due to positions taken in prior years 5   Gross decreases due to positions taken in prior years ( 2 ) Decreases due to lapses of statute of limitations ( 5 ) Decreases due to settlements with taxing authorities ( 5 ) Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 32   
The Company estimates it is reasonably possible that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by up to $ 17 million in the next 12 months as a result of the completion of various tax audits currently in process and the expiration of the statute of limitations in several jurisdictions.
