SALESFORCE INC report:
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency financial statements into U.S. 
dollars are recorded as a separate component on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income in the consolidated statement of operations for the period. 
The Company’s enterprise cloud computing services are typically warranted to perform in a manner consistent with general industry standards that are reasonably applicable and materially in accordance with the Company’s online help documentation under normal use and circumstances.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Corporate bonds include publicly traded and privately placed securities. Privately placed securities primarily consist of corporate issued senior debt securities that are negotiated with the borrower or are issued by entities in unregistered form under SEC Rule 144A which allows purchasers to more easily resell these securities under certain conditions. 
Our $7.65 billion portfolio of privately placed securities, primarily 144A bonds, is diversified by issuer, industry sector and country. The portfolio is made up of 463 issuers. Privately placed corporate obligations may contain structural security features such as financial covenants and call protections that provide investors greater protection against credit deterioration, reinvestment risk or fluctuations in interest rates than those typically found in publicly registered debt securities. Additionally, investments in these securities are made after fundamental analysis of issuers and sectors along with macro and asset class views. Ongoing monitoring includes continuous assessment of operating performance and financial position. Every issue not rated by an independent rating agency is internally rated with a formal rating affirmation at least once a year. Liquidity of securities issued by public entities in unregistered form is similar to public debt markets. 
Our corporate bonds portfolio includes $4.01 billion of below investment grade bonds, $2.91 billion of which are privately placed primarily 144A bonds. These securities are diversified by issuer and industry sector. The below investment grade corporate bonds portfolio is made up of 328 issuers. We employ fundamental analyses of issuers and sectors along with macro and asset class views to identify investment opportunities. This results in a portfolio with broad exposure to the high yield market with an emphasis on idiosyncratic positions reflective of our views of market conditions and opportunities.

BOEING CO report:
Unallocated items, eliminations and other include common internal services that support Boeing’s global business operations, intercompany guarantees provided to BCC and eliminations of certain sales between segments. Such sales include aircraft sold to our BCC segment that are leased by BCC to customers and considered transferred to the BCC segment. We generally allocate costs to business segments based on the U.S. federal cost accounting standards. Components of Unallocated items, eliminations and other (expense)/income are shown in the following table. 
Pension costs, comprising GAAP service and prior service costs, are allocated to BCA and the commercial operations at BGS. Pension costs are allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers using U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. These costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. These expenses are included in Other income, net. 
Assets included in Unallocated items, eliminations and other primarily consist of Cash and cash equivalents, Short-term and other investments, tax assets, capitalized interest, and assets managed centrally on behalf of the four principal business segments and intercompany eliminations.
