BOEING CO report:
We provide guarantees to certain commercial airplane customers which include compensation provisions for failure to meet specified aircraft performance targets. We account for these performance guarantees as warranties. The estimated liability for these warranties is based on known and anticipated operational characteristics and forecasted customer operation of the aircraft relative to contractually specified performance targets, and anticipated settlements when contractual remedies are not specified. Estimated payments are recorded as a reduction of revenue at delivery of the related aircraft. We have agreements that require certain suppliers to compensate us for amounts paid to customers for failure of supplied equipment to meet specified performance targets. Claims against suppliers under these agreements are included in Inventories and recorded as a reduction in Cost of products at delivery of the related aircraft. These performance warranties and claims against suppliers are included in the programs’ estimate at completion. 
We record an accrual for supplier penalties when an event occurs that makes it probable that a supplier penalty will be incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. Until an event occurs, we fully anticipate accepting all products procured under production-related contracts. 
We record a liability in Accrued liabilities for the fair value of guarantees. For credit guarantees, the liability is equal to the present value of the expected loss. We determine the expected loss by multiplying the creditor’s default rate by the guarantee amount reduced by the expected recovery, if applicable. At inception of a guarantee, and adjusted each quarter, we also recognize a liability for the expected contingent loss.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is calculated by including the Net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables with Cash provided by (used for) operating activities. Cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure and is not intended to replace Cash provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure. Our management believes presentation of this measure allows investors to view our cash generating performance using the same measure that management uses in evaluating financial and business performance and trends. 
Net Income Attributable to Bunge - For the year ended December 31, 2022, Net income attributable to Bunge was $1,610 million, a decrease of $468 million compared to a Net income attributable to Bunge of $2,078 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower Segment EBIT in our Core segments and Corporate and Other activities, as further discussed in the Segment Overview and Results of Operations section below, and increased interest expense. 
Earnings Per Common Share - Diluted - For the year ended December 31, 2022, Net income attributable to Bunge common shareholders, diluted, was $10.51 per share, a decrease of $3.13 per share, compared to $13.64 per share for the year ended December 31, 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and, in fiscal 2021, our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.
