COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our members may utilize their memberships at all of our warehouses and websites. Gold Star memberships are available to individuals; Business memberships are limited to businesses, including individuals with a business license, retail sales license or comparable document. Business members may add additional cardholders (affiliates), to which the same annual fee applies. Affiliates are not available for Gold Star members. Our annual fee for these memberships is $60 in our U.S. and Canadian operations and varies in other countries. All paid memberships include a free household card. 
Our member renewal rate was 91% in the U.S. and Canada and 89% worldwide at the end of 2021. The majority of members renew within six months following their renewal date. Our renewal rate is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date. Our membership counts include active memberships as well as memberships that have not renewed within the 12 months prior to the reporting date. At the end of 2020, we standardized our membership count methodology globally to be consistent with the U.S. and Canada, which resulted in the addition to the count of approximately 2.0 million total cardholders for 2020, of which 1.3 million were paid members. The change did not impact 2019. Membership fee income and the renewal rate calculations were not affected. Our membership was made up of the following (in thousands): 
Paid cardholders (except affiliates) are eligible to upgrade to an Executive membership in the U.S. and Canada, for an additional annual fee of $60. Executive memberships are also available in Mexico, the U.K., Japan, Korea, and Taiwan, for which the additional annual fee varies. Executive members earn a 2% reward on qualified purchases (generally up to a maximum reward of $1,000 per year), which can be redeemed only at Costco warehouses. This program also offers (except in Mexico and Korea), access to additional savings and benefits on various business and consumer services, such as auto and home insurance, the Costco auto purchase program, and check printing. These services are generally provided by third parties and vary by state and country. Executive members totaled 25.6 million and represented 55% of paid members (excluding affiliates) in the U.S. and Canada and 17% of paid members (excluding affiliates) in our Other International operations at the end of 2021. They generally shop more frequently and spend more than other members.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Senior Notes YY were issued at 99.955% of their principal amount and have a fixed interest rate of 3.125% per year. Senior Notes ZZ were issued at 99.792% of their principal amount and have a fixed interest rate of 4.20% per year. EPD has guaranteed these senior notes through an unconditional guarantee on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis.
In September 2019, EPO entered into an amendment (the “First Amendment”) to its revolving credit agreement dated September 13, 2017 (the “Multi-Year Revolving Credit Agreement”). The First Amendment reduces the borrowing capacity under the Multi-Year Revolving Credit Agreement from $4.0 billion to $3.5 billion (which may be increased by up to $500 million to $4.0 billion at EPO’s election provided certain conditions are met) and extends the maturity date to September 10, 2024, although the maturity date may be extended further at EPO’s request by up to two years, with the consent of required lenders as set forth under the credit agreement. Borrowings under this revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital investments, acquisitions and general company purposes. There are currently no principal amounts outstanding under this revolving credit agreement.
In September 2019, EPO entered into a 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement that replaced its prior 364-day credit facility. The new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement matures in September 2020. Under the terms of the new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, EPO may borrow up to $1.5 billion (which may be increased by up to $200 million to $1.7 billion at EPO’s election, provided certain conditions are met) at a variable interest rate for a term of up to 364 days, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. To the extent that principal amounts are outstanding at the maturity date, EPO may elect to have the entire principal balance then outstanding continued as non-revolving term loans for a period of one additional year, payable in September 2021. Borrowings under this revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital investments, acquisitions and general company purposes. There are currently no principal amounts outstanding under this revolving credit agreement.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., medical devices are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott’s medical device products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process.
In the EU, medical devices are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the Directive. In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) which replaces the existing directives in the EU for medical devices. The MDR will apply after a three to five-year (depending on product classification) transition period and imposes additional premarket and postmarket regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products.
