MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives. 
Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina. 
Applying the definition of “Adjusted EPS” (1) , the adjustments made to “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income tables above as well as gains/(losses) related to interest rate swaps; loss on debt extinguishment; U.S. tax reform discrete net tax impact; net gains/(losses) on equity method investment transactions; and our proportionate share of unusual or infrequent items recorded by our JDE and Keurig equity method investees. We also evaluate Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. We believe Adjusted EPS provides improved comparability of underlying operating results.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2022, we had 73,541 employees, of which approximately 55 percent were located in the United States and 45 percent were located internationally and approximately 36 percent identified as women, 64 percent identified as men and less than 1 percent identified as non-binary. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. 
Our ability to attract and retain the best talent is even more important as our employees adapt to a new normal with how and where we work. Maintaining a strong company culture, in a remote environment, and at a time of rapid growth in our workforce remains a priority throughout our human capital management programs. We have relied on our Success From Anywhere approach to help us effectively manage our workforce during this time and have continued to invest in equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives, development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 
Success from Anywhere provides employees three new ways of working: Office-Flexible, Home-Based, and Office-Based. We leverage Flex Team Agreements to empower teams to decide how, when, and where they work, including how many days a week they come into the office and what kind of work they will continue to do at home. Flex Team Agreements help us think through and provide clarity on what’s most important in how and where we show up, work, stay connected, and nurture our culture. As we return to the office, health and safety remain a top priority and we have leveraged our own tools, such as work.com and Dreampass, to allow our employees to come together safely.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Use of Estimates . The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the accrual for and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The natural gas industry conducts its business by processing actual transactions at the end of the month following the month of delivery. Consequently, the most current month’s financial results for the midstream, NGL and intrastate transportation and storage segments are estimated using volume estimates and market prices. Any differences between estimated results and actual results are recognized in the following month’s financial statements. Management believes that the operating results estimated for the year ended December 31, 2019 represent the actual results in all material respects. 
Some of the other significant estimates made by management include, but are not limited to, the timing of certain forecasted transactions that are hedged, the fair value of derivative instruments, useful lives for depreciation, depletion and amortization, purchase accounting allocations and subsequent realizability of intangible assets, fair value measurements used in the goodwill impairment test, market value of inventory, assets and liabilities resulting from the regulated ratemaking process, contingency reserves and environmental reserves. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Revenue Recognition . Revenues for sales of natural gas and NGLs are recognized at the later of the time of delivery of the product to the customer or the time of sale. Revenues from service labor, transportation, treating, compression and gas processing, are recognized upon completion of the service. Transportation capacity payments are recognized when earned in the period the capacity is made available.
