SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts and ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Training revenues are recognized as the services are performed. 
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, the Company considers the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, the Company has concluded that all of the professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct.

BOEING CO report:
Shares issued as a result of stock option exercises or conversion of stock unit awards will be funded out of treasury shares, except to the extent there are insufficient treasury shares, in which case new shares will be issued. We believe we currently have adequate treasury shares to satisfy these issuances during 2019 . 
Share-based plans expense is primarily included in General and administrative expense since it is incentive compensation issued primarily to our executives. The share-based plans expense and related income tax benefit were as follows: 
We discontinued granting options in 2014, replacing them with performance-based restricted stock units. Options granted through January 2014 had an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant and expire ten years after the date of grant. The stock options vested over a period of three years and were fully vested at December 31, 2018 .

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Interest earned on secured advances to suppliers of $31 million, $26 million and $30 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, is included in Net sales in the consolidated statements of income. 
The table below shows details of prepaid commodity contracts and secured advances to suppliers outstanding at our Brazilian operations as of the dates indicated. See Note 6- Other Current Assets and Note 12- Other Non-Current Assets, to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
(30) (9) Net 485   425 Secured advances to suppliers (non-current) 81   134 Total (current and non-current) 566   559 Allowance for uncollectible amounts (current and non-current) $ (43) $ (65)
