WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
On August 7, 2017 , Discovery completed the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement with Advance/Newhouse. Under the Exchange Agreement, Discovery issued a number of shares of newly designated Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock (collectively, the "New Preferred Stock") to Advance/Newhouse in exchange for all outstanding shares of Discovery Series A and Series C convertible participating preferred stock (the "Exchange"). The terms of the Exchange Agreement resulted in Advance/Newhouse's aggregate voting and economic rights before the exchange being equal to its aggregate voting and economic rights after the exchange. Immediately following the Exchange, Advance/Newhouse’s beneficial ownership of the aggregate number of shares of Discovery’s Series A common stock and Series C common stock into which the New Preferred Stock received by Advance/Newhouse in the Exchange are convertible, remained unchanged. The terms of the exchange agreement also provide that certain of the shares of Discovery Series C-1 convertible preferred stock received by Advance/Newhouse in the Exchange (including the Discovery Series C common stock into which such shares are convertible) are subject to transfer restrictions on the terms set forth in the Exchange Agreement. While subject to transfer restrictions, such shares may be pledged in certain bona fide financing transactions, but may not be pledged in connection with hedging or similar transactions. 
Prior to the Exchange, each share of Series A preferred stock was convertible into one share of Series A common stock and one share of Series C common stock (referred to as the “embedded Series C common stock”). Through its ownership of the Series A convertible preferred stock, Advance/Newhouse had the right to elect three directors (the “preferred directors”) and maintained special voting rights on certain matters, including but not limited to blocking rights for material acquisitions, the issuance of debt securities and the issuance of equity securities (collectively, the “preferred rights”). Additionally, Advance/Newhouse was subject to certain transfer restrictions with respect to its governance rights. Prior to the Exchange, the Series C convertible preferred stock was considered the economic equivalent of Series C common stock. 
Following the Exchange, shares of Series A-1 preferred stock and Series C-1 preferred stock are convertible into Series A common stock and Series C common stock, respectively. The aforementioned preferred rights and transfer restrictions are retained as features of the Series A-1 preferred stock, and holders of Series A-1 preferred stock are now subject to a right of first offer in favor of Discovery should Advance/Newhouse desire to sell 80% or more of the Series A-1 shares in a “Permitted Transfer” (as defined in the Discovery charter). Following the Exchange, Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is considered the economic equivalent of Series C common stock and is subject to certain transfer restrictions.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses, partial or full sales of equity method investments and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, we reflected the impact of prior-quarter sales of KDP and JDE Peet’s shares within divested results as if the sales occurred at the beginning of all periods presented. 
(7) Includes our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring program costs. 
(9) Refer to Note 12, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and Note 17, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Enterprise would develop the CO 2 aggregation and transportation network utilizing a combination of new and existing pipelines along its expansive Gulf Coast footprint. OLCV, through its 1PointFive business unit, is developing sequestration hubs on the Gulf Coast and across the U.S., some of which are expected to be anchored by direct air capture facilities. The hubs will provide access to high quality pore space and efficient transportation infrastructure, bringing more options to emitters looking to explore viable carbon management strategies. Enterprise and OLCV have begun exploring the commercialization of the potential joint service offering with customers.
On April 12, 2022, Enterprise hosted a meeting with securities analysts and investors where we announced seven new projects that we expect will be completed by 2025. The announced projects included the following (including their respective scheduled completion dates):
 • our Texas Western Products System, created by repurposing a portion of our Mid-America Pipeline System’s Rocky Mountain segment and adding westbound service to our Chaparral Pipeline business to transport refined products from the U.S. Gulf Coast to markets in West Texas, New Mexico, Colorado and Utah (fourth quarter of 2023);
