COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The captive receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company’s premium costs in selling, general and administrative expenses, in the consolidated statements of income. The captive participates in a reinsurance program that includes other third-party participants. The reinsurance agreement is one year in duration, and new agreements are entered into by each participant at their discretion at the commencement of the next calendar year. The participant agreements and practices of the reinsurance program limit a participating members’ individual risk. Income statement adjustments related to the reinsurance program and related impacts to the consolidated balance sheets are recognized as information becomes known. In the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company retains its primary obligation to the policyholders for prior activity. 
The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business. It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of fluctuations of foreign exchange on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company’s international subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. Some of these contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features that require settlement of outstanding 
contracts upon certain triggering events. At the end of 2019  and 2018 , the aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments in a net liability position and the amount needed to settle the instruments immediately if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered were immaterial. The aggregate notional amounts of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were $ 704  and $ 717  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively. See Note 3  for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts at the end of 2019  and 2018 .

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
On May 13, 2019, the Company paid $ 36 million in cash to acquire Golf Digest, a leading golf brand whose content is available across multiple platforms, including print and social media. The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to Golf Digest, whereby the excess of the fair value of the business over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The Company recorded preliminary net assets of $ 36 million , subject to adjustment based on the final assessment of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including net working capital liabilities of $ 12 million , intangible assets of $ 25 million and goodwill of $ 23 million . Intangible assets consist of trademarks and trade names and licensing agreements and have a weighted average useful life of 9 years . The goodwill reflects the workforce and synergies expected from broader exposure to the golf entertainment sector. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition is included in the International Networks reportable segment and is not amortizable for tax purposes. 
On January 8, 2019, the Company paid $ 41 million in cash to acquire a controlling interest in Play Sports Group Limited ("PSG"), increasing Discovery's ownership stake from 20.1 % to 70.7 % . The Company recognized a gain of $ 8 million , which represents the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the previously held 20.1 % equity method investment. The gain is included in other expense, net in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. (See Note 20.) The Company consolidated PSG under the voting interest model upon the closing of the transaction and as a result, the accounting for PSG was changed from an equity method investment to a consolidated subsidiary. The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to PSG, whereby the excess of the fair value of the business over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The Company recorded net assets of $ 79 million , including cash of $ 19 million , other net working capital liabilities of $ 6 million , intangible assets of $ 29 million , and goodwill of $ 37 million . Intangible assets consist of trademarks and trade names, advertiser relationships, affiliate backlog and broadcast licenses and have a weighted average useful life of 10 years . The goodwill reflects the workforce and synergies expected from broader exposure to the cycling entertainment sector. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition is included in the International Networks reportable segment and is not amortizable for tax purposes. Additionally, the Company recorded a redeemable noncontrolling interest of $ 25 million . (See Note 11.) 
The following unaudited pro forma information has been presented as if the acquisition of Scripps Networks occurred on January 1, 2017 . Pro forma information for the Company's other acquisitions was not material. The information is based on the historical results of operations of the acquired businesses, adjusted for:

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We have long-term product purchase commitments for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, and petrochemicals and refined products with third party suppliers. The prices that we are obligated to pay under these contracts approximate market prices at the time we take delivery of the volumes. The preceding table presents our estimated future payment obligations under these contracts based on the contractual price in each agreement at December 31, 2021 applied to all future volume commitments. Actual future payment obligations may vary depending on prices at the time of delivery. 
On January 6 , 2022, we announced that the Board declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.465   per common unit, or $1.86 per unit on an annualized basis, to be paid to the Partnership’s common unitholders with respect to the fourth quarter of 2021. The quarterly distribution was paid on February 11 , 2022 to unitholders of record as of the close of business on January 31 , 2022 . The total amount paid was $1.02 billion, which includes $8.0 million for distribution equivalent rights on phantom unit awards. 
The payment of quarterly cash distributions is subject to management’s evaluation of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in connection with such payments and Board approval. In light of current economic conditions, management will evaluate any future increases in cash distributions on a quarterly basis.
