ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $39 million in 2018, $109 million in 2017 and $325 million in 2016. These tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to AbbVie's operations for years prior to the separation. 
In September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for $4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $728 million in 2017 related to the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. For 2017 and 2016, the AMO earnings (losses) before taxes included in Abbott's consolidated earnings were $(18) million and $30 million, respectively. 
As discussed in Note 7 — Business Acquisitions, in conjunction with the acquisition of Alere, Abbott sold the Triage MeterPro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and liabilities related to its B-type Natriuretic Peptide assay business run on Beckman Coulter analyzers to Quidel Corporation (Quidel). The legal transfer of certain assets related to these businesses did not occur at the close of the sale to Quidel due to, among other factors, the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and other regulatory requirements in various countries. Under the terms of the sale agreement with Abbott, Quidel is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. The assets presented as held for disposition in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, primarily relate to the businesses sold to Quidel.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On April 1, 2021, we acquired Gourmet Food, a leading Australian food company in the premium biscuit and cracker category, for closing cash consideration of approximately $ 450 million Australian dollars ($ 343 million), net of cash received. We are working to complete the valuation and have recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation of $ 41 million to indefinite-lived intangible assets, $ 80 million to definite-lived intangible assets, $ 164 million to goodwill, $ 19 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 18 million to inventory, $ 25 million to accounts receivable, $ 12 million to other assets, $ 5 million to operating right of use assets, $ 3 million to other current assets, $ 19 million to current liabilities and $ 5 million to long-term operating lease liabilities. The acquisition added incremental net revenues of $ 49 million and operating income of $ 7 million during 2021. We incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 7 million in 2021. 
On March 25, 2021, we acquired a majority interest in Lion/Gemstone Topco Ltd (“Grenade”), a performance nutrition leader in the United Kingdom, for closing cash consideration of £ 188 million ($ 261 million), net of cash received. The acquisition of Grenade expands our position into the premium nutrition market. We are working to complete the valuation and have recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation of $ 82 million to indefinite-lived intangible assets, $ 28 million to definite-lived intangible assets, $ 181 million to goodwill, $ 1 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 11 million to inventory, $ 18 million to accounts receivable, $ 25 million to current liabilities, $ 20 million to deferred tax liabilities and $ 15 million to long-term other liabilities. The acquisition added incremental net revenues of $ 67 million and operating income of $ 6 million during 2021. We incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 2 million in 2021. 
On January 4, 2021, we acquired the remaining 93 % of equity of Hu Master Holdings (“Hu”), a category leader in premium chocolate in the United States, which provides a strategic complement to our snacking portfolio in North America through growth opportunities in chocolate and other offerings in the well-being category. The initial cash consideration paid was $ 229 million, net of cash received, and we may be required to pay additional contingent consideration. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the acquisition date was $ 132 million and was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation based on forecasted future results. During 2021, based on latest estimates, we recorded a $ 70 million reduction to the liability as recent economic and market conditions related to COVID-19 and supply chain challenges in the U.S. have impacted the pace of growth. This reduction was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. As a result of acquiring the remaining equity interest, we consolidated the operations prospectively from the date of acquisition and recorded a pre-tax gain of $ 9 million ($ 7 million after-tax) related to stepping up our previously-held $ 8 million ( 7 %) investment to fair value. We are working to complete the valuation and have recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation of $ 123 million to indefinite-lived intangible assets, $ 51 million to definite-lived intangible assets, $ 202 million to goodwill, $ 1 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 2 million to inventory, $ 4 million to accounts receivable, $ 5 million to current liabilities and $ 132 million to long-term other liabilities. The acquisition added incremental net revenues of $ 38 million and operating income (inclusive of the adjustment to the contingent consideration liability) of $ 44 million during 2021. We incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 9 million in 2021.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company markets and distributes fresh, frozen and dry food and non-food products to foodservice customers throughout the U.S. The Company uses a centralized management structure, and its strategies and initiatives are implemented and executed consistently across the organization to maximize value to the organization as a whole. The Company uses shared resources for sales, procurement, and general and administrative activities across each of its distribution facilities and operations. The Company’s distribution facilities form a single network to reach its customers; it is common for a single customer to make purchases from several different distribution facilities. Capital projects, whether for cost savings or generating incremental revenue, are evaluated based on estimated economic returns to the organization as a whole. 
No single customer accounted for more than 3% of the Company’s consolidated net sales for fiscal years 2019 , 2018 and 2017 . However, customers who are members of one group purchasing organization accounted, in the aggregate, for approximately 13 % of the Company's consolidated net sales in fiscal years 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 .Legal Proceedings —The Company is subject to a number of legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. These legal proceedings, whether pending, threatened or unasserted, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, may result in liabilities material to its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company has recognized provisions with respect to the proceedings, where appropriate, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. It is possible that the Company could be required to make expenditures, in excess of the established provisions, in amounts that cannot be reasonably estimated. However, the Company believes that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
These condensed parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under terms of the agreements governing its indebtedness, the net assets of USF are restricted from being transferred to US Foods in the form of loans, advances or dividends with the exception of income tax payments, share-based compensation settlements and minor administrative costs. USF had $ 1.3 billion of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $ 2.4 billion of its net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation, as of December 28, 2019 . See Note 16, Share-Based Compensation, Common Stock Issuances and Common Stock, for a discussion of the Company’s equity-related transactions. In the condensed parent company financial statements below, the investment in the operating subsidiary, USF, is accounted for using the equity method. 
The Company’s consolidated results represent the results of its one business segment based on how the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief Executive Officer, views the business for purposes of evaluating performance and making operating decisions.
