ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In 2017, the U.S. Geological Survey estimated that the Haynesville and the associated Bossier Shale plays hold a combined 304 trillion cubic feet of technically recoverable shale gas resources, which is the second highest level in the U.S. after the Appalachia region. The Haynesville benefits from its close proximity to U.S. Gulf Coast markets where significant petrochemical plant projects and LNG export facilities are being constructed. According to the FERC, the LNG market in South Louisiana and Southeast Texas, including facilities under construction, is expected to reach an aggregate 15 Bcf/d of export capacity. In September 2019, we announced construction of the Gillis Lateral and Mansfield compressor station project, both of which will support continued production growth in the Haynesville.
 • In the Rocky Mountain region, rig counts (as reported by Baker Hughes) in the Piceance and San Juan basins and also in the Jonah field were essentially flat in 2019 when compared to 2018; however, the predominant producer in the Pinedale field suspended drilling in 2019 due to low commodity prices. As we move into 2020, we expect that Piceance, San Juan and Jonah producers will continue a modest level of conventional drilling with certain developments showing encouraging long-term trends. In the Piceance Basin, operators have drilled several horizontal wells in the Williams Fork formation and obtained permits for deeper wells in the Mancos Shale. In the San Juan Basin, operators continue to drill horizontal wells in both the crude oil and natural gas horizons of the Mancos Shale. In the Jonah field, producers saw positive results from recent horizontal well tests and plan to continue these efforts into 2020.
Producers in the Rockies benefit from sufficient natural gas and NGL pipeline infrastructure, which helps the region compete with other North American regions where production takeaway capacity is constrained. We believe that our Rocky Mountain assets will continue to benefit regional producers by allowing them access to major downstream markets such as U.S. Gulf Coast and export destinations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Level 3 – includes investments valued using unobservable inputs that reflect the plans’ assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets, based on the best information available. 
Fair value estimates for pooled funds are calculated by the investment advisor when reliable quotations or pricing services are not readily available for certain underlying securities. The estimated value is based on either cost or last sale price for most of the securities valued in this fashion. 
Fair value estimates for private equity investments are calculated by the general partners using the market approach to estimate the fair value of private investments. The market approach utilizes prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions, type of security, degree of liquidity, restrictions on the disposition, latest round of financing data, company financial statements, relevant valuation multiples and discounted cash flow analyses.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Before we apply the acquisition method, we determine whether a transaction meets the definition of a business combination. For a transaction to meet the definition of a business combination, the entity or net assets acquired must meet the definition of a business in ASC 805. If the assets acquired are not a business, we account for the transaction or other event as an asset acquisition. We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, under which the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to all identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest at the fair value as of the acquisition date. We generally calculate the fair value using the income approach. The estimated future cash flows are based on the best information available to us at the time, acquisition-related costs incurred in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred. 
Goodwill arises because the purchase price paid reflects numerous factors, including the strategic fit and expected synergies these acquisitions bring to our existing operations. Goodwill is recorded at fair value and is reviewed at least annually at year-end (or more frequently under certain circumstances) for impairment. 
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level and is initially based on an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any individual reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Such events or circumstances could include limited market volatility, which adversely impacts our supply and trading activities, or material and sustained adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or in the industries and markets where we operate, overall financial performance, and our market capitalization, among others. There was significant volatility in the stock market during the fourth quarter 2018 including a significant decline in the Company’s market capitalization which was below book value at December 31, 2018. Management conducts an impairment test as of December 31 of each year, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired, as further described below. Based on the quantitative impairment test as of December 31, 2018, there were no impairments recorded for any of our reporting units.
