BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
To meet today's challenges and contribute to the solutions ahead, we have defined sustainability goals that incorporate activities and commitments supporting robust action on climate change, promoting responsible supply chains, and providing accountability for all that we do. 
• Action on Climate —We implement innovative solutions designed to minimize our environmental footprint and support projects and activities that strengthen our approach to fighting climate change. 
• Responsible Supply Chains —We promote sustainable agriculture and implement robust projects that are designed to protect and improve the environment, while supporting the social and economic well-being of growers and local communities.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
investment in a foreign subsidiary. At December 31, 2016, the value of this short-term debt was $454 million, and changes in the fair value of the debt up through the date of repayment due to changes in exchange rates were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax.
Net actuarial gains (losses) and prior service cost and credits and amortization of net actuarial losses and prior service cost and credits, net of taxes of $( 238 ) in 2019, $ 47 in 2018 and $( 61 ) in 2017
USE OF ESTIMATES — The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates, income taxes, pension and other post-employment benefits, valuation of intangible assets, litigation, derivative financial instruments, and inventory and accounts receivable exposures.

SALESFORCE INC report:
During fiscal 2021 and in future fiscal years, we have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure including offices, information technology and data centers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments including in response to the known and potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business. 
In December 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Slack. Under the terms of the agreement, Slack shareholders will receive $26.79 in cash and 0.0776 shares of Salesforce common stock for each outstanding share of Slack Class A and Class B common stock, resulting in an estimated $15.6 billion of cash consideration and 45 million shares to be issued, based on Slack Class A and Class B shares outstanding as of January 31, 2021. The agreement also provides for the assumption of outstanding equity awards held by Slack employees. We expect to fund the cash portion of the consideration with a combination of new debt, as discussed above, and cash on our balance sheet. 
In October 2019, we acquired ClickSoftware for approximately $1.4 billion. In the event that we fully integrate the operations and assets of ClickSoftware, as well as other acquired Israeli based entities into our operations, we may be subject to a potential one-time income tax charge based on an assumed Israeli statutory tax rate of 23 percent applied to the value of any transferred intangibles. The timing and amount of the cash payment, if any, is uncertain and would be based upon a number of factors, including our integration plans, valuations related to intercompany transactions, the tax rate in effect at the time, potential negotiations with the taxing authorities and potential litigation.
