ALLSTATE CORP report:
Provides data and analytics solutions with the Arity platform using automotive telematics information. Customers receive value from our solutions either by using web-based software tools, white labeled mobile applications or through embedding our technology in their mobile applications. 
We compete on a variety of factors, including product offerings, brand recognition, financial strength, price, distribution and the customer experience. The market for these services is highly fragmented and competitive. 
Our Allstate Life segment accounted for 4.4% of Allstate’s 2019 consolidated total revenue and 1.3% of Allstate’s December 31, 2019 PIF. Our overall strategy is to broaden Allstate’s customer relationships and value proposition. We also distribute non-proprietary retirement products offered by third-party providers. Our target customers are middle market consumers with family and financial protection needs.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the United States (U.S.) under the Verizon brand and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through our wireless networks. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. 
Customers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Our postpaid service is generally billed one month in advance for a monthly access charge in return for access to and usage of network services. Our prepaid service is offered only to Consumer customers and enables individuals to obtain wireless services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance. The Consumer segment also offers several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches. On November 23, 2021, we completed the acquisition of TracFone Wireless, Inc. (Tracfone), a provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. Additional information is included in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, Consumer sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis. The Consumer segment's operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled $95.3 billion, an increase of $6.8 billion, or 7.6%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. See "Segment Results of Operations" for additional information regarding our Consumer segment’s operating performance and selected operating statistics.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We have historically provided and continue to provide our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also provide our services via cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. In fiscal 2022, we launched Hyperforce, a reimagination of our platform architecture built to securely and reliably deliver the Customer 360 platform on major public clouds, in select regions and with select offerings. We continue to invest in Hyperforce and look to make it available in more regions in fiscal 2023. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions, including our most recent acquisitions of Slack, Tableau, and MuleSoft. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.
