WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Third parties may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property from time to time, and the success of any such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of intellectual property rights. Irrespective of their validity, such claims may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources which could have an adverse effect on our operations. In addition, piracy, which encompasses the theft of our signal, and unauthorized use of our content, in the digital environment continues to present a threat to revenues from products and services based on our intellectual property. We use external vendors to detect and remove infringing content and leverage our membership in a range of industry groups to address piracy issues. 
Our businesses are subject to and affected by regulations of U.S. federal, state and local government authorities, and our international operations are subject to laws and regulations of the countries and international bodies, such as the E.U., in which we operate. Content networks, such as those owned by us, are regulated by the FCC including some regulations that only apply to content networks affiliated with a cable television operator. Other FCC regulations, although imposed on cable television operators and direct broadcast satellite ("DBS") operators and other distributors, affect content networks indirectly. The rules, regulations, policies and procedures affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change. These descriptions are summary in nature and describe only the most significant regulations we face; they do not purport to describe all present and proposed laws and regulations affecting our businesses. 
The FCC’s program access rules prevent a satellite-delivered content vendor in which a cable operator has an “attributable” ownership interest from discriminating against unaffiliated multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”), such as cable and DBS operators, in the rates, terms and conditions for the sale or delivery of content. These rules permit the unaffiliated MVPD to initiate a complaint to the FCC against content networks if it believes this rule has been violated.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives. 
Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina. 
During 2018, we realized higher net pricing, which was partially offset by increased input costs. Higher net pricing, which included the carryover impact of pricing actions taken in 2017 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2018, was reflected across all regions except Europe. The increase in input costs was driven by higher raw material costs, mostly offset by lower manufacturing costs due to productivity efforts. Higher raw material costs were primarily due to higher currency exchange transaction costs on imported materials, as well as higher packaging, dairy and energy, partially offset primarily by lower cocoa costs. Favorable volume/mix was driven by Europe and AMEA, which was partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in North America and Latin America.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
To accommodate the additional volumes, we increased capacity on our Acadian Haynesville Extension pipeline from 1.8 Bcf/d to 2.1 Bcf/d by adding horsepower at our Mansfield Compressor Station located in Mansfield, Louisiana. The Legacy Acadian and Haynesville Extension pipelines are part of the Acadian Gas System, which is comprised of approximately 1,300 miles of natural gas pipelines and leased underground storage. It links natural gas supplies in Louisiana and offshore Gulf of Mexico to distribution companies, electric utility plants and industrial customers located primarily in the Baton Rouge/New Orleans/Mississippi River corridor. Our 378-mile Haynesville Gathering System has a capacity of approximately 1.3 Bcf/d, can treat up to 810 MMcf/d of natural gas and provides a significant and reliable source of supply for the Acadian Gas System.
In September 2021, we and Chevron U.S.A. Inc. (“Chevron”) jointly announced a framework to study and evaluate opportunities for carbon dioxide capture, utilization and storage from our respective business operations in the U.S. Midcontinent and Gulf Coast. Projects resulting from this evaluation would seek to combine our extensive midstream pipeline and storage network with Chevron’s sub-surface expertise to create opportunities to capture, aggregate, transport and sequester carbon dioxide in support of the evolving energy landscape. The initial phase of the study in which we will evaluate specific business opportunities is expected to last about six months.
In September 2021, EPO issued $1.0 billion principal amount of senior notes due February 2053 (“Senior Notes EEE”). Net proceeds from this offering were used for general company purposes, including for growth capital investments, and the repayment of debt (including the repayment of a portion of our $750.0 million in principal amount of 3.50% Senior Notes VV and a portion of our $650.0 million in principal amount of 4.05% Senior Notes CC, in each case at their maturity in February 2022).
