ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
example, in the Consolidated Appropriations Bill for Fiscal Year 2021, Congress reauthorized PHMSA through fiscal year 2023 and directed the agency to move forward with several regulatory actions, including the “Pipeline Safety: Class Location Change Requirements” and the “Pipeline Safety: Safety of Gas Transmission and Gathering Pipelines” proposed rulemakings; Congress has also instructed PHMSA to issue final regulations to require operations of non-rural gas gathering lines and new and existing transmission and distribution pipelines to conduct certain leak detection and repair programs to require facility inspection and maintenance plans to align with those regulations. The timing and scope of such future rulemakings is uncertain. 
In addition, states have adopted regulations, similar to existing PHMSA regulations, for intrastate gathering and transmission lines. The states in which we conduct operations typically have developed regulatory programs that parallel the federal regulatory scheme and are applicable to intrastate pipelines. Under such state regulatory programs, states have the authority to conduct pipeline inspections, to investigate accidents and to oversee compliance and enforcement, safety programs and record maintenance and reporting. Congress, PHMSA and individual states may pass or implement additional safety requirements that could result in increased compliance costs for us and other companies in our industry. For example, federal construction, maintenance and inspection standards under the NGPSA that apply to pipelines in relatively populated areas may not apply to gathering lines running through rural regions. However, in October 2019, PHMSA published three final rules that create or expand reporting, inspection, maintenance, and other pipeline safety obligations, including, among other things, extending pipeline integrity assessments to pipelines in certain locations, including newly-defined “Moderate Consequence Areas” (“MCAs”). 
In another example of how future legal requirements could result in increased compliance costs, notwithstanding the applicability of the federal OSHA’s Process Safety Management (“PSM”) regulations and the EPA’s Risk Management Planning (“RMP”) requirements at regulated facilities, PHMSA and one or more state regulators, including the TRRC, have in recent years, expanded the scope of their regulatory inspections to include certain in-plant equipment and pipelines found within NGL fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities, in order to assess compliance of such equipment and pipelines with hazardous liquid pipeline safety requirements. To the extent that these actions are pursued by PHMSA, midstream operators of NGL fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities subject to such inspection may be required to make operational changes or modifications at their facilities to meet standards beyond current PSM and RMP requirements, which changes or modifications may result in additional capital costs, possible operational delays and increased costs of operation that, in some instances, may be significant.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. The Company has deposits held with banks that exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions of reputable credit and, therefore, bear minimal credit risk. Additionally, the Company has cash and cash equivalents held by its foreign subsidiaries. Under the TCJA, the Company was subjected to U.S. taxes for the deemed repatriation of certain cash balances held by foreign corporations. The Company continues to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the U.S., and current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our U.S. operations. 
There is a risk that the counterparties associated with the Company’s revolving credit facility will not be available to fund as obligated under the terms of the facility and that the Company may, at the time of such unavailability to fund, have limited or no access to the commercial paper market. If funding under the revolving credit facility is unavailable, the Company may have to acquire a replacement credit facility from different counterparties at a higher cost or may be unable to find a suitable replacement. Typically, the Company seeks to manage such risks from its revolving credit facility by contracting with experienced large financial institutions and monitoring the credit quality of its lenders. As of December 31, 2018 , the Company did not anticipate nonperformance by any of its counterparties. 
The Company is exposed to the risk that the counterparties to outstanding derivative financial instruments will default on their obligations. The Company manages these credit risks through the evaluation and monitoring of the creditworthiness of, and concentration of risk with, the respective counterparties. In this regard, credit risk associated with outstanding derivative financial instruments is spread across a relatively broad counterparty base of banks and financial institutions. In connection with the Company's hedge of certain investments classified as available-for-sale securities, the Company has pledged shares as collateral to the derivative counterparty. (See Note 5.) The Company also has a limited number of arrangements where collateral is required to be posted in the instance that certain fair value thresholds are exceeded. As of December 31, 2018 , no  collateral has been posted by either party under these arrangements. As of December 31, 2018 , our exposure to counterparty credit risk included derivative assets with an aggregate fair value of $107 million . (See Note 10.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In July 2019, we announced a third expansion of our Midland-to-ECHO System comprised of a 36-inch pipeline extending from Midland, Texas to our Enterprise Crude Houston (“ECHO”) terminal, and further from ECHO to a third-party terminal in Webster, Texas (collectively, the “Midland-to-Webster pipeline”). We proportionately consolidate a 29% undivided interest in the Midland-to-Webster pipeline, which we refer to as the “Midland-to-ECHO 3” pipeline. In October 2020, we announced that the Midland-to-ECHO segment was placed into service. The ECHO-to-Webster segment was mechanically complete in December 2020. Once all facilities are placed into full commercial service, our maximum transportation capacity on the pipeline is expected to approximate 450 MBPD.
In September 2020, we announced the amendment of certain crude oil transportation agreements and the related cancellation of the Midland-to-ECHO 4 pipeline. In general, the amendments provide for the reduction of near-term pipeline volume commitments in exchange for extending the term of the related transportation agreements and using existing pipeline infrastructure. Cancellation of the Midland-to-ECHO 4 pipeline reduced our growth capital investments by an aggregate $800 million over the years 2020 through 2022. As a result of the cancellation, we recorded an impairment charge of $42.2 million.
In June 2020, we announced the execution of a long-term sales agreement with Marubeni Corporation to supply PGP from our second propane dehydrogenation plant (“PDH 2”), which is currently under construction at our Mont Belvieu complex. Marubeni Corporation is a major Japanese integrated trading and investment business conglomerate and the world’s largest olefins trader. PGP is a primary petrochemical that has global demand growth as a feedstock to manufacture consumer, medical and industrial products that improve the daily lives and protect the health of people around the world.
