SALESFORCE INC report:
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted earnings per share does not include the effect of the following potential outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions): 
The Company has operating leases for corporate offices, data centers, and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates. The leases have remaining terms of 1 year to 23 years, some of which include options to extend for up to 5 years, and some of which include options to terminate within 1 year. 
Operating lease amounts above do not include sublease income. The Company has entered into various sublease agreements with third parties. Under these agreements, the Company expects to receive sublease income of approximately $ 169 million in the next five years and $ 55 million thereafter.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The return on our investment portfolios is an important component of our ability to offer good value to customers, fund business improvements and create value for shareholders. Investment portfolios are held for Property-Liability, Protection Services, Allstate Health and Benefits and Corporate and Other operations. While taking into consideration the investment portfolio in aggregate, management of the underlying portfolios is significantly influenced by the nature of each respective business and its corresponding liability profile. For each business, we identify a strategic asset allocation which considers both the nature of the liabilities and the risk and return characteristics of the various asset classes in which we invest. This allocation is informed by our long-term business and market expectations, as well as other considerations such as risk appetite, portfolio diversification, duration, desired liquidity and capital. Within appropriate ranges relative to strategic allocations, tactical allocations are made in consideration of prevailing and potential future market conditions. We manage risks that involve uncertainty related to interest rates, inflation, credit spreads, equity returns and currency exchange rates. 
The Property-Liability portfolio emphasizes protection of principal and consistent income generation, within a total return framework. This approach has produced competitive returns over the long term and is designed to ensure financial strength and stability for paying claims, while maximizing economic value and surplus growth. Products with lower liquidity needs, such as auto insurance and run-off lines, and capital create capacity to invest in less liquid higher yielding fixed income securities, performance-based investments such as limited partnerships and equity securities. Products with higher liquidity needs, such as homeowners insurance, are invested primarily in high quality liquid fixed income securities. 
The Protection Services portfolio is focused on protection of principal and consistent income generation, within a total return framework. The portfolio is largely comprised of fixed income securities with a lesser allocation to equity securities and short-term investments.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Global Enterprise offers services to large businesses, which are identified based on their size and volume of business with Verizon, as well as non-U.S. public sector customers. In 2019 , Global Enterprise revenues were $10.8 billion , representing approximately 34% of Business’s total revenues. 
Global Enterprise offers a broad portfolio of connectivity, security and professional services designed to enable our customers to optimize their business operations, mitigate business risks and capitalize on data. These services include the following: 
Network Services . We offer a portfolio of network connectivity products to help our customers connect with their employees, partners, vendors, and customers. These products include private networking services, private cloud connectivity services, virtual and software defined networking services, and Internet access services.
