WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company’s content licensing contracts and sports sublicensing deals are licenses of functional intellectual property. The transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations on these contracts was $ 4.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 and is expected to be recognized through 2025. 
The Company’s brand licensing contracts are licenses of symbolic intellectual property. The transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations on these contracts was $ 2.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 and is expected to be recognized through 2043. 
The Company’s advertising contracts are principally generated from the sale of advertising campaigns comprised of multiple commercial units. In contracts with guaranteed impressions, we have identified the overall advertising campaign as the performance obligation to be satisfied over time, and impressions delivered against the satisfaction of our guarantee as the measure of progress. Certain of these arrangements extend beyond one year. The transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations on these long-term contracts was $ 646 million as of December 31, 2022 and is expected to be recognized through 2025.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Refined products pipelines . We own and operate the TE Products Pipeline , which is a 3,038-mile pipeline system comprised of 2,920 miles of regulated interstate pipelines and 118 miles of unregulated intrastate Texas pipelines. The system primarily transports refined products from the upper Texas Gulf Coast to Seymour, Indiana. From Seymour, segments of the TE Products Pipeline extend to Chicago, Illinois; Lima, Ohio; Selkirk, New York; and a location near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. East of Seymour, Indiana, the TE Products Pipeline is primarily dedicated to NGL transportation service. The refined products transported by the TE Products Pipeline are produced by refineries and include motor gasoline and distillates. 
The results of operations for this pipeline system are dependent upon the volume of products transported and the level of fees charged to shippers. The tariffs charged for such services are either contractual or regulated by governmental agencies, including the FERC. See “ Regulatory Matters ” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion for information regarding governmental regulation of our liquids pipelines, including tariffs charged for transportation services.
The maximum number of barrels per day that our TE Products Pipeline can transport depends on the operating balance achieved at a given point in time between various segments of the system (e.g., demand levels at each delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rate of this pipeline in terms of throughput. Aggregate throughput volumes by product type for the TE Products Pipeline were as follows for the years indicated:

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Fair value estimates for private debt placements are calculated using standardized valuation methods, including but not limited to income-based techniques such as discounted cash flow projections or market-based techniques utilizing public and private transaction multiples as comparables. 
Fair value estimates for real estate investments are calculated by investment managers using the present value of future cash flows expected to be received from the investments, based on valuation methodologies such as appraisals, local market conditions, and current and projected operating performance. 
Fair value estimates for certain fixed-income securities such as insurance contracts are calculated based on the future stream of benefit payments discounted using prevailing interest rates based on the valuation date.
