COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The unrealized gains or losses recognized in interest income and other, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income relating to the net changes in the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were immaterial in 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
The Company is exposed to fluctuations in prices for energy, particularly electricity and natural gas, and other commodity products used in retail and manufacturing operations, which it seeks to partially mitigate through the use of fixed-price contracts for certain of its warehouses and other facilities, primarily in the U.S. and Canada. The Company also enters into variable-priced contracts for some purchases of natural gas, in addition to fuel for its gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet the characteristics of derivative instruments, but generally qualify for the “normal purchases and normal sales” exception under authoritative guidance and require no mark-to-market adjustment. 
The functional currencies of the Company’s international subsidiaries are the local currency of the country in which the subsidiary is located. Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Revenues and expenses of the Company’s consolidated foreign operations are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the year.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our primary uses of cash include the creation and acquisition of new content, business acquisitions, repurchases of our capital stock, income taxes, personnel costs, costs to develop and market discovery+, principal and interest payments on our outstanding senior notes, and funding for various equity method and other investments. 
We plan to continue to invest significantly in the creation and acquisition of new content. Our investment in content has increased as we acquire and develop new content for discovery+. Additional information regarding contractual commitments to acquire content is set forth in "Material Cash Requirements from Known Contractual and Other Obligations" in this Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
In July 2021, we issued notices for the redemption in full of all $168 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 3.300% Senior Notes due May 2022 and $62 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 3.500% Senior Notes due June 2022 (collectively, the "2022 Notes"). The 2022 Notes were redeemed in July 2021 for an aggregate redemption price of $235 million, plus accrued interest.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our TE Products Pipeline increased $18.7 million year-to-year primarily due to higher deficiency fee revenues, which accounted for a $26.1 million increase, and higher average transportation fees, which accounted for an additional $8.9 million increase, partially offset by lower transportation volumes, which accounted for an $18.3 million decrease. Transportation volumes on the TE Products Pipeline decreased 79 MBPD primarily due to lower refined products and petrochemical product movements. Gross operating margin from refined products terminals associated with our TE Products Pipeline decreased $12.0 million year-to-year primarily due to higher operating costs, which accounted for a $7.5 million decrease, and lower facility throughput fee revenues, which accounted for an additional $4.5 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our refined products marketing activities increased $9.3 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for an $18.7 million increase, partially offset by lower non-cash mark-to-market earnings, which accounted for an $8.9 million decrease. Non-cash mark-to-market earnings for this business was a loss of $7.2 million in 2019 compared to a $1.7 million gain in 2018.
Gross operating margin from our refined products terminal in Beaumont, Texas decreased $11.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower storage revenues, which accounted for a $7.7 million decrease, and lower terminaling volumes of 23 MBPD, which accounted for an additional $3.3 million decrease.
