BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Interest Rate Derivatives —Interest rate derivatives used by us as hedging instruments are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. Certain of these swap agreements may be designated as fair value hedges. The carrying amount of the associated hedged debt is also adjusted through earnings for changes in the fair value arising from changes in benchmark interest rates. We may enter into interest rate swap agreements for the purpose of managing certain of our interest rate exposures. We may also enter into interest rate basis swap agreements that do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. The impact of changes in fair value of these instruments is primarily presented in interest expense. 
Commodity Derivatives —We primarily use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to movements associated with agricultural commodity prices. We generally use exchange traded futures and options contracts to minimize the effects of changes in the prices of agricultural commodities held as inventories or subject to forward purchase and sale contracts, but may also enter into OTC commodity transactions, including swaps, which are settled in cash at maturity or termination based on exchange-quoted futures prices. Changes in fair values of exchange traded futures contracts, representing the unrealized gains and/or losses on these instruments, are settled daily, generally through our 100% owned futures clearing subsidiary. Forward purchase and sale contracts are primarily settled through delivery of agricultural commodities. While we consider these exchange traded futures and forward purchase and sale contracts to be effective economic hedges, we do not designate or account for the majority of our commodity contracts as hedges. Changes in fair values of these contracts and related RMI are included in Cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income. The forward contracts require performance of both us and the contract counterparty in future periods. Contracts to purchase agricultural commodities generally relate to current or future crop years for delivery periods quoted by regulated commodity exchanges. Contracts for the sale of agricultural commodities generally do not extend beyond one future crop cycle. 
Ocean Freight Derivatives —We use derivative instruments referred to as freight forward agreements, or FFAs, and FFA options to hedge portions of our current and anticipated ocean freight costs. Changes in the fair values of ocean freight derivatives are recorded in Cost of goods sold.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising, formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers’ products may increase competitive pressure. 
These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes care products for people with diabetes, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. Medical devices are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the United States, depending upon the product, medical devices are generally marketed and sold directly to wholesalers, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, physicians’ offices, and distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. 
• rhythm management products, including Assurity MRI ® and Endurity MRI ® pacemaker systems, and Aveir ® VR single-chamber VR leadless pacemaker system; Ellipse ® , Fortify Assura ® , and Gallant ® implantable cardioverter defibrillators and Gallant and Quadra Assura MP ® implantable cardioverter defibrillator with cardiac resynchronization therapy and MultiPoint™ Pacing technology; and Confirm Rx ® and Jot Dx ® implantable cardiac monitors;

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe the business of business is improving the state of the world for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, partners, employees, community, environment and society. We are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future by delivering a carbon neutral cloud, operating as a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company and by working to achieve our goal of 100 percent renewable energy for our global operations by fiscal 2022. We also believe consistent, comparable and reliable disclosures around climate-related risks and opportunities are important. To this end, we are working to align with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board's ("FSB") Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") and of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB"). In addition, we have spearheaded human capital management initiatives to drive equality in four key areas: equal rights, equal pay, equal education and equal opportunity. We also pioneered and have inspired other companies to adopt our 1-1-1 integrated philanthropy model, which leverages one percent of a company’s equity, employee time and product to help improve communities around the world. We publish an annual stakeholder impact report on our website detailing our overall strategy relating to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) programs as well as our efforts in these areas. 
In fiscal 2019, we remained a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company, continued delivering a carbon neutral cloud for all customers and procured electricity from renewable energy resources equivalent to 55 percent of what we used globally. To support our commitment to renewable energy, we have signed four virtual power purchase agreements (“VPPAs”). This includes two agreements which were signed in fiscal 2019: our largest VPPA to date with a new wind energy project in Illinois that is expected to be operational in fiscal year 2020, and our first-ever renewable energy aggregation deal with a new solar energy project in North Carolina which is expected to be operational in fiscal 2021. In addition, the three buildings at our corporate headquarters in San Francisco sourced 100 percent renewable energy in fiscal 2019. 
We are active in and support organizations that move the United States and the world toward a more sustainable, low-carbon future. In fiscal 2019, we partnered with Mission 2020 to establish the Step Up Declaration, a new alliance committed to harnessing the power of emerging technologies to help reduce emissions across all economic sectors. As part of the declaration we committed to expand our carbon offset program to include business travel and employee commuting, and to continue to expand our sustainable real estate commitments. We also committed to setting our own science-based targets, including working with our suppliers to set their own climate targets. In addition, we were a founding member of the Business Renewables Center, signed the Corporate Renewable Energy Buyers’ Principles, helped to launch the Corporate Colocation and Cloud Buyers’ Principles, disclosed our annual carbon emissions to the Carbon Disclosure Project and signed on to initiatives such as We Mean Business and the American Business Act on Climate.
