WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company has two series of preferred stock authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2019 : Series A-1 convertible preferred stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. Series A-1 convertible preferred stock is convertible into nine shares of our Series A common stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is convertible into 19.3648 shares of our Series C common stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. Shares of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock may be independently converted into Series A common stock and Series C common, respectively. 
As of December 31, 2019 , all outstanding shares of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock were held by Advance/Newhouse. Holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock have equal rights, powers and privileges, except as otherwise noted. Except for the election of common stock directors, the holders of Series A-1 convertible preferred stock are entitled to vote on matters to which holders of Series A and Series B common stock are entitled to vote, and holders of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock are entitled to vote on matters to which holders of Series C common stock, which is generally non-voting, are entitled to vote pursuant to Delaware law. Series A-1 convertible preferred stockholders vote on an as converted to common stock basis together with the Series A and Series B common stockholders as a single class on all matters except the election of directors. Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is considered the economic equivalent of Series C common stock and is subject to certain transfer restrictions. 
Additionally, through its ownership of the Series A-1 convertible preferred stock, Advance/Newhouse has special voting rights on certain matters and the right to elect three directors. Holders of the Company’s common stock are not entitled to vote in the election of such directors. Advance/Newhouse retains these rights so long as it or its permitted transferees own or have the right to vote such shares that equal at least 80 % of the shares of Series A convertible preferred stock issued to Advance/Newhouse in connection with the formation of Discovery, as converted to Series A-1 convertible preferred stock, plus any Series A-1 convertible preferred stock released from escrow, as may be adjusted for certain capital transactions. Holders of Series A-1 convertible preferred stock are subject to a right of first offer in favor of Discovery should Advance/Newhouse desire to sell 80 % or more of the Series A-1 convertible preferred stock in a “Permitted Transfer” (as defined in the Discovery charter).

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2019, we completed the conversion of the Midland-to-Sealy segment of one of our two Seminole NGL pipelines from NGL service to crude oil service, thus creating the Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline. The pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 444 miles to our Sealy terminal, with crude oil volumes arriving at Sealy transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline. The Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipeline, which was placed into limited service in February 2019 and full service in April 2019, provides us with up to 225 MBPD of incremental crude oil transportation capacity. We retain the flexibility to convert this pipeline back to NGL service should future market conditions support the need for additional NGL transportation capacity out of the Permian Basin.
In July 2019, we announced an expansion of our Midland-to-ECHO System that we refer to as the “Midland-to-ECHO 3” pipeline, which is comprised of a 36-inch pipeline we are currently constructing from Midland, Texas to our ECHO terminal and further to a third-party terminal in Webster, Texas (“Midland-to-Webster”). We expect the Midland-to-ECHO segment of Midland-to-Webster to be placed into service during the third quarter of 2020, with the ECHO-to-Webster segment following in the fourth quarter of 2020. Prior to completion of the ECHO-to-Webster segment, our transportation capacity will be 200 MBPD. Once Midland-to-Webster is placed into full commercial service, our transportation capacity is expected to increase to approximately 450 MBPD. We proportionately consolidate our 29% undivided interest in Midland-to-Webster.
In October 2019, we announced plans to construct a fourth pipeline (the “Midland-to-ECHO 4” pipeline) that will connect our Midland terminal with our ECHO terminal in Houston, Texas by utilizing existing segments of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System along with new construction. The Midland-to-ECHO 4 pipeline is expected to be completed and placed into service during the second quarter of 2021 and have an initial transportation capacity of 450 MBPD (expandable up to 540 MBPD).

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
the distinction between FERC-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services has been the subject of substantial litigation and varying interpretations, so the classification and regulation of our gathering facilities could be subject to change based on future determinations by the FERC, the courts and Congress. State regulation of gathering facilities generally includes various safety, environmental and, in some circumstances, nondiscriminatory take requirements and complaint-based rate regulation. 
In Texas, our gathering facilities are subject to regulation by the TRRC under the Texas Utilities Code in the same manner as described above for our intrastate pipeline facilities. Louisiana’s Pipeline Operations Section of the Department of Natural Resources’ Office of Conservation is generally responsible for regulating intrastate pipelines and gathering facilities in Louisiana and has authority to review and authorize natural gas transportation transactions and the construction, acquisition, abandonment and interconnection of physical facilities. 
Historically, apart from pipeline safety, Louisiana has not acted to exercise this jurisdiction respecting gathering facilities. In Louisiana, our Chalkley System is regulated as an intrastate transporter, and the Louisiana Office of Conservation has determined that our Whiskey Bay System is a gathering system.
