ALLSTATE CORP report:
Any potential changes in assumptions discussed above are measured without consideration of correlation among assumptions. Therefore, it would be inappropriate to add them together in an attempt to estimate overall variability in amortization . 
Evaluation of goodwill for impairment Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired, less any impairment of goodwill recognized. Goodwill is recognized when acquired and allocated to reporting units based on which unit is expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Our goodwill reporting units are equivalent to our reportable segments: Allstate Protection, Protection Services, Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits to which goodwill has been assigned. 
Upon acquisition, the purchase price of the acquired business is assumed to be its fair value. Subsequently, we estimate the fair value of our businesses in each goodwill reporting unit, utilizing a combination of widely accepted valuation techniques including a stock price and market capitalization analysis, discounted cash flow (“DCF”) calculations and an estimate of a business’s fair value using market to book multiples derived from peer company analysis. The stock price and market capitalization analysis takes into consideration the quoted market price of our outstanding common stock and includes a control premium, derived from relevant historical acquisition activity, in determining the estimated fair value of the consolidated entity before allocating that fair value to individual reporting units. The DCF analysis utilizes long term assumptions for revenues, investment income, benefits, claims, other operating expenses and income taxes to produce projections of both income and cash flows available for dividends that are present valued using the weighted average cost of capital. Market to book multiples represent the mean market to book multiple for selected peer companies with operations similar to our goodwill reporting units to which the multiple is applied. The outputs from these methods are weighted based on the nature of the business and the relative amount of market observable assumptions supporting the estimates. The computed values are then weighted to reflect the fair value estimate based on the specific attributes of each goodwill reporting unit.

BOEING CO report:
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded valuation allowances of $ 3,162 and $ 2,423 primarily for certain federal deferred tax assets, as well as for certain federal and state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. To measure the valuation allowance, the Company estimated in what year each of its deferred tax assets and liabilities would reverse using systematic and logical methods to estimate the reversal patterns. Based on these methods, deferred tax liabilities are assumed to reverse and generate taxable income over the next 5 to 10 years while deferred tax assets related to pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are assumed to reverse and generate tax deductions over the next 15 to 20 years. The valuation allowance primarily results from not having sufficient income from deferred tax liability reversals in the appropriate future periods to support the realization of deferred tax assets. 
The increase in the valuation allowance during 2022 is primarily due to tax credits and other carryforwards generated in 2022 that cannot be realized in 2022. During 2022, the Company increased the valuation allowance by $ 739 . This reflects a tax expense of $ 1,199 recorded in continuing operations and an increase of $ 18 related to the associated federal benefit of state impacts. This was partially offset by a tax benefit of $ 478 included in OCI primarily due to the net actuarial gains that resulted from the annual remeasurement of pension assets and liabilities. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) one-time repatriation tax and Global Intangible Low Tax Income liabilities effectively taxed the undistributed earnings previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. We have not provided for deferred income taxes on the undistributed earnings from certain non-U.S. subsidiaries because such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. If such earnings were to be distributed, any deferred income taxes would not be significant.

SALESFORCE INC report:
No single customer accounted for more than five percent of accounts receivable at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. No single customer accounted for five percent or more of total revenue during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, assets located outside the Americas were 15 percent and 13 percent of total assets, respectively. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, assets located in the United States were 83 percent and 86 percent of total assets, respectively. 
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio, including within specific industries, as the Company primarily invests in enterprise cloud companies, technology st artups and system integrators. As of January 31, 2023, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments portfolio and represented 16 percent of the portfolio in aggregate. As of January 31, 2022, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its strategic investment portfolio and represented 21 percent of the portfolio in aggregate. 
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: subscription and support revenues and professional services and other revenues. Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software license revenues from the sales of term and perpetual licenses and support revenues from the sales of support and updates beyond the basic subscription fees or related to the sales of software licenses. Professional services and other revenues include professional and advisory services for process mapping, project management and implementation services and training services.
