BOEING CO report:
We record a liability in Accrued liabilities for the fair value of guarantees. For credit guarantees, the liability is equal to the present value of the expected loss. We determine the expected loss by multiplying the creditor’s default rate by the guarantee amount reduced by the expected recovery, if applicable. At inception of a guarantee, and adjusted each quarter, we also recognize a liability for the expected contingent loss. 
Effective at the beginning of 2020, certain programs were realigned between our BDS segment and Unallocated items, eliminations and other. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows: 
As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, we had indefinite-lived intangible assets with carrying amounts of $ 197 relating to trade names. During 2019, we recorded an impairment of $ 293 within Cost of Sales, as a result of our decision to retire the Aviall brand and trade name. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, we had an indefinite-lived intangible asset with a carrying amount of $ 202 related to in process research and development for a next-generation air vehicle.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans (“OPEB”) Pension plan obligations within the next 12 months represent our planned contributions to certain unfunded non-qualified plans where the benefit obligation exceeds the assets. Obligations beyond 12 months are projected based on the average remaining service period using the current underfunded status of the plans. The OPEB plans’ obligations are estimated based on the expected benefits to be paid. See Note 18 of the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
Reserves for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense represent estimated amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including claims that have been IBNR as of the balance sheet date. E stimated timing of payments for reserves is based on our historical experience and our expectation of future payment patterns. The ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded amounts that are our best estimates. See Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates section of the MD&A for further information. 
Reserve for future policy benefits We estimate the present value of cash payments to be made to contractholders and policyholders. We are currently making payments for contracts where the timing of a portion or all of the payments has been determined by the contract. Contracts such as voluntary accident and health insurance, interest-sensitive life and traditional life insurance involve payment obligations where a portion or all of the amount and timing of future payments is uncertain. We have estimated the timing of payments related to these contracts based on historical experience and our expectation of future payment patterns. Uncertainties relating to these liabilities include mortality, morbidity, expenses, customer lapse and withdrawal activity, estimated additional deposits for interest-sensitive life contracts, and renewal premium for life policies, which may significantly impact both the timing and amount of future payments. See Note 10 of the consolidated financial statements for further information.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Products —Our refined and specialty oil products include packaged and bulk oils and fats, including cooking oils, shortenings, margarines, mayonnaise, renewable diesel feedstocks, and other products derived from the vegetable oil refining process. We primarily use soybean, sunflower, rapeseed and canola oil that we produce in our Agribusiness segment processing operations as raw materials in this business. We also refine and fractionate palm oil, palm kernel oil, coconut oil, and shea butter, and blend and refine olive oil. Additionally, we produce specialty ingredients derived from vegetable oils, such as lecithin, which is used as an emulsifier in a broad range of food products. We are a leading seller of packaged vegetable oils worldwide, based on sales. We have refined and specialty oils refining and packaging facilities in North America, South America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Africa. Our refined and specialty oils business comprises our wholly-owned refined oils business in North America, other business to business ("B2B") and business to consumer ("B2C") specialty oils offerings in South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, as well as Bunge Loders Croklaan ("Loders"), which itself is represented by our 80% ownership interest in the Bunge Loders Croklaan joint venture with IOI Corporation Berhad. 
In Brazil, our retail edible oil brands include Soya , the leading consumer packaged vegetable oil brand, as well as Primor, Leve, and Salada . Further, we are a leading supplier of shortenings to the food processor market and also produce staple food products. 
In the United States and Canada, we offer food manufacturers, bakeries, confectionary, and food service operators high-quality solutions to fit their goals, such as delivering desired tastes and textures, or reducing saturated fats in their products. Our products include trans-fat free high-oleic canola oil, which is low in saturated fats, and high-oleic soybean oil, which is highly stable and trans-fat free. We have also developed proprietary fiber addition processes that allow bakery and food processor customers to achieve significant saturated fat reductions in shortenings. We also produce margarines and buttery spreads, including our leading Country Premium brand, for food service, food processor and retail private label customers. Additionally, we sell refined vegetable oils as feedstock to the growing renewable diesel sector.
