WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In June 2021, DCL entered into a multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the “Revolving Credit Agreement”), replacing the existing $ 2.5 billion credit agreement, dated February 4, 2016, as amended, among DCL, the Company, certain lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. DCL has the capacity to borrow up to $ 6.0 billion under the Revolving Credit Agreement (the “Credit Facility”). The Revolving Credit Agreement includes a $ 150 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit. DCL may also request additional commitments up to $ 1.0 billion from the lenders upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. Obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement are unsecured and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company, Scripps Networks, and WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. The Credit Facility will be available on a revolving basis until June 2026, with an option for up to two additional 364 -day renewal periods subject to the lenders’ consent. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as affirmative and negative covenants. 
Additionally, the Company's commercial paper program is supported by the Credit Facility. Under the commercial paper program, the Company may issue up to $ 1.5 billion, including up to $ 500 million of euro-denominated borrowings. Borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility is effectively reduced by any outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program. 
The Revolving Credit Agreement and Term Loan Credit Agreement (together, the “Credit Agreements”) include financial covenants that require the Company to maintain a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 3.00 to 1.00 and a maximum adjusted consolidated leverage ratio of 5.75 to 1.00 following the closing of the Merger, with step-downs to 5.00 to 1.00 and 4.50 to 1.00 on the first and second anniversaries of the closing, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, DCL and WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. were in compliance with all covenants and there were no events of default under the Credit Agreements.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In March 2018, we acquired the remaining 50% member interest in our Delaware Basin Gas Processing LLC (“Delaware Processing”) joint venture for $150.6 million in cash, net of $3.9 million of cash held by the former joint venture. Delaware Processing owns a cryogenic natural gas processing facility (our “Waha” gas plant) having a capacity of 150 MMcf/d. The Waha plant is located in Reeves County, Texas and entered service in August 2016. The acquired business serves growing production of NGL-rich natural gas from the Delaware Basin in West Texas and southern New Mexico. For information regarding this acquisition, see Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
In January 2018, we announced plans to expand our butane isomerization facility by up to 30 MBPD of incremental capacity. The expansion is supported by long-term agreements to provide butane isomerization, storage and related pipeline services. We currently expect this project to be completed during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
We provide midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products. Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are contingent on the supply of and demand for the energy commodities we handle across our integrated midstream energy asset network. The following information presents our views on key midstream energy supply and demand fundamentals as they impact our operations going into 2019.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The number of shares that we ultimately repurchase under our share repurchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic or business conditions and board and management discretion. Additionally, our share repurchase activity during any particular period may fluctuate. We may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue our share repurchase program at any time, without notice. 
We paid dividends of $1,826 million in 2021, $1,678 million in 2020 and $1,542 million in 2019. On July 27, 2021, the Finance Committee, with authorization delegated from our Board of Directors, declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.35 per share of Class A Common Stock, an increase of 11 percent, which would be $1.40 per common share on an annualized basis. In 2020, our quarterly cash dividend increased from $0.285 to $0.315 per share of Class A Common Stock, an increase of 11 percent, and in 2019, our quarterly cash dividend increased from $0.26 to $0.285 per share of Class A Common Stock, an increase of 10 percent. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant to its analysis and decision making. 
For U.S. income tax purposes only, the Company has determined that 100% of the distributions paid to its shareholders in 2021 are characterized as a qualified dividend paid from U.S. earnings and profits. Shareholders should consult their tax advisors for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the receipt of dividends.
