ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We have implemented procedures designed to ensure that governmental environmental approvals for both existing operations and those under construction are updated as circumstances require. Historically, our environmental compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition; however, there can be no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future. For example, we cannot be certain that identification of presently unidentified conditions, more rigorous enforcement by regulatory agencies, enactment of more stringent environmental laws and regulations or unanticipated events will not arise in the future and give rise to environmental liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Uncertainty about the future course of regulation continues to exist following the change in U.S. presidential administrations in January 2021. Upon taking office, the Biden Administration issued an executive order directing all federal agencies to review and take action to address any federal regulations promulgated during the prior administration that may be inconsistent with the current administration’s policies. As a result, several regulatory developments have occurred, but it remains unclear the degree to which this will continue. The executive order also established an Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases (“Working Group”), which is called on to, among other things, develop methodologies for calculating the “social cost of carbon,” “social cost of nitrous oxide” and “social cost of methane.” During 2021, the Working Group published interim estimates of the social costs of carbon, methane, and nitrous oxide and sought public comment on these estimates. The Working Group’s final recommendations are expected in early 2022. Further regulation of air emissions, as well as uncertainty 
regarding the future course of regulation, could eventually reduce the demand for oil and natural gas and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling. For example, we see significant opportunity to increase adoption of multiple offerings among our existing customers, including our largest enterprise customers and small businesses. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customer experience with new products, features and functionality and additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. We also seek to expand all editions of our offerings with new features, functions and increased security through our own development, acquisitions and partnerships. In addition, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to focus innovations and enhancements where our customers need it the most. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities globally. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to increase our investment in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Expanding into new categories and verticals. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories driven by our existing and potential customers’ needs, including analytics, e-commerce, collaboration, integration and workforce management, and expect to continue this type of category expansion in the future. For example, in fiscal 2022, as a result of customer input and demand, we introduced our Health & Safety Solution, or Dreampass, which helps companies safely return to work, travel, manage contact tracing, and also helps governments, healthcare providers, nonprofits, and organizations distribute vaccines around the world. We also introduced Net Zero Cloud, which helps customers analyze and report on their carbon footprint and provide actionable insights on emissions data in order to create long-term, sustainable value. In addition, to better meet the needs of our customers, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. These solutions help to expand our potential customer base and help to attract new customers.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Represents enforceable and legally binding agreements to purchase goods or services as of December 31, 2019. The estimated payment obligations are based on contractual prices in effect at December 31, 2019 applied to all future volume commitments. Actual future payment obligations may vary depending on prices at the time of delivery.
Represents unconditional payment obligations for services to be rendered or products to be delivered in connection with our capital expenditures, including our share of the capital expenditures of unconsolidated affiliates.
Primarily represents the Liquidity Option liability, the noncurrent portion of asset retirement obligations and deferred revenues. We expect that the Liquidity Option will be replaced with a long-term deferred tax liability of similar amount upon exercise of the Liquidity Option. For a discussion of the Liquidity Option and the effects of the option exercise, see Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
