ALLSTATE CORP report:
Realized capital gains and losses include gains and losses on investment sales, write-downs in value due to other-than-temporary declines in fair value, adjustments to valuation allowances on mortgage loans and agent loans, valuation changes of equity investments, including equity securities and certain limited partnerships where the underlying assets are predominately public equity securities, and periodic changes in fair value and settlements of certain derivatives, including hedge ineffectiveness. Realized capital gains and losses on investment sales are determined on a specific identification basis. 
Derivative financial instruments include interest rate swaps, credit default swaps, futures (interest rate and equity), options (including swaptions), interest rate caps, warrants and rights, foreign currency swaps, 
foreign currency forwards, total return swaps and certain investment risk transfer reinsurance agreements. Derivatives required to be separated from the host instrument and accounted for as derivative financial instruments (“subject to bifurcation”) are embedded in equity-indexed life and annuity contracts and reinsured variable annuity contracts.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We pursue our objective by utilizing foreign currency forward contracts to offset foreign exchange risk. Our foreign currency forward contracts are generally short-term in duration. We neither use these foreign currency forward contracts for trading purposes nor do we currently designate these forward contracts as hedging instruments pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, we record the fair values of these contracts as of the end of our reporting period to our consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair values recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. Given the short duration of the forward contracts, the amount recorded is not significant. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or loss on our foreign currency forward contracts and other factors. 
Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, revenues, operating expenses and cash flows that we report for our foreign subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into USD. Although the USD fluctuated against certain international currencies throughout the year, the amounts of revenue that we reported in USD for foreign subsidiaries that transact in international currencies were similar to what we would have reported during fiscal 2020 using a constant currency rate. However, fluctuations in USD against certain international currencies over the past several months modestly benefited our remaining performance obligation as of January 31, 2021 compared to what we would have reported as of January 31, 2020 using constant currency rate. 
We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $12.0 billion as of January 31, 2021. This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.

BOEING CO report:
Commercial aircraft financing commitments include commitments to provide financing related to aircraft on order, under option for deliveries or proposed as part of sales campaigns or refinancing with respect to delivered aircraft, based on estimated earliest potential funding dates. Based on historical experience, we anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments. However, there can be no assurances that we will not be required to fund greater amounts than historically required. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Environmental Remediation We are involved with various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability of $565 million at December 31, 2020. For additional information, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (GAAP) which we supplement with certain non-GAAP financial information. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share exclude the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. The FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the FAS pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Core earnings per share excludes both the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment and non-operating pension and postretirement expenses. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with GAAP are allocated to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid.
