ALLSTATE CORP report:
For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized $ 1.11 billion of property and casualty insurance premiums for Protection Services that were included in the unearned premium balance as of December 31, 2019. 
Premium installment receivables represent premiums written and not yet collected, net of the credit loss allowance for uncollectible premiums. These receivables are primarily outstanding for one year or less. The Company utilizes historical internal data including aging analyses to estimate allowances under current conditions and for the forecast period. The Company regularly evaluates and updates the data and adjusts its allowance as appropriate. 
2020 Beginning balance $ ( 153 ) $ ( 91 ) Increase in the provision for credit losses ( 293 ) ( 223 ) Write-off of uncollectible premium installment receivable amounts 339   161   Ending balance $ ( 107 ) $ ( 153 )

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The spectrum licenses we hold can be used for mobile wireless voice, video and data communications services. We are licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to provide these wireless services on portions of the 800 MHz band, also known as cellular spectrum, the 1800-1900 MHz band, also known as Personal Communication Services (PCS) spectrum, portions of the 700 MHz upper C band and AWS 1 and 3 spectrum in the 1700 and 2100 MHz bands, in areas that, collectively, cover nearly all of the population of the U.S. This spectrum is collectively called low and mid-band spectrum. 
In addition to our low and mid-band spectrum, we have spectrum licenses in the 28 and 39 Gigahertz (GHz) band, collectively called millimeter-wave spectrum. In 2017, we entered into transactions to acquire NextLink and Straight Path, each of which held millimeter-wave spectrum licenses. The NextLink acquisition closed in January 2018 and the Straight Path acquisition closed in February 2018. The spectrum acquired as part of these transactions is being used for our 5G technology deployment. 
In January 2015, the FCC completed an auction of 65 MHz of spectrum in the AWS-3 band. We participated in that auction and were the high bidder on 181 spectrum licenses, for which we paid cash of approximately $10.4 billion. The FCC granted us these spectrum licenses in April 2015.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Foreign currency derivative contracts are marked-to-market at the end of each reporting period with gains and losses recognized as other expense to offset the gains or losses resulting from the settlement or remeasurement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the obligations of the Company to the counterparties. 
The Company measures its cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts at fair value. In addition, the Company measures its strategic investments, including its publicly held equity securities, privately held debt securities and privately held equity securities for which there has been an observable price change in a same or similar security, at fair value. The additional disclosures regarding the Company’s fair value measurements are included in Note 5 “Fair Value Measurement.” 
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts and any loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses.
