ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
to assess or seek civil penalties in excess of $1.1 million per day per violation, to order disgorgement of profits and to recommend criminal penalties. Should we violate the anti-market manipulation laws and regulations, we could also be subject to related third-party damage claims by, among others, sellers, royalty owners and taxing authorities.   
Failure to comply with the NGA, the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the CEA and the other federal laws and regulations governing our operations and business activities can result in the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal remedies. 
Regulation of Intrastate Natural Gas and NGL Pipelines . Intrastate transportation of natural gas and NGLs is largely regulated by the state in which such transportation takes place. To the extent that our intrastate natural gas transportation systems transport natural gas in interstate commerce, the rates and terms and conditions of such services are subject to FERC jurisdiction under Section 311 of the Natural Gas Policy Act (“NGPA”). The NGPA regulates, among other things, the provision of transportation services by an intrastate natural gas pipeline on behalf of a local distribution company or an interstate natural gas pipeline. The rates and terms and conditions of some transportation and storage services provided on the Oasis pipeline, HPL System, ETC Katy pipeline, ET Fuel System, Trans-Pecos and Comanche Trail are subject to FERC regulation pursuant to Section 311 of the NGPA. Under Section 311, rates charged for intrastate transportation must be fair and equitable, and amounts collected in excess of fair and equitable rates are subject to refund with interest. The terms and conditions of service set forth in the intrastate facility’s statement of operating conditions are also subject to FERC review and approval. Should the FERC determine not to authorize rates equal to or greater than our currently approved Section 311 rates, our business may be adversely affected. Failure to observe the service limitations applicable to transportation and storage services under Section 311, failure to comply with the rates approved by the FERC for Section 311 service, and failure to comply with the terms and conditions of service established in the pipeline’s FERC-approved statement of operating conditions could result in an alteration of jurisdictional status, and/or the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal remedies.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Divestitures include completed sales of businesses and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. See Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for information on divestitures and acquisitions impacting the comparability of our results. 
Constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. 
Non-GAAP adjustments related to the Simplify to Grow Program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. Costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-GAAP adjustments.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers’ needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. As a result of customer feedback, in fiscal 2023 we developed Genie, which allows our customers to ingest, transform, harmonize, unify and visualize data across all of our industry solutions in real time. 
Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Customer 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based apps. These apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries.
