SALESFORCE INC report:
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 
• modern low-code and no code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; 
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings, providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities:

BOEING CO report:
The U.S. Government continues to impose and/or consider imposing sanctions on certain businesses and individuals in Russia. Although our operations or sales in Russia have not been impacted to date, we continue to monitor additional sanctions that may be imposed by the U.S. Government and any responses from Russia that could affect our supply chain, business partners or customers. 
The U.S. and European Union (EU) have been engaged in two long-running disputes at the World Trade Organization (WTO) relating to large civil aircraft. As part of those disputes, in October 2019, the WTO authorized the U.S. to impose approximately $7.50 billion in annual tariffs on EU products in connection with the EU’s provision of eight instances of launch aid subsidies to Airbus. The U.S. is currently imposing 15% tariffs on new Airbus airplanes imported into the U.S. as well as fuselages that Airbus manufactures in Europe and imports into the U.S. In October 2020, the WTO authorized the EU to impose approximately $3.99 billion in annual tariffs on U.S. products in connection with a tax incentive used by Boeing in Washington state that has since been repealed. The EU is currently imposing 15% tariffs on Boeing airplanes imported into the EU. We will continue to assess and work with our customers on the possible impact of these tariffs, as deliveries to European customers are expected to increase in 2021. 
Airline Industry Environment See Overview to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the impacts of COVID-19 on the airline industry environment.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Potential reserve estimate variability   The aggregation of numerous micro-level estimates for each business segment, line of insurance, major components of losses (such as coverages and perils), and major states or groups of states for reported losses and IBNR forms the reserve liability recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Because of this detailed approach to developing our reserve estimates, there is not a single set of assumptions that determines our reserve estimates at the consolidated level. Given the numerous micro-level estimates for reported losses and IBNR, management does not believe the processes that we follow will produce a statistically credible or reliable actuarial reserve range that would be meaningful. Reserve estimates, by their very nature, are very complex to determine and subject to significant judgment, and do not represent an exact determination for each outstanding claim. Accordingly, as actual claims, paid losses, and/or case reserve results emerge, our estimate of the ultimate cost to settle will be different than previously estimated. 
To develop a statistical indication of potential reserve variability within reasonably likely possible outcomes, an actuarial technique (stochastic modeling) is applied to the countrywide consolidated data elements for paid losses and paid losses combined with case reserves separately for injury losses, auto physical damage losses, and homeowners losses excluding catastrophe losses. Based on the combined historical variability of the development factors calculated for these data elements, an estimate of the standard error or standard deviation around these reserve estimates is calculated within each accident year for the last twelve years for each type of loss. The variability of these reserve estimates within one standard deviation of the mean (a measure of frequency of dispersion often viewed to be an acceptable level of accuracy) is believed by management to represent a reasonable and statistically probable measure of potential variability. Based on our products and coverages, historical experience, the statistical credibility of our extensive data and stochastic modeling of actuarial chain ladder methodologies used to develop reserve estimates, we estimate that the potential variability of our Allstate Protection reserves, excluding reserves for catastrophe losses, within a reasonable probability of other possible outcomes, may be approximately plus or minus 4%, or plus or minus $750 million in net income applicable to common shareholders. A lower level of variability exists for auto injury losses, which comprise approximately 80% of reserves, due to their relatively stable development patterns over a longer duration of time required to settle claims. Other types of losses, such as auto physical damage, homeowners losses and other personal lines losses, which comprise about 20% of reserves, tend to have greater variability but are 
settled in a much shorter period of time. Although this evaluation reflects most reasonably likely outcomes, it is possible the final outcome may fall below or above these amounts. Historical variability of reserve estimates is reported in the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves section of the MD&A.
