BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Effective January 1, 2022, we changed our methodology for reporting volumetric data for our reportable segments to simplify and more closely align our volume reporting with our primary income-generating activities. The primary change comprises the elimination of grain and oilseed volumes originated from our suppliers. Volumes are now reported as follows: 
• In our Agribusiness segment, reported Processing volumes comprise oilseed volumes crushed (processed) during a period, which approximate sales volumes to third parties during the same period. Reported Merchandising volumes represent sales volumes to third party customers. 
• No volumes are reported for our Sugar and Bioenergy segment, which primarily comprises the Company's net earnings from its 50% interest in BP Bunge Bioenergia, or our Corporate and Other activities, which have no material revenue-generating activities.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
PLIGA annually collects a UCJF assessment from all admitted property and casualty insurers writing motor vehicle liability insurance in New Jersey for UCJF indemnification and expenses. UCJF assessments can be expensed as losses recoverable in rates as 
North Carolina Reinsurance Facility The NCRF provides automobile liability insurance to drivers that insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. All insurers licensed to write automobile insurance in North Carolina are members of the NCRF. Premiums, losses and expenses are assigned to the NCRF. North Carolina law allows the NCRF to recoup operating losses for certain insureds through a surcharge to policyholders. As of September 30, 2020, the NCRF reported a deficit of $ 125 million in members’ equity. The NCRF implemented a loss recoupment surcharge on all private passenger and commercial fleet policies effective October 1, 2020, through September 30, 2021. Member companies are assessed the recoupment surcharge. The loss recoupment surcharge will be adjusted on October 1, 2021 and discontinued once losses are recovered. The NCRF results are shared by the member companies in proportion to their respective North Carolina automobile liability writings. For the fiscal year ending September 30, 2020, net loss was $ 15 million, including $ 1.10 billion of earned premiums, $ 170 million of certain private passenger auto risk recoupment and $ 69.7 million of member loss recoupments. As of December 31, 2020, the NCRF recoverables on paid claims is $ 8.6 million and recoverables on unpaid claims is $ 58.4 million. Paid recoverable balances, if covered, are typically settled within sixty days of monthly filing. 
Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund Allstate subsidiaries Castle Key Insurance Company (“CKIC”) and Castle Key Indemnity Company (“CKI”, and together with CKIC, “Castle Key”) participate in the mandatory coverage provided by the FHCF and therefore have access to reimbursement for certain qualifying Florida hurricane losses from the FHCF. Castle Key has exposure to assessments and pays annual premiums to the FHCF for this reimbursement protection. The FHCF has the authority to issue bonds to pay its obligations to participating insurers in excess of its capital balances. Payment of these bonds is funded by emergency assessments on all property and casualty premiums in the state, except workers’ compensation, medical malpractice, accident and health insurance and policies written under the National Flood Insurance Program (“NFIP”). The FHCF emergency assessments are limited to 6 % of premiums per year beginning the first year in which reimbursements require bonding, and up to a total of 10 % of premiums per year for assessments in the second and subsequent years, if required to fund additional bonding. The FHCF issued $ 2.00 billion in pre-event bonds in 2013 to build its capacity to reimburse member companies’ claims. The FHCF plans to fund these pre-event bonds through current FHCF cash flows. Pursuant to an Order issued by the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation, the emergency assessment is zero for all policies issued or renewed on or after January 1, 2015.

BOEING CO report:
Aircraft values and lease rates are impacted by the number and type of aircraft that are currently out of service. Approximately 4,950 western-built commercial jet aircraft (18.3% of current world fleet) were parked at the end of 2022, including both in-production and out-of-production aircraft types. Of these parked aircraft, a larger portion are expected to be retired compared to the pre-COVID-19 period, which directly impacts the Company in terms of number of new aircraft deliveries and financing opportunities, the ability of existing customers to meet current payment obligations and the value of aircraft in its portfolio. We continue to work closely with our customers to mitigate the risk. At the end of 2021 and 2020, 20.5% and 29.4% of the western-built commercial jet aircraft were parked. Aircraft valuations could decline if significant numbers of additional aircraft, particularly types with relatively few operators, are placed out of service. See Overview to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the airline industry environment. 
BCC segment revenues consist principally of lease income from equipment under operating lease, interest income from financing receivables and notes, and other income. BCC’s revenues in 2022 decreased by $73 million compared with 2021 primarily due to lower gains on re-lease of assets. 
BCC’s earnings from operations is presented net of interest expense, provision for (recovery of) losses, asset impairment expense, depreciation on leased equipment and other operating expenses. In 2022, earnings from operations decreased by $77 million compared with 2021, primarily due to an increase in the allowance for losses on receivables as a result of the war in Ukraine and lower revenues. Earnings from operations in 2021 increased by $43 million compared with 2020 primarily due to higher revenues, lower provision for losses, and lower interest and asset impairment expenses.
