ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The EFS Midstream System serves producers in the Eagle Ford Shale, providing condensate gathering and processing services as well as gathering, treating and compression services for associated natural gas. The EFS Midstream System includes 485 miles of gathering pipelines, 11 central gathering plants having a combined condensate storage capacity of 0.3 MMBbls, 171 MBPD of condensate stabilization capacity and 1.0 Bcf/d of associated natural gas treating capacity. 
The Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline System , which began limited commercial service in February 2019, provides us with approximately 200 MBPD of incremental crude oil transportation capacity from the Permian Basin to markets in the Houston area. The pipeline is expected to enter full commercial service in April 2019. The pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 440 miles to our Sealy storage terminal, with volumes arriving at Sealy transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline, which is a component of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System. 
We converted a portion of our Seminole NGL Pipeline system from NGL service to crude oil service to create the Midland-to-Sealy segment of this pipeline system. The conversion is supported by a 10.75-year transportation contract with firm demand fees. We have the ability to convert this pipeline back to NGL service should market and physical takeaway conditions warrant.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We provide more information on risks related to the war in Ukraine in our Financial Outlook and Commodity Trends section, Item 3, Qu antitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, and under Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
Additionally in 2022, we announced our intention to divest our developed market gum and global Halls candy businesses and in Q4 2022, we announced an agreement to sell the developed market gum business with an anticipated closing of Q4 2023, subject to relevant antitrust approvals and closing conditions. 
In 2022, we sold approximately 18.6 million of our shares back to JDE Peet’s, which reduced our ownership interest by approximately 3% to 19.8%. We recorded a loss of €8 million ($8 million). In 2021, we issued €300 million exchangeable bonds. If all bonds were redeemed in exchange for shares, this would represent approximately 8.5 million shares or approximately 9% of our equity interest in JDE Peet's. In 2020, we exchanged our 26.4% ownership interest in JDE for a 26.5% equity interest in JDE Peet’s, which was then taken public. During the initial public offering, we sold approximately 11.1 million shares, recording a pre-tax gain of $131 million and a $250 million tax expense and reducing our ownership interest to 22.9%.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We have elected to omit in this 2020 10‑K Report, discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements presented. Refer to "Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" located in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 (herein incorporated by reference), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020, for management's discussion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. 
We are a leading global fuel services company, principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and services in the aviation, land and marine transportation industries. In recent years, we have expanded our land product and service offerings to include energy advisory services and supply fulfillment for natural gas and power to commercial, industrial and government customers. Our intention is to become a leading global energy management company offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment services, technology solutions, payment management solutions, as well as sustainability products and services across the energy product spectrum. We will continue to focus on enhancing the portfolio of products and services we provide based on changes in customer demand, including sustainability offerings and renewable energy solutions . 
Beginning in the first quarter of 2020 and through the date of this filing, the aviation, marine and land transportation industries, along with global economic conditions generally, have been significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. A large number of our customers in these industries have experienced a substantial decline in business activity, especially commercial airlines and cruise lines, which have been particularly impacted by ongoing travel restrictions. Customers in our marine and land segments have also been adversely affected by these restrictions and the reduction in operations of various businesses in affected regions. These impacts have consequently increased the credit risk associated with a number of these customers, particularly in industries that are largely dependent on travel or consumer spending. In response to these developments, we took swift action to ensure the safety of our employees and other stakeholders and initiated a number of initiatives relating to cost reduction, liquidity and operating efficiencies.
