ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Cardiac Rhythm Management — Development of next-generation rhythm management technologies, including enhanced patient engagement and expanded magnetic resonance (MR)-compatibility. • Heart Failure — Continued enhancements to Abbott's left ventricular assist systems and pulmonary artery heart failure system, including enhanced connectivity, user-interfaces and remote patient monitoring. • Electrophysiology — Development of next-generation technologies in the areas of ablation, diagnostic, mapping and visualization and recording and monitoring. • Vascular — Development of next-generation technologies for use in coronary and peripheral vascular procedures. • Structural Heart — Development of minimally-invasive devices for the repair and replacement of heart valves and other structural heart conditions. • Neuromodulation — Development of next-generation technologies with enhanced patient and physician engagement and expanded MR-compatibility to treat chronic pain, movement disorders and other indications. Diabetes Care — Develop enhancements and additional indications for the FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring system to help patients improve their ability to manage diabetes. 
Core Laboratory Diagnostics — Abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry and hematology systems, along with assays, including a focus on unmet medical need, in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, as well as informatics and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories. 
Nutritionals — Abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric and adult nutrition areas: gastro intestinal/immunity health, brain health, mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. Numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We have historically provided and continue to provide our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also provide our services via cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. In December 2020, we announced Hyperforce, a reimagination of our platform architecture built to securely and reliably deliver the Customer 360 platform on major public clouds. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services, as well as integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
This table excludes the vendor receivable related allowance for doubtful accounts of $ 8 million, $ 7 million, and $ 5 million as of December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021, respectively. 
At the beginning of fiscal year 2020, the Company adopted the provisions of ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which resulted in the recording of a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings of $ 1 million. 
The Company classifies its vacant land and closed facilities as assets held for sale at the time management commits to a plan to sell the asset, the asset is actively marketed and available for immediate sale, and the sale is expected to be completed within one year. Due to market conditions, certain assets may be classified as assets held for sale for more than one year as the Company continues to actively market the assets.
