COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In February 2021, a former employee filed a class action against the Company alleging violations of California Labor Code regarding payment of wages, meal and rest periods, wage statements, reimbursement of expenses, payment of final wages to terminated employees, and for unfair business practices. Edwards v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 5:21-cv-00716: C.D. Cal.). In May 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which was granted with leave to amend. In June 2021, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint, which the Company moved to dismiss later that month. The court granted the motion in part in July 2021 with leave to amend. In August 2021, the plaintiff filed a second amended complaint and filed a separate representative action under PAGA asserting the same Labor Code claims and seeking civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The Company filed an answer to the second 
In July 2021, a former temporary staffing employee filed a class action against the Company and a staffing company alleging violations of the California Labor Code regarding payment of wages, meal and rest periods, wage statements, the timeliness of wages and final wages, and for unfair business practices. Dimas v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. STK-CV-UOE-2021-0006024; San Joaquin Superior Court). The Company has moved to compel arbitration of the plaintiff's individual claims and to dismiss the class action complaint. On September 7, 2021, the same former employee filed a separate representative action under PAGA asserting the same Labor Code violations and seeking civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The case has been stayed pending the motion to compel in the related case. 
In September 2021, an employee filed a class action against the Company alleging violations of the California Labor Code regarding the alleged failure to provide sick pay, failure to timely pay wages due at separation from employment, and for violations of California's unfair competition law. De Benning v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 34-2021-00309030-CU-OE-GDS; Sacramento Superior Court). The Company answered the complaint in January 2022, denying its material allegations. In April 2022, a settlement for an immaterial amount was agreed upon, subject to court approval.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
balances are expected to be collected. The Company considers factors including past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts in the development of the estimate of credit loss allowances. 
The property and casualty recoverable evaluation considers the credit rating of the reinsurer, the period over which the reinsurance recoverable balances are expected to be recovered and other relevant factors including historical experience of reinsurer failures. Reinsurers in liquidation or in default status are evaluated individually using the Company’s historical liquidation recovery assumptions and any other relevant information available including the most recent public information related to the financial condition or liquidation status of the reinsurer. For accident and health reinsurance recoverables, the Company uses a probability of default and loss given default model developed independently of the Company to estimate current expected credit losses. The accident and health reinsurance recoverable evaluation utilizes factors including historical industry factors based on the probability of liquidation, and incorporates current loss given default factors reflective of the industry. 
The Company monitors the credit ratings of reinsurer counterparties and evaluates the circumstances surrounding credit rating changes as inputs into its credit loss assessments. Uncollectible reinsurance recoverable balances are written off against the allowances when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.

BOEING CO report:
The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2019 raised the Budget Control Act limits on federal discretionary defense and non-defense spending for fiscal years 2020 and 2021 (FY20 and FY21), reducing budget uncertainty 
and the risk of sequestration. The consolidated appropriations acts for FY20, enacted in December 2019, provided FY20 appropriations for government departments and agencies, including the United States Department of Defense (U.S. DoD), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). 
The enacted FY20 appropriations included funding for Boeing’s major programs, such as the F/A-18 Super Hornet, F-15EX, CH-47 Chinook, AH-64 Apache, V-22 Osprey, KC-46A Tanker, P-8 Poseidon and Space Launch System. However, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to future program-level appropriations for the U.S. DoD and other government agencies, including NASA. Future budget cuts or investment priority changes, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows.
