BOEING CO report:
Non-U.S. Defense Environment Overview The non-U.S. market continues to be driven by complex and evolving security challenges and the need to modernize aging equipment and inventories. BDS expects that it will continue to have a wide range of opportunities across Asia, Europe and the Middle East given the diverse regional threats. At the end of 2022, 28% of BDS backlog was attributable to non-U.S. customers. 
Since our operating cycle is long-term and involves many different types of development and production contracts with varying delivery and milestone schedules, the operating results of a particular period may not be indicative of future operating results. In addition, depending on the customer and their funding sources, our orders might be structured as annual follow-on contracts, or as one large multi-year order or long-term award. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of future workloads. The following discussions of comparative results among periods should be viewed in this context. 
BDS revenues in 2022 decreased by $3,378 million compared with 2021 primarily due to charges on development programs. Unfavorable performance across other defense programs and lower P-8 and weapons volume also contributed to the decrease in revenue. Cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2022 were $1,858 million more unfavorable than the prior year largely due to charges on development programs.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs and field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also have a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The preferred stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. The preferred stock is redeemable at the Company’s option in whole or in part, on or after June 15, 2018 for Series A, April 15, 2019 for Series D and E, October 15, 2019 for Series F, and April 15, 2023 for Series G, at a redemption price of $25,000  per share of preferred stock, plus declared and unpaid dividends. Prior to April 15, 2019 for Series D and E, October 15, 2019 for Series F, and April 15, 2023 for Series G, the preferred stock is redeemable at the Company’s option, in whole but not in part, within 90 days of the occurrence of certain rating agency events at a redemption price equal to $25,000  per share or, if greater, a make-whole redemption price, plus declared and unpaid dividends. 
The Company undertakes various programs to reduce expenses. These programs generally involve a reduction in staffing levels, and in certain cases, office closures. Restructuring and related charges primarily include employee severance and relocation benefits, and post-exit rent expenses in connection with these programs, and non-cash charges resulting from pension benefit payments made to agents and certain legal expenses and settlements incurred in connection with the 1999 reorganization of Allstate’s multiple 
agency programs to a single exclusive agency program (“1999 reorganization”). The expenses related to these activities are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as restructuring and related charges, and totaled $83 million , $109 million  and $30 million  in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. Restructuring expenses in 2018  primarily related to realignment of certain employees to centralized talent centers as well as legal settlements and expenses.
