VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We enter into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against interest rate risk exposure of designated debt issuances. We record the interest rate swaps at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets as assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded to Interest expense, which are primarily offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged debt due to changes in interest rates. 
We have entered into cross currency swaps previously designated as cash flow hedges through March 31, 2022 to exchange our British Pound Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar-denominated cash flows into U.S. dollars and to fix our cash payments in U.S. dollars, as well as to mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. A portion of the loss recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) was reclassified to Interest expense to offset the related pre-tax foreign currency transaction gain or loss on the underlying hedged item. 
On March 31, 2022, we elected to de-designate our cross currency swaps as cash flow hedges and re-designated these swaps as fair value hedges. For these hedges, we have elected to exclude the change in fair value of the cross currency swaps related to both time value and cross currency basis spread from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (the excluded components). The initial value of the excluded components of $ 1.0 billion as of March 31, 2022 will continue to be amortized into Interest expense over the remaining life of the hedging instruments. We estimate that $ 109 million will be amortized into Interest expense within the next 12 months.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• For property insurance, risk evaluation factors can include, but are not limited to: the amount of insurance purchased; geographic location of the property; loss history; age, condition and construction characteristics of the property; and characteristics of the insured including insurance scoring utilizing other consumer information. 
A combination of underwriting information, pricing and discounts are also used to achieve a more competitive position and growth. The pricing strategy involves local marketplace pricing and underwriting decisions based on risk evaluation factors to the extent permissible by applicable law and an evaluation of competitors. 
Pricing of property products is intended to generate risk-adjusted returns that are acceptable over a long-term period. Rate increases are pursued to keep pace with loss trends, including losses from catastrophic events and those that are weather-related (such as wind, hail, lightning and freeze not meeting our criteria to be declared a catastrophe). We also take into consideration potential customer disruption, the impact on our ability to market our products, regulatory limitations, our competitive position and profitability.

SALESFORCE INC report:
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to identify performance obligations and allocate the transaction price to those performance obligations, including controls over determining standalone selling price. To test revenue recognized, we obtained an understanding of the Company’s various product and service offerings and evaluated management’s application of the revenue recognition accounting requirements to determine which product and service offerings were distinct. We read executed contracts for a sample of sales transactions to assess management’s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance obligations, and tested the amounts recognized as revenue or recorded in unearned revenue. To test management’s determination of relative standalone selling price for performance obligations, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the appropriateness of the methodology applied, testing mathematical accuracy of the underlying data and calculations, and testing selections to corroborate the data underlying the Company’s calculations. We also assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures in the financial statements. 
 Accounting for Business Combinations Description of the Matter As described in Note 7 to the financial statements, the Company completed several acquisitions during fiscal year 2020 for aggregate net consideration of over $16 billion. The most significant of these was the acquisition of Tableau Software, Inc. for total consideration of $14.8 billion. In connection with these acquisitions, management recognized customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets of $3.6 billion. The valuation of the customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets is complex and judgmental due to the use of subjective assumptions in the valuation models used by management when determining their estimated fair value. In particular, the fair value estimates for the acquired assets are sensitive to changes in assumptions for revenue growth, gross margin and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. 
Auditing management’s valuation of these customer relationship and developed technology intangibles is complex due to the auditor judgment required to evaluate management’s assumptions used in determining the fair value of these assets.
