BOEING CO report:
Global Trade On June 1, 2018, the U.S. Government began imposing tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. In response to these tariffs, several major U.S. trading partners have imposed, or announced their intention to impose, tariffs on U.S. goods. We continue to monitor the potential for any extra costs that may result from these actions. 
On July 6, 2018, the U.S. and China began imposing tariffs on approximately $34 billion of each other's exports. Certain aircraft parts and components that Boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. Subsequently, the U.S. imposed tariffs on an additional $216 billion in Chinese goods, and China imposed tariffs on an additional $76 billion worth of U.S goods. On December 1, 2018, the U.S. and China agreed to a 90-day timetable to negotiate a resolution to the trade dispute. We continue to monitor the potential for any disruption and adverse revenue and/or cost impacts that may result from these actions or future geopolitical economic developments. 
The U.S. Government continues to impose and/or threaten to impose sanctions on certain businesses and individuals in Russia. Although our operations or sales in Russia have not been impacted to date, we continue to monitor additional sanctions that may be imposed by the U.S. Government and any responses from Russia that could affect our supply chain, business partners or customers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The SSP is the price at which the Company would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. 
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, its go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. As the Company’s go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP. 
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The projections include assumptions (based upon historical market experience and our experience) that reflect the effect of changing interest rates on the prepayment, lapse, leverage and/or option features of instruments, where applicable. The preceding assumptions relate primarily to callable municipal and corporate bonds, fixed rate single and flexible premium deferred annuities, mortgage-backed securities and municipal housing bonds. Additionally, the calculations include assumptions regarding the renewal of property and casualty products. 
As of December 31, 2018 , the difference between our asset and liability duration was a (1.16)  gap compared to a (2.16)  gap as of December 31, 2017 . The calculation excludes traditional and interest-sensitive life insurance and accident and health insurance products that are not considered financial instruments. A negative duration gap indicates that the fair value of our liabilities is more sensitive to interest rate movements than the fair value of our assets, while a positive duration gap indicates that the fair value of our assets is more sensitive to interest rate movements than the fair value of our liabilities. Due to the relatively short duration of our property and casualty liabilities, primarily related to auto and homeowners claims, the investments generally maintain a positive duration gap between assets and liabilities. In contrast, for our annuity products the duration gap may be positive or negative as the assets and liabilities vary based on the characteristics of the products in-force and investing activity. As of December 31, 2018 , property and casualty products had a positive duration gap while annuity products had a negative duration gap. 
To redu ce the risk that investment returns are below levels required to meet the funding needs of certain liabilities, we are executing our performance-based strategy that supplements market risk with idiosyncratic risk. We are using these investments, in addition to public equity securities, to support a portion of our property and casualty products and
