ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Taxes on earnings from continuing operations reflect the annual effective rates, including charges for interest and penalties. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax consequences on future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) was enacted in the U.S. on December 22, 2017. The TCJA reduces the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax 
on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. As of December 31, 2018, Abbott has completed its accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the TCJA. If additional regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury after December 31, 2018 result in a change in judgment, the effect of such regulations will be accounted for in the period in which the regulations are finalized.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company operates as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Over the past few years, the Company has completed a number of acquisitions. These acquisitions have allowed the Company to expand its offerings, presence and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. 
While the Company has offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing market segments, including as a result of the Company's acquisitions, and operates in multiple countries, the Company’s business operates in one operating segment because most of the Company's service offerings operate on the Customer 360 Platform, most of the Company's service offerings are 
deployed in a nearly identical way, and the Company’s CODM evaluates the Company’s financial information and resources and assesses the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company markets and distributes fresh, frozen and dry food and non-food products to foodservice customers throughout the U.S. The Company uses a centralized management structure, and its strategies and initiatives are implemented and executed consistently across the organization to maximize value to the organization as a whole. The Company uses shared resources for sales, procurement, and general and administrative activities across each of its distribution facilities and operations. The Company’s distribution facilities form a single network to reach its customers; it is common for a single customer to make purchases from several different distribution facilities. Capital projects, whether for cost savings or generating incremental revenue, are evaluated based on estimated economic returns to the organization as a whole. 
No single customer accounted for more than 3% of the Company’s consolidated net sales for fiscal years 2019 , 2018 and 2017 . However, customers who are members of one group purchasing organization accounted, in the aggregate, for approximately 13 % of the Company's consolidated net sales in fiscal years 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 .Legal Proceedings —The Company is subject to a number of legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. These legal proceedings, whether pending, threatened or unasserted, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, may result in liabilities material to its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company has recognized provisions with respect to the proceedings, where appropriate, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. It is possible that the Company could be required to make expenditures, in excess of the established provisions, in amounts that cannot be reasonably estimated. However, the Company believes that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
These condensed parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under terms of the agreements governing its indebtedness, the net assets of USF are restricted from being transferred to US Foods in the form of loans, advances or dividends with the exception of income tax payments, share-based compensation settlements and minor administrative costs. USF had $ 1.3 billion of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $ 2.4 billion of its net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation, as of December 28, 2019 . See Note 16, Share-Based Compensation, Common Stock Issuances and Common Stock, for a discussion of the Company’s equity-related transactions. In the condensed parent company financial statements below, the investment in the operating subsidiary, USF, is accounted for using the equity method. 
The Company’s consolidated results represent the results of its one business segment based on how the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief Executive Officer, views the business for purposes of evaluating performance and making operating decisions.
