ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The demand for commercial isomerization services depends upon the energy industry’s requirements for isobutane and high-purity isobutane in excess of the isobutane produced through the process of NGL fractionation and refinery operations. Isomerization units convert normal butane feedstock into mixed butane, which is a stream of isobutane and normal butane. DIB units, of which we own and operate ten located at our Mont Belvieu complex, then separate the isobutane from the normal butane. Any remaining unconverted (or residual) normal butane generated by the DIB process is then recirculated through the isomerization process until it has been converted into varying grades of isobutane, including high-purity isobutane. The primary uses of isobutane are for the production of propylene oxide, isooctane, isobutylene and alkylate for motor gasoline. We also use certain of our DIB units to fractionate mixed butanes originating from NGL fractionation activities, imports and other sources into isobutane and normal butane. The operating flexibility provided by our multiple standalone DIBs enables us to capture market opportunities resulting from fluctuations in demand and prices for different types of butanes.
Our isomerization assets provide processing services to meet the needs of third-party customers and our other businesses, including our NGL marketing activities and octane enhancement production facility. On a weighted-average basis, the utilization rates of our isomerization facility were approximately 82.8%, 94.0% and 92.2% during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
We own and operate an octane enhancement production facility located at our Mont Belvieu complex that is designed to produce isobutylene and either isooctane or methyl tertiary butyl ether (“MTBE”). The products produced by this facility are used by refiners to increase octane values in reformulated motor gasoline blends. The high-purity isobutane feedstocks consumed in the production of these products are supplied by our isomerization units.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our principal component of costs of revenues is content expense. Content expense includes television series, television specials, films, sporting events and digital products. The costs of producing a content asset and bringing that asset to market consist of film costs, participation costs, exploitation costs and manufacturing costs. 
Costs of revenues increased 20% in 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, costs of revenues increased 18%. The increase was primarily attributable to the Olympics and to a lesser extent, European sporting events and leagues 
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee costs, marketing costs, research costs, occupancy and back office support fees. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 48% in 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, selling, general and administrative increased 46%. The increase was primarily attributable to higher marketing related expenses to drive the growth of discovery+ at U.S. Networks and International Networks.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We review long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for realizability on an ongoing basis. Changes in depreciation, generally accelerated depreciation, are determined and recorded when estimates of the remaining useful lives or residual values of long-term assets change. We also review for impairment when conditions exist that indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. In those circumstances, we perform undiscounted operating cash flow analyses to determine if an impairment exists. When testing for asset impairment, we group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable. Any impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its estimated fair value. Fair value is estimated based on the discounted cash flows for the asset group over the remaining useful life or based on the expected cash proceeds for the asset less costs of disposal. Any significant impairment losses would be recorded within asset impairment and exit costs in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
We capitalize certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use. Capitalized software costs are included in property, plant and equipment and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, which do not exceed seven years. 
We test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on July 1. We assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill reporting units. We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as significant changes in the organization occur. Annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. In our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit’s estimated fair value with its carrying value. We estimate a reporting unit’s fair value using a discounted cash flow method that incorporates planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. This year, for our Europe and North America reporting units, we used a market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 7.3 % to discount the projected cash flows of those operations. For our Latin America and AMEA reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 10.3 % . Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, industry and economic conditions, and our actual results and conditions may differ over time. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s net assets exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value.
