ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
expansion capital expenditures, which are capital expenditures made to expand the operating capacity or operating income capacity of assets, including by acquisition of compression units or through modification of existing compression units to increase their capacity, or to replace certain partially or fully depreciated assets that were not currently generating operating income. 
 USAC classifies capital expenditures as maintenance or expansion on an individual asset basis. Over the long-term, USAC expects that its maintenance capital expenditure requirements will continue to increase as the overall size and age of its fleet increase. USAC currently plans to spend approximately $25 million  in maintenance capital expenditures during 2019 , including parts consumed from inventory. 
Without giving effect to any equipment USAC may acquire pursuant to any future acquisitions, it currently has budgeted between $140 million  and $150 million  in expansion capital expenditures during 2019 . As of December 31, 2018 , USAC has binding commitments to purchase $108 million  of additional compression units and serialized parts, all of which USAC expects to be delivered in 2019.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations reflects the fair value of future billings of amounts that are contractually committed by acquired companies' existing customers as of the acquisition date. Customer contract assets are amortized over the corresponding contract terms. Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020 were $ 93 million, including $ 56 million resulting from the Tableau acquisition in August 2019, and $ 121 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2019, respectively, and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill amounts are not amortized, but rather tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter. 
The total estimated fair value of the Company's 2023 and 2028 Senior Notes at January 31, 2020 was $ 2.7 billion. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per $ 100 of the 2023 and 2028 Senior Notes as of the last day of trading for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 and is deemed a Level 2 liability within the fair value measurement framework.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Fair value estimates for private equity investments are calculated by the general partners using the market approach to estimate the fair value of private investments. The market approach utilizes prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions, type of security, degree of liquidity, restrictions on the disposition, latest round of financing data, company financial statements, relevant valuation multiples and discounted cash flow analyses. 
• Fair value estimates for private debt placements are calculated using standardized valuation methods, including but not limited to income-based techniques such as discounted cash flow projections or market-based techniques utilizing public and private transaction multiples as comparables. 
• Fair value estimates for real estate investments are calculated by investment managers using the present value of future cash flows expected to be received from the investments, based on valuation methodologies such as appraisals, local market conditions, and current and projected operating performance.
