MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
(a) Amount relates to the Company's MTG joint venture. The joint venture was effected via DCL's contribution of the Velocity network to a newly formed entity, MTG, which is a non-guarantor subsidiary of the Company and is reflected as a non-cash contribution in the condensed consolidating financial statements. (See Note 26.) 
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into transactions with related parties. Related parties include entities that share common directorship, such as Liberty Global plc (“Liberty Global”), Liberty Broadband Corporation ("Liberty Broadband") and their subsidiaries and equity method investees (together the “Liberty Group”). Discovery’s Board of Directors includes Mr. Malone, who is Chairman of the Board of Liberty Global and beneficially owns approximately 30 % of the aggregate voting power with respect to the election of directors of Liberty Global. Mr. Malone is also Chairman of the Board of Liberty Broadband and beneficially owns approximately 48 % of the aggregate voting power with respect to the election of directors of Liberty Broadband. The majority of the revenue earned from the Liberty Group relates to multi-year network distribution arrangements. Related party transactions also include revenues and expenses for content and services provided to or acquired from equity method investees or minority partners of consolidated subsidiaries. 
(a) Amount relates to a note receivable with UKTV, an equity method investee acquired in conjunction with the acquisition of Scripps Networks. In June 2019, the Company and BBC dissolved their 50/50 joint venture in UKTV. (See Note 3.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• a $124.2 million year-to-year increase in cash distributions attributable to the return of capital from unconsolidated affiliates, with those unconsolidated affiliates owning crude oil pipelines and terminals accounting for a majority of the increase; and
 • a $601.9 million year-to-year decrease in cash contributions from noncontrolling interests. In July 2019, an affiliate of Apache Corporation acquired a noncontrolling 33% equity interest in our consolidated subsidiary that owns the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline for $440.7 million. In addition, cash contributions from noncontrolling interests in connection with our Pascagoula natural gas processing plant and ethylene export facility decreased a combined $105.5 million year-to-year;
 • an $82.2 million year-to-year decrease in net cash proceeds from the issuance of common units under our distribution reinvestment plan (“DRIP”) and employee unit purchase plan (“EUPP”). In July 2019, the Partnership announced that, beginning with the quarterly distribution payment paid in August 2019, it would use common units purchased on the open market, rather than issuing new common units, to satisfy its delivery obligations under the DRIP and EUPP; and
