ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In December 2019, ET announced a comprehensive commercial tender package which was issued to engineering, procurement and construction contractors to submit final bids for the proposed Lake Charles LNG liquefaction project being developed with Shell US LNG, LLC. The commercial bids are expected to be received in the second quarter of 2020. 
The export of LNG produced by the liquefaction project from the United States would be undertaken under long-term export authorizations issued by the DOE to LCL. In March 2013, LCL obtained a DOE authorization to export LNG to countries with which the United States has or will have Free Trade Agreements (“FTA”) for trade in natural gas (the “FTA Authorization”). In July 2016, LCL also obtained a conditional DOE authorization to export LNG to countries that do not have an FTA for trade in natural gas (the “Non-FTA Authorization”). The FTA Authorization and Non-FTA Authorization have 25- and 20-year terms, respectively. In addition, LCL received its wetlands permits from the United States Army Corps of Engineers (“USACE”) to perform wetlands mitigation work and to perform modification and dredging work for the temporary and permanent dock facilities at the Lake Charles LNG facilities. 
The Southeast Texas System is an integrated system that gathers, compresses, treats, processes, dehydrates and transports natural gas from the Austin Chalk trend and Eagle Ford shale formation. The Southeast Texas System is a large natural gas gathering system covering thirteen counties between Austin and Houston. This system is connected to the Katy Hub through the ETC Katy Pipeline and is also connected to the Oasis Pipeline. The Southeast Texas System includes two natural gas processing plants (La Grange and Alamo) with aggregate capacity of 410 MMcf/d . The La Grange and Alamo processing plants are natural gas processing plants that process the rich gas that flows through our gathering system to produce residue gas and NGLs. Residue gas is delivered into our intrastate pipelines and NGLs are delivered into our NGL pipelines to Lone Star.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
U.S. Networks generates revenues from fees charged to distributors of our television networks’ first run content, which includes cable, DTH satellite and telecommunication service providers, referred to as affiliate fees; fees from distributors for licensed content and content to equity method investee networks, referred to as other distribution revenue; fees from advertising sold on our television networks and digital products, which include our GO suite of TVE applications and DTC subscription products; fees from providing sales representation, network distribution services; and revenue from licensing our brands for consumer products. Our newest DTC product, Food Network Kitchen, provides multiple revenue streams including advertising and subscription fees. During 2019 , advertising, distribution and other revenues were 60% , 39% and 1% , respectively, of total net revenues for this segment. 
Typically, our television networks are aired pursuant to multi-year carriage agreements that provide for the level of carriage that our networks will receive and for annual graduated rate increases. Carriage of our networks depends on package inclusion, such as whether networks are on the more widely distributed, broader packages or lesser-distributed, specialized packages, also referred to as digital tiers. In the U.S., more than 95% of distribution revenues come from the top 10 distributors, with whom we have agreements that expire at various times from 2020 through 2024 . Distribution fees are typically collected ratably throughout the year. We provide authenticated U.S. TVE streaming products that are available to pay-TV subscribers and connect viewers through GO applications with live and on-demand access to award-winning shows and series from 18 U.S. networks in the Discovery portfolio: Discovery Channel, HGTV, Food Network, TLC, ID, Animal Planet, Travel Channel, MotorTrend (previously known as Velocity), Science Channel, DIY Network, Cooking Channel, Discovery Family Channel, AHC, Destination America, Discovery Life, Discovery en Español, Discovery Familia, and the Oprah Winfrey Network ("OWN"), a consolidated subsidiary. During 2019 , we achieved incremental increases in U.S. digital platform consumption. We also provide certain networks to consumers as part of subscription-based over-the-top services provided by DirectTV Now, AT&T Watch, Hulu, SlingTV, fuboTV, and YouTube TV. 
Advertising revenue is generated across multiple platforms and is based on the price received for available advertising spots and is dependent upon a number of factors including the number of subscribers to our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our programming, our ability to sell commercial time over a portfolio of channels and leverage multiple platforms to connect advertisers to target audiences. In the U.S., advertising time is sold in the upfront and scatter markets. In the upfront market, advertisers buy advertising time for upcoming seasons and, by committing to purchase in advance, lock in the advertising rates they will pay for the upcoming year. Many upfront advertising commitments include options whereby advertisers may reduce or increase purchase commitments. In the scatter market, advertisers buy advertising closer to the time when the commercials will be run, which often results in a pricing premium compared to the upfront rates. The mix of upfront and scatter market advertising time sold is based upon the economic conditions at the time that upfront sales take place, impacting the sell-out levels management is willing or able to obtain. The demand in the scatter market then impacts the pricing achieved for our remaining advertising inventory. Scatter market pricing can vary from upfront pricing and can be volatile.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
An area of particular focus for us has been the development of midstream infrastructure serving producers in the Delaware Basin, which is part of the Permian Basin. Prior to the shale production boom, the Delaware Basin was a lightly drilled area due to a lack of conventional targets; however, with the introduction of horizontal drilling techniques and identification of stacked targets of tight rock and shales, drilling in the Delaware Basin has accelerated greatly over the past five years. These drilling targets have proven to produce not only crude oil but also condensate and NGLs, which present us with a significant number of opportunities to provide midstream services to producers. We are actively working with producers to identify those midstream infrastructure projects that best serve their needs and complement our integrated asset network.
Two examples of our initiatives in the Delaware Basin are the Orla and Mentone natural gas processing facilities. At our Orla processing facility, we placed two processing trains (Orla I and II) into service in 2018, and a third processing train (Orla III) was placed into service in July 2019. With three trains, the Orla facility has 900 MMcf/d of total processing capacity and allows us to extract up to 140 MBPD of mixed NGLs. Our Mentone natural gas processing facility was announced in October 2018 and its first processing train (Mentone I) entered service in December 2019. Following the completion of Mentone I, we have the capability to process up to 1.6 Bcf/d of natural gas and extract up to 250 MBPD of NGLs from our processing facilities in the Delaware Basin. Given our investment in NGL pipeline infrastructure in the region (e.g., Shin Oak), we believe that we are well positioned to accommodate NGL production growth from these plants and third party natural gas processing facilities in the Permian Basin.
 • In the Eagle Ford Shale (“Eagle Ford”), crude oil and natural gas production for 2019 was essentially the same as that for 2018. According to the 2019 EIA Report, production in the Eagle Ford was 1.4 MMBPD of crude oil and 6.9 Bcf/d of natural gas in November 2019. The number of drilling rigs working in the Eagle Ford (as reported by Baker Hughes) decreased from 80 at the beginning of 2019 to 67 in December 2019; however, it appears that the rig count has stabilized as we enter 2020.
