ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
NGL terminalling services are facilitated by approximately   7 million Bbls   of NGL storage capacity.   These operations also support our liquids blending activities, including the use of our patented butane blending technology. Refined products operations provide transportation and terminalling services through the use of approximately   2,203   miles of refined products pipelines and approximately   35   active refined products marketing terminals. Our marketing terminals are located primarily in the northeast, midwest and southwest United States, with approximately   8 million Bbls   of refined products storage capacity. Our refined products operations utilize our integrated pipeline and terminalling assets, as well as acquisition and marketing activities, to service refined products markets in several regions throughout the United States.   
Revenues in this segment are principally generated from fees charged to customers under dedicated contracts or take-or-pay contracts. Under a dedicated contract, the customer agrees to deliver the total output from particular processing plants that are connected to the NGL pipeline. Take-or-pay contracts have minimum throughput commitments requiring the customer to pay regardless of whether a fixed volume is transported. Fees are market-based, negotiated with customers and competitive with regional regulated pipelines and fractionators. Storage revenues are derived from base storage and throughput fees. This segment also derives revenues from the marketing of NGLs and processing and fractionating refinery off-gas. 
Our crude oil operations provide transportation, terminalling and acquisition and marketing services to crude oil markets throughout the southwest, midwest and northeastern United States. Through our crude oil transportation and services segment, we own and operate (through wholly-owned subsidiaries or joint venture interests) approximately   9,524   miles of crude oil trunk and gathering pipelines in the southwest and midwest United States. This segment includes equity ownership interests in two crude oil pipelines, the Bakken Pipeline system and Bayou Bridge Pipeline. Our crude oil terminalling services operate with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately   38 million   Bbls, including approximately   28 million   Bbls at our Gulf Coast terminal in Nederland, Texas and approximately   4 million   Bbls at our Fort Mifflin terminal complex in Pennsylvania. Our crude oil acquisition and marketing activities utilize our pipeline and terminal assets, our proprietary fleet crude oil tractor trailers and truck unloading facilities, as well as third-party assets, to service crude oil markets principally in the midcontinent United States.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Other purchase obligations include agreements with certain vendors and suppliers for the purchase of goods and services whereby the underlying agreements are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms. Significant purchase obligations include transmission services, television rating services, marketing commitments and research, equipment purchases, and information technology and other services. Some of these contracts do not require the purchase of fixed or minimum quantities and generally may be terminated with a 30 -day to 60 -day advance notice without penalty, and are not included in the table above past the 30-day to 60-day advance notice period. 
Pension and other employee obligations include payments to meet minimum funding requirements of our Pension Plan in 2022 and estimated benefit payments for our SERP that exceed plan assets. Payments for the SERP have been estimated over a ten-year period. While benefit payments under these plans are expected to continue beyond 2031, we believe it is not practicable to estimate payments beyond this period. (See Note 16.) 
Although the Company had funding commitments to equity method investees as of December 31, 2021, the Company may also provide uncommitted additional funding to its equity method investments in the future. (See Note 4.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We own and operate marine export and import terminals for NGLs. The results of operations from these facilities, all of which are located on the Houston Ship Channel, are primarily dependent upon the level of volumes handled and the associated loading/unloading fees we charge for such services.
 • The Enterprise Hydrocarbons Terminal (“EHT”) is located on the Houston Ship Channel and provides terminaling services to exporters, marketers, distributors, chemical companies and major integrated oil companies. EHT has extensive waterfront access consisting of seven deep-water ship docks and one barge dock. The terminal can accommodate vessels with up to a 45 foot draft, including Suezmax tankers, which are the largest tankers that can navigate the Houston Ship Channel. We believe that our location on the Houston Ship Channel enables us to handle larger vessels than our competitors because our waterfront has fewer draft and beam (width) restrictions. The size and structure of our waterfront allows us to receive and unload products for our customers and provide terminaling and dock services.
EHT can load refrigerated cargoes of low-ethane propane and/or butane (collectively referred to as LPG) onto multiple tanker vessels simultaneously. Our LPG export services continue to benefit from increased NGL supplies produced from domestic shale plays such as the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford Shale, international demand for propane as a feedstock in ethylene production and for power generation and heating purposes. LPG loading volumes at EHT averaged 483 MBPD, 445 MBPD and 424 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
