ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• the use of optical gas imaging cameras at our more than 2,200 gas gathering and processing facilities as part of our leak detection and repair program allow us to reduce emissions, improve safety, reduce costs, prevent product loss, and maintain equipment integrity; 
• the use of in-line inspection tools, or smart pigs, allow us to detect corrosion, cracks or other defects along our pipeline systems thereby protecting the environment and the safety of our communities, employees and landowners; and 
• the use of other methods, including pipeline blowdown direct injection, liquids pipeline system optimization, crude oil truck unloading and direct injection, all of which help to reduce emissions and the release of methane into the atmosphere across our operations.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As described in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s consolidated goodwill balance was $13.1 billion as of December 31, 2020, and the goodwill associated with the Europe reporting unit was $1.9 billion. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 or earlier if an event or other circumstance indicates that they may not recover the carrying value of the asset. Management concluded that the continued impacts of COVID-19 on the operating results of the Europe reporting unit represented a triggering event in the second quarter of 2020. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill recorded for that reporting unit. Management performed quantitative goodwill impairment analyses during the second and fourth quarters of 2020 for the Europe reporting unit using a discounted cash flow (“DCF”) model. Significant judgments and assumptions by management in the DCF model specific to the Europe reporting unit included the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, including revenue growth rates, long-term growth rates and discount rates. 
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill quantitative impairment assessments for the Europe reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurements of the reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s assumptions related to revenue growth rates, long-term growth rates, and discount rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s goodwill quantitative impairment assessments, including controls over the valuation of the Company’s reporting units. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for developing the fair value measurements of the Europe reporting unit, evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model, testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the model and evaluating the significant assumptions used by management related to revenue growth rates, long-term growth rates, and discount rates. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to revenue growth rates and long-term growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the discount rates and long-term growth rates.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our ethylene export terminal increased $23.3 million year-to-year primarily due to higher export volumes of 4 MBPD (net to our interest) . Gross operating margin from our other ethylene activities increased $24.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher storage fees, which accounted for an $11.5 million increase, higher sales volumes, which accounted for a $4.7 million increase, and higher average sales margins, which accounted for an additional $4.6 million increase. 
Based on current market conditions (as of the filing date of this annual report), we believe that the Partnership and its consolidated businesses will have sufficient liquidity, cash flow from operations and access to capital markets to fund their capital investments and working capital needs for the reasonably foreseeable future. At December 31, 2021, we had $ 7.32 billion of consolidated liquidity, which was comprised of $ 4.5 billion of available borrowing capacity under EPO’s revolving credit facilities and $ 2.82 billion of unrestricted cash on hand. 
We may issue debt and equity securities to assist us in meeting our future funding and liquidity requirements, including those related to capital investments. We have a universal shelf registration statement (the “2021 Shelf”) on file with the SEC which allows the Partnership and EPO to issue an unlimited amount of equity and debt securities, respectively. The 2021 Shelf replaced our prior universal shelf registration statement, which is set to expire in March 2022.
