VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Contract assets primarily relate to our rights to consideration for goods or services provided to customers but for which we do not have an unconditional right at the reporting date. Under a fixed-term plan, total contract revenue is allocated between wireless service and equipment revenues. In conjunction with these arrangements, a contract asset is created, which represents the difference between the amount of equipment revenue recognized upon sale and the amount of consideration received from the customer when the performance obligation related to the transfer of control of the equipment is satisfied. The contract asset is reclassified to accounts receivable as wireless services are provided and billed. We have the right to bill the customer as service is provided over time, which results in our right to the payment being unconditional. The contract asset balances are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets. We recognize the allowance for credit losses at inception and reassess quarterly based on management's expectation of the asset's collectability. 
Contract assets decreased $ 213 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The change in the contract asset balance was primarily due to reclassifications to accounts receivable due to billings on existing contracts and impairment charges of $ 75 million, partially offset by new contracts driven by customer activity related to wireless. Contract assets increased $ 147 million during the year ended December 31, 2019. The change in the contract asset balance was primarily due to new contracts and increases in sales promotions recognized upfront, driven by customer activity related to wireless and Fios services, partially offset by reclassifications to accounts receivable due to billings on existing contracts and impairment charges of $ 113 million. 
Contract liabilities arise when we bill our customers and receive consideration in advance of providing the goods or services promised in the contract. We typically bill service one month in advance, which is the primary component of the contract liability balance. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when services are provided to the customer. The contract liability balances are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as Other current liabilities and Other liabilities.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Changes in the reserves established for asbestos, environmental and other run-off lines losses have occurred and may continue. Reserve changes can be caused by new information relating to new and additional claims, new exposures or the impact of resolving unsettled claims based on unanticipated events such as arbitrations, litigation, legislative, judicial or regulatory actions. Environmental losses may also increase as the result of additional funding for environmental site clean-up. 
Allstate is subject to extensive regulation, primarily at the state level. The method, extent and substance of such regulation vary by state but generally have their source in statutes that establish standards and requirements for conducting the business of insurance and that also delegate regulatory authority to a state agency. These rules have a substantial effect on our business and relate to a wide variety of matters, including insurer solvency and statutory surplus sufficiency, reserve adequacy, insurance company licensing and examination, agent and adjuster licensing, agent and broker compensation, policy forms, rate setting, the nature and amount of investments, claims practices, participation in shared markets and guaranty funds, transactions with affiliates, the payment of dividends, underwriting standards, statutory accounting methods, trade practices, privacy regulation and data security, corporate governance and risk management. In addition, state legislators and insurance regulators continue to examine the appropriate nature and scope of state insurance regulation. For a discussion of statutory financial information, see Note 17 of the consolidated financial statements. 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank”) created the Federal Insurance Office (“FIO”) within the U.S. Department of the Treasury (“Treasury”). The FIO monitors the insurance industry, provides advice to the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”), represents the U.S. on international insurance matters, and studies the current regulatory system.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• Cultivating a community of Trailblazers who embrace our Company values and evangelize our service offerings. A Trailblazer can be anyone who leverages new technologies to transform their companies, careers and communities; 
We invest in early- to late-stage technology and professional cloud service companies across the globe to support our business initiatives, which include, among other things, extending the capabilities of our platform and service offerings, increasing the ecosystem of enterprise cloud companies and partners, accelerating the adoption of cloud technologies and creating the next-generation of AI, mobile applications and connected products. Our minority investments in over 240 companies as of January 31, 2019 also help us stay connected with the rapid pace of innovation that is currently occurring within the technology industry. In some cases, we have acquired companies in which we have previously invested. Due to the inherent risk in investing, our individual investments are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of investment capital. While historically our investment portfolio has had a positive impact on our financial results, that may not be true for future periods, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations that affect the market price of publicly traded companies within our strategic investment portfolio. 
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. We believe our continuing research and product development are not materially dependent on any single license or other agreement with a third party relating to the development of our products.
