BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Competition —Competition is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capability, cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, product innovation, technical support, composition and nutritional value, and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised, well-known, branded products, as well as private label and customized products. Our principal competitors in the Refined and Specialty Oils segment include, but are not limited to: ADM, AAK AB, Cargill, Fuji Oil Co. Ltd. and Wilmar, as well as local competitors in each region. 
Overview —We primarily sell our milling products to three customer types or market channels: food processors, food service companies, and retail outlets. The principal raw materials used in our milling businesses are wheat, corn, and other agricultural commodities sourced from our Agribusiness segment or directly from third parties. Similar to our refined and specialty oils business, we realize synergies among our other segments in areas such as raw material procurement, logistics, risk management and the co-location of industrial facilities, enabling us to supply customers with reliable, high quality products on a global basis. As many of the products we sell in our Milling segment are staple foods or ingredients, these businesses generally benefit from macro population and income growth rates. Additionally, our Milling segment is focused on capitalizing on growing global consumer food trends, including a desire for less processed, healthier foods, interest in new flavors, and increases in snacking and eating outside the home. 
Products —Our Milling segment activities include the production and sale of a variety of wheat flours and bakery mixes in Brazil, as well as corn-based products derived from both the dry and wet corn milling processes in the United States and Mexico. During 2021, we announced the sale of our wheat milling business in Mexico, which closed during the third quarter of 2022.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2023, we had 79,390 employees, of which approximately 52 percent were located in the United States and 48 percent were located internationally and approximately 36 percent identified as women, 63 percent identified as men and less than 0.2 percent identified as non-binary. This number includes those individuals impacted by our restructuring plan announced on January 4, 2023, which includes a reduction of our current workforce by approximately 10 percent. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. 
We have continued to invest in equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives, development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 
Equality is a core value at Salesforce. We aim to create a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and empowers our employees. Our key equality initiatives include: Racial Equality and Justice Task Force, a diversity recruiting team dedicated to sourcing talent from Underrepresented Minority (URM) communities, a newly instituted URM referral process, Black Women Experience program, Warmline employee advocacy resource and Equality Mentorship and Sponsorship programs, investing in our future leaders, inclusive hiring and leadership trainings, equal pay for equal work, employee-led resource groups and a focus on accessibility in our products and workspaces. For example:

BOEING CO report:
Changes in estimated revenues, cost of sales and the related effect on operating income are recognized using a cumulative catch-up adjustment which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a long-term contract’s percentage-of-completion. When the current estimates of total sales and costs for a long-term contract indicate a loss, a provision for the entire reach-forward loss on the long-term contract is recognized. 
Significant adjustments during the three years ended December 31, 2019 included reach-forward losses of $ 148 , $ 736 and $ 445 on KC-46A Tanker recorded during 2019, 2018, and 2017, as well as reach-forward losses on Commercial Crew of $ 489 during 2019. 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process, changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods.
