ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company is prohibited from declaring or paying dividends on preferred stock in excess of the amount of net proceeds from an issuance of common stock taking place within 90 days before a dividend declaration date if, on that dividend declaration date, either: (1) the risk-based capital ratios of the largest U.S. property-casualty insurance subsidiaries that collectively account for 80%  or more of the net written premiums of U.S. property-casualty insurance business on a weighted average basis were less than 175%  of their company action level risk-based capital as of the end of the most recent year; or (2) consolidated net income for the four-quarter period ending on the preliminary quarter end test date (the quarter that is two quarters prior to the most recently completed quarter) is zero or negative and consolidated shareholders’ equity (excluding AOCI, and subject to certain other adjustments relating to changes in U.S. GAAP) as of each of the preliminary quarter test date and the most recently completed quarter has declined by 20%  or more from its level as measured at the end of the benchmark quarter (the date that is ten quarters prior to the most recently completed quarter). If the Company fails to satisfy either of these tests on any dividend declaration date, the restrictions on dividends will continue until the Company is able again to satisfy the test on a dividend declaration date. In 
addition, in the case of a restriction arising under (2) above, the restrictions on dividends will continue until consolidated shareholders’ equity (excluding AOCI, and subject to certain other adjustments relating to changes in U.S. GAAP) has increased, or has declined by less than 20% , in either case as compared to its level at the end of the benchmark quarter for each dividend payment date as to which dividend restrictions were imposed. 
The preferred stock does not have voting rights except with respect to certain changes in the terms of the preferred stock, in the case of certain dividend nonpayments, certain other fundamental corporate events, mergers or consolidations and as otherwise provided by law. If and when dividends have not been declared and paid in full for at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent (whether or not consecutive), the authorized number of directors then constituting our board of directors will be increased by two . The holders of the preferred stock, together with the holders of all other affected classes and series of voting parity stock, voting as a single class, will be entitled to elect the two  additional members of the board of directors of the Company, subject to certain conditions. The board of directors shall at no time have more than two  preferred stock directors.

BOEING CO report:
charges to cost of products for adverse changes in the fair value of trade-in aircraft that occur subsequent to signing of a definitive agreement for Sale Aircraft but prior to the purchase of the used trade-in aircraft. Estimates based on current aircraft values would be included in Accrued liabilities. 
 The fair value of trade-in aircraft is determined using aircraft-specific data such as model, age and condition, market conditions for specific aircraft and similar models, and multiple valuation sources. This process uses our assessment of the market for each trade-in aircraft, which in most instances begins years before the return of the aircraft. There are several possible markets in which we continually pursue opportunities to place used aircraft. These markets include, but are not limited to, the resale market, which could potentially include the cost of long-term storage; the leasing market, with the potential for refurbishment costs to meet the leasing customer’s requirements; or the scrap market. Trade-in aircraft valuation varies significantly depending on which market we determine is most likely for each aircraft. On a quarterly basis, we update our valuation analysis based on the actual activities associated with placing each aircraft into a market or using current published third-party aircraft valuations based on the type and age of the aircraft, adjusted for individual attributes and known conditions. 
Used aircraft acquired by the Commercial Airplanes segment are included in Inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value as it is our intent to sell these assets. To mitigate costs and enhance marketability, aircraft may be placed on operating lease. While on operating lease, the assets are included in Customer financing.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is the principal for the majority of its transactions and recognizes revenue on a gross basis. The Company is the principal when it has control of the merchandise or service before it is transferred to the member, which generally is established when Costco is primarily responsible for merchandising decisions, pricing discretion, and maintains the relationship with the member, including assurance of member service and satisfaction. 
The Company accounts for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, ratably over the one-year membership period. Deferred membership fees at the end of 2022 and 2021 were $ 2,174 and $ 2,042 , respectively. 
In most countries, the Company's Executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases, subject to an annual maximum value, which does not expire and is redeemable at Costco warehouses. The Company accounts for this reward as a reduction in sales, net of the estimated impact of non-redemptions (breakage), with the corresponding liability classified as accrued member rewards in the consolidated balance sheets. Estimated breakage is computed based on redemption data. For 2022, 2021, and 2020, the net reduction in sales was $ 2,307 , $ 2,047 , and $ 1,707 respectively.
