COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is subject to multiple examinations for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions. In certain cases, the Company has received assessments from the authorities. Subsequent to the end of 2019, the Company received an assessment related to a product tax audit covering multiple years. The Company recorded a charge of $ 123 in 2019. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company reached an agreement with the tax authority on this matter, resulting in a benefit of $84. Other possible losses or range of possible losses associated with these matters are either immaterial or an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss cannot be made at this time. If certain matters or a group of matters were to be decided adversely to the Company, it could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year. 
The following table shows the amounts used in computing net income per share and the weighted average number of shares of basic and of potentially dilutive common shares outstanding (shares in 000’s):   
The Company is involved in a number of claims, proceedings and litigation arising from its business and property ownership. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company establishes an accrual for legal proceedings if and when those matters reach a stage where they present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. There may be exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. The Company monitors those matters for developments that would affect the likelihood of a loss (taking into account where applicable indemnification arrangements concerning suppliers and insurers) and the accrued amount, if any, thereof, and adjusts the amount as appropriate. As of the date of this Report, the Company has recorded immaterial accruals with respect to certain matters described below, in addition to other immaterial accruals for matters not described below. If the loss contingency at issue is not both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company does not establish an accrual, but will continue to monitor the matter for developments that will make the loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. In each case, there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred, including a loss in excess of the applicable accrual. For matters where no accrual has been recorded, the possible loss or range of loss (including any loss in excess of the accrual) cannot, in the Company's view, be reasonably estimated because, among other things: (i) the remedies or penalties sought are indeterminate or unspecified; (ii) the legal and/or factual theories are not well developed; and/or (iii) the matters involve complex or novel legal theories or a large number of parties.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the Affordable Care Act) includes provisions known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, and medical supplies covered under Medicare and Medicaid to record any transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and to report this data to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for subsequent public disclosure. In October 2018, the Substance Use Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act significantly expanded the types of healthcare providers for which reporting is required, beginning with reports filed in 2022. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level domestically, and an increasing number of governments worldwide either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. Failure to report appropriate data may result in civil or criminal fines and/or penalties. 
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification, including expansion or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act. 
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information, financial information and other sensitive personal information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, China, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California, Virginia, and Colorado) have enacted data protection laws that contain significant compliance obligations and financial penalties for noncompliance. In addition, regulators with general consumer protection authority, such as the Federal Trade Commission and U.S. states Attorneys General, are focused on how consumer data is used by entities in the health care industry. Further, there are regulations of data privacy and security that are specific to health care companies. For example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in business disruption and enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We determine the fair value of each reporting unit using accepted valuation techniques, primarily through the use of discounted cash flows (i.e., an income approach to fair value) supplemented by market-based assessments, if available. The estimated fair values of our reporting units incorporate assumptions regarding the future economic prospects of the assets and operations that comprise each reporting unit including: (i) discrete financial forecasts for the assets comprising the reporting unit, which, in turn, rely on management’s estimates of long-term operating margins, throughput volumes, capital investments and similar factors; (ii) long-term growth rates for the reporting unit’s cash flows beyond the discrete forecast period; and (iii) appropriate discount rates. The fair value estimates are based on Level 3 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. We believe that the assumptions we use in estimating reporting unit fair values are consistent with those that market participants would use in their fair value estimation process. However, due to uncertainties in the estimation process and volatility in the supply and demand for hydrocarbons and similar risk factors, actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.
We did not record any goodwill impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2021. Based on our most recent goodwill impairment test at December 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units was substantially in excess of its carrying value (i.e., by at least 10%).
As noted previously, preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates that affect amounts presented in the financial statements. Due to the time required to compile actual billing information and receive third party data needed to record transactions, we routinely employ estimates in connection with revenue and expense amounts in order to meet our accelerated financial reporting deadlines.
