BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
On September 10, 2018, we completed the sale and issuance of $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.35% unsecured senior notes due March 15, 2024. The senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Bunge Limited. The offering was made pursuant to a registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.   Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears in March and September of each year, commencing on March 15, 2019. The net proceeds of the offering were approximately $594 million after deducting underwriting commissions and estimated offering expenses. We used the net proceeds from this offering, together with available cash, to fund a tender offer and redemption of our $600 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due 2019, which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $24 million related to make-whole payments. 
Includes $136 million  and $179 million  of local currency borrowings in certain Central and Eastern European, South American, African and Asia-Pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 23.61%  and 15.03%  as of December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , respectively. 
 Our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate maturity of our debt. However, credit rating downgrades would increase our borrowing costs under our credit facilities and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on competitive terms. A significant increase in our borrowing costs could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. The increase in revenues outside of the Americas was the result of the increasing acceptance of our services, our focus on marketing our services internationally and investment in additional international resources. Revenues in the Americas and Europe also benefited from our acquisition of Tableau in August 2019. F oreign currency fluctuations, primarily the strengthening British Pound Sterling, had a negative impact on revenues outside of the Americas of approximately $91 million in fiscal 2020 compared to a positive impact of approximately $39 million in fiscal 2019. 
For fiscal 2020, the increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase of $245 million in employee-related costs, an increase of $43 million in stock-based expenses, an increase of $213 million in service delivery costs, primarily due to our efforts to increase data center capacity and an increase of amortization of purchased intangible assets of $225 million. Service delivery costs associated with perpetual and term software licenses is lower than our service delivery costs for our cloud service offerings and as a result, our subscription and support gross margin in fiscal 2020 benefited, in part, due to this shift in our business mix. 
We have increased our headcount by 30 percent since fiscal 2019 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, and our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. The timing of these expenses will affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in future periods.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We have also entered into content partnerships to realize synergies available within the marketplace. In April 2018, we entered into an agreement with Samsung in which our Gemini advertising platform became the exclusive provider of native digital advertising on Samsung mobile products on the Verizon network. In May 2018, Verizon selected Amazon Web Services, Inc. as its preferred public cloud provider. Also, in January 2019, Verizon Media entered into a multi-year global native advertising deal with Microsoft to provide marketers access to 20 percent more native advertising inventory through our Ad Platforms; and an exclusive search advertising partnership in which all search advertising across Verizon Media properties will be served by Microsoft Bing. 
We own or have licenses to various patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business. We actively pursue the filing and registration of patents, copyrights, domain names, trademarks and service marks to protect our intellectual property rights within the United States and abroad. We also actively grant licenses, in exchange for appropriate fees or other consideration and subject to appropriate safeguards and restrictions, to other companies that enable them to utilize certain of our intellectual property rights and proprietary technology as part of their products and services. Such licenses enable the licensees to take advantage of the results of Verizon’s research and development efforts. While these licenses result in valuable consideration being paid to us, we do not believe that the loss of such consideration, or the expiration of any of our intellectual property rights, would have a material effect on our results of operations. 
We periodically receive offers from third parties to purchase or obtain licenses for patents and other intellectual property rights in exchange for royalties or other payments. We also periodically receive notices alleging that our products or services infringe on third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. These claims, whether against us directly or against third-party suppliers of products or services that we, in turn, sell to our customers, if successful, could require us to pay damages or royalties, or cease offering the relevant products or services.
