MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
2020 Change in net revenues (by percentage point) Total change in net revenues 2.8   % Removing the following items affecting comparability: Unfavorable currency 2.4 pp Impact of divestiture 0.2 pp Impact of acquisitions (1.7) pp 
Net revenue increase of 2.8% was driven by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 3.7% and the impact of acquisitions, mostly offset by unfavorable currency and the impact of a prior-year divestiture. Net revenues were higher in developed markets, particularly North America, where due to the COVID-19 outbreak and response, demand for our products, primarily biscuits and chocolate, grew significantly as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption. However, our gum and candy categories as well as our world travel retail and foodservice businesses were negatively impacted by COVID-19. In emerging markets, where we have a greater concentration of traditional trade, several markets were challenged by COVID-19 impacts, particularly those with significant gum and candy portfolios. Overall, as the negative impacts of COVID-19 experienced in the first half of the year subsided in the second half of the year, revenue growth began to recover in a number of our key emerging markets, though overall emerging markets net revenues declined due to unfavorable currency impacts. 
Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Higher net pricing in all regions except Europe was due to the benefit of carryover pricing from 2019 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2020. Favorable volume/mix in North America and Europe, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in Latin America and AMEA, included strong volume gains tempered by unfavorable mix reflecting shifts in consumer purchases in response to the COVID-19 outbreak. The April 1, 2020 acquisition of Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $390 million and the July 16, 2019 acquisition of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks added incremental net revenues of $55 million in 2020. Unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $637 million, due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies, including the Brazilian real, Argentinean peso, Russian ruble, Mexican peso, Indian rupee, South African rand and Turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, Philippine peso, British pound sterling, Egyptian pound and Swedish krona. The impact of the May 28, 2019 divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $55 million. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• women’s health products, including Duphaston™, for the treatment of many different gynecological disorders; and Femoston™, a hormone replacement therapy for postmenopausal women; 
• cardiovascular and metabolic products, including Lipanthyl™ and TriCor™, for the treatment of dyslipidemia; Teveten™ and Teveten™ Plus, for the treatment of essential hypertension, and Physiotens™, for the treatment of hypertension; and Synthroid™, for the treatment of hypothyroidism; 
• pain and central nervous system products, including Serc™, for the treatment of Ménière’s disease and vestibular vertigo; Brufen™, for the treatment of pain, fever, and inflammation; and Sevedol™, for the treatment of severe migraines; and

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Multiemployer Pension Plans —The Company is also required to contribute to various multiemployer pension plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreement ("CBAs") that cover certain of its union-represented employees. These plans are jointly administered by trustees for participating employers and the applicable unions. 
If the Company elects to stop participation in a multiemployer pension plan, or if the number of the Company’s employees participating in a plan is reduced to a certain degree over certain periods of time, the Company may be required to pay a withdrawal liability based upon the underfunded status of the plan. 
 The Company’s participation in multiemployer pension plans for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2019 is outlined in the tables below. The Company considers significant plans to be those plans to which the Company contributed more than 5 % of total contributions to the plan in a given plan year, or for which the Company believes its estimated withdrawal liability, should it decide to voluntarily withdraw from the plan, may be material to the Company. For each plan that is considered individually significant to the Company, the following information is provided:
