BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We expect to call a special meeting of shareholders in 2023 to seek approval for the Redomestication. On December 21, 2022, we filed a proxy statement in preliminary form with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in connection with this special meeting and intend to file a proxy statement in definitive form. The preliminary proxy statement and the proxy statement in definitive form, when available, contain important information about the Redomestication and Bunge and you are encouraged to review these documents. 
Overview —Our Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in purchasing, storing, transporting, processing, and selling agricultural commodities and commodity products while managing risk across various value chains. The principal agricultural commodities that we handle in this segment are oilseeds, primarily soybeans, rapeseed, canola, and sunflower seed, and grains, primarily wheat and corn. We process oilseeds into vegetable oils and protein meals, principally for the food, animal feed and biofuel industries, through a global network of facilities. Our footprint is well balanced, with approximately 36% of our processing capacity located in South America, 26% in North America, 23% in Europe and 15% in Asia-Pacific. 
Customers —We sell agricultural commodities and processed commodity products to customers throughout the world. The principal purchasers of our oilseeds, grains and oilseed meal are animal feed manufacturers, livestock producers, wheat and corn millers, and other oilseed processors. As a result, our agribusiness operations generally benefit from global demand for protein, primarily poultry and pork products. The principal purchasers of the unrefined vegetable oils produced in this segment are our own refined and specialty oils businesses, third-party edible oil processors, which use these oils as raw materials in the production of edible oil products for the food service, and the food processor and retail markets, as well as biofuel companies, which use the oil as feedstock for biofuel production.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various Internet of Things (IoT) services and products. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world. In 2019 , the Business segment's revenues were $31.4 billion , representing approximately 24% of Verizon’s consolidated revenues. As of December 31, 2019 , Business had approximately 25 million wireless retail postpaid connections and approximately 489 thousand broadband connections. 
Additional discussion of our reportable segments is included in the 2019 Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders under the headings "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Overview" and - "Segment Results of Operations" and in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which are incorporated by reference into this report. 
Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. Our Business segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups targeted by these offerings: Global Enterprise, Small and Medium Business, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Customer 360 Platform. Acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. This process resulted in our acquisition of several companies in recent years, notably our acquisition of Slack in fiscal 2022. 
We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted geographies, businesses and technological initiatives. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. 
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.
