SALESFORCE INC report:
Stock-based expenses related to the Company’s Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP” or “2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan”) are measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing 
model. The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to shares issued pursuant to the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is 12 months. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a 15 percent discount and also allows employees to reduce their percentage election once during a six month purchase period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but not increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The ESPP also includes a re-set provision for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date. 
Stock-based expenses related to performance share grants, which are awarded to executive officers, are measured based on grant date at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and expensed on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of three years .

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• In 2020, we updated Our Shared Purpose to reflect the evolution of our culture to drive our business strategy. In 2021 we focused on further embedding Our Shared Purpose into the employee experience, including in our recruiting and hiring practices, performance management, learning and development offerings, leadership development and employee feedback and measurement. 
In addition to the above discussion of our employees, please see information about Allstate agents under the caption “Allstate Protection Segment - Products and Distribution” in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
Our website is allstate.com. The Allstate Corporation’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports that we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available on the Investor Relations section of our website (www.allstateinvestors.com), free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Global Code of Business Conduct, and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee, Executive Committee and Risk and Return Committee are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. The information found on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document filed with the SEC.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
(2) During 2022, we recorded net gains of $ 119 million in connection with the open market repurchases, which were reflected within Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of income. 
(1) Net proceeds were net of underwriting discounts and other issuance costs. In addition, for securities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, net proceeds are shown on a U.S. dollar equivalent basis. 
(2) An amount equal to the net proceeds from this green bond is expected to be used to fund, in whole or in part, certain renewable energy projects, including new and existing investments made by us during the period from December 1, 2021 through the maturity date of the green bond.
