WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Corporate operations primarily consist of executive management, administrative support services, substantially all of our share-based compensation and transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of Scripps Networks. 
The Adjusted OIBDA loss increased 23%  in 2018 as compared to 2017. Excluding the impact of the Transactions and foreign currency fluctuations, the Adjusted OIBDA loss increased 16% , due to an increase in selling, general and administrative costs driven by increases in technology costs, tax advisory fees, and share-based compensation. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and on a pro forma combined basis, the Adjusted OIBDA loss was largely consistent with the prior year as the aforementioned increases were offset by a reduction in personnel costs as a result of restructuring and the integration of Scripps Networks. 
The impairment of goodwill presented above for corporate and inter-segment eliminations is a portion of the total goodwill impairment recorded for the European reporting unit during 2017. The remaining portion of the impairment of $ 489 million  is a component of our International Networks segment. The presentation of goodwill impairment is consistent with the financial reports that are reviewed by the Company's CEO. Goodwill has been allocated from corporate assets to reporting units within corporate and inter-segment eliminations.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from propylene production and related marketing activities for 2019 decreased $17.5 million when compared to 2018. Gross operating margin from our Mont Belvieu propylene splitters decreased $29.6 million year-to-year primarily due to lower sales margins, which accounted for a $65.0 million decrease, lower average propylene fractionation fees, which accounted for a $13.3 million decrease, and lower propylene production volumes, which accounted for an additional $11.2 million decrease, partially offset by higher propylene sales volumes, which accounted for a $59.2 million increase. Propylene production volumes from our splitter units decreased 4 MBPD (net to our interest). Gross operating margin from our PDH 1 facility, which was placed into service in April 2018, increased $14.0 million year-to-year primarily due to higher propylene and associated by-product sales volumes. Plant production for PDH 1, which includes by-products, increased 2 MBPD year-to-year.
Gross operating margin from butane isomerization and deisobutanizer (“DIB”) operations for 2019 decreased $13.5 million when compared to 2018 primarily due to lower average by-product sales prices, which accounted for a $9.5 million decrease, and higher operating costs, which accounted for an additional $5.3 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our octane enhancement facility and HPIB plants for 2019 increased an aggregate $11.9 million when compared to 2018 primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for a $26.4 million increase, partially offset by lower sales volumes, which accounted for a $13.9 million decrease. Additionally, our iBDH facility, which completed construction and was placed into service during December 2019, had a gross operating loss of $4.8 million, primarily due to start-up costs incurred prior to being placed into service.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Regulation of Intrastate Natural Gas and NGL Pipelines. Intrastate transportation of natural gas and NGLs is largely regulated by the state in which such transportation takes place. To the extent that our intrastate natural gas transportation systems transport natural gas in interstate commerce, the rates and terms and conditions of such services are subject to FERC jurisdiction under Section 311 of the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (“NGPA”). The NGPA regulates, among other things, the provision of transportation services by an intrastate natural gas pipeline on behalf of a local distribution company or an interstate natural gas pipeline. The rates and terms and conditions of some transportation and storage services provided on the Oasis pipeline, HPL System, East Texas pipeline, ET Fuel System, Trans-Pecos pipeline and Comanche Trail pipeline are subject to FERC regulation pursuant to Section 311 of the NGPA. Under Section 311, rates charged for intrastate transportation must be fair and equitable, and amounts collected in excess of fair and equitable rates are subject to refund with interest. The terms and conditions of service set forth in the intrastate facility’s statement of operating conditions are also subject to FERC review and approval. Should the FERC determine not to authorize rates equal to or greater than our currently approved Section 311 rates, our business may be adversely affected. Failure to observe the service limitations applicable to transportation and storage services under Section 311, failure to comply with the rates approved by the FERC for Section 311 service, and failure to comply with the terms and conditions of service established in the pipeline’s FERC-approved statement of operating conditions could result in an alteration of jurisdictional status, and/or the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal remedies. 
Our intrastate natural gas operations are also subject to regulation by various agencies in Texas, principally the TRRC. Our intrastate pipeline and storage operations in Texas are also subject to the Texas Utilities Code, as implemented by the TRRC. Generally, the TRRC is vested with authority to ensure that rates, operations and services of gas utilities, including intrastate pipelines, are just and reasonable and not discriminatory. The rates we charge for transportation services are deemed just and reasonable under Texas law unless challenged in a customer or TRRC complaint. We cannot predict whether such a complaint will be filed against us or whether the TRRC will change its regulation of these rates. Failure to comply with the Texas Utilities Code can result in the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal remedies. 
Our NGL pipelines and operations are subject to state statutes and regulations which could impose additional environmental, safety and operational requirements relating to the design, siting, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of NGL transportation systems. In some jurisdictions, state public utility commission oversight may include the possibility of fines, penalties and delays in construction related to these regulations. In addition, the rates, terms and conditions of service for shipments of NGLs on our pipelines are subject to regulation by the FERC under the Interstate Commerce Act ("ICA") and the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (the "EPAct of 1992") if the NGLs are transported in interstate or foreign commerce whether by our pipelines or other means of transportation. Since we do not control the entire transportation path of all NGLs shipped on our pipelines, FERC regulation could be triggered by our customers' transportation decisions.
