BOEING CO report:
At BDS, we continue to see stable demand reflecting the important role our products and services have in ensuring our national security. Outside of the U.S., we are seeing similar solid demand as governments prioritize security, defense technology and global cooperation given evolving threats. We continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to supplier disruption, labor instability and factory performance. These factors have contributed to significant earnings charges on a number of fixed-price development programs which are expected to adversely affect cash flows in future periods. 
As a result of the war in Ukraine, we recorded earnings charges totaling $212 million during the first quarter of 2022, primarily related to asset impairments. We have closed our facilities in Russia. We are focused on the safety of our employees and retaining the strength of our engineering talent through voluntary transfers to other countries. We have also suspended our business in Russia, including parts, maintenance and technical support for Russian airlines, and purchases from Russian suppliers. We are complying with U.S. and international sanctions and export control restrictions. We have sufficient material and parts to avoid production disruptions in the near-term, but future impacts to our production from disruptions in our supply chain are possible. The war in Ukraine continues to impact our airline and lessor customers. We continue to monitor developments and potential Boeing impacts, and take mitigating actions as appropriate. 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues $66,608   $62,286 $58,158 GAAP Loss from operations ($3,547) ($2,902) ($12,767) Operating margins (5.3) % (4.7) % (22.0) % Effective income tax rate (0.6) % 14.8 % 17.5 % Net loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders ($4,935) ($4,202) ($11,873) Diluted loss per share ($8.30) ($7.15) ($20.88)

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Fios Traditional TV, which provides customers with a variety of package offerings. The most basic package offering includes more than 15 channels including core networks while the other packages all include access to more than 280 channels. 
Fios on Demand, which gives Fios customers the ability to watch content virtually anytime and anywhere, on any compatible device. Customers who subscribe to Fios Internet and video services also have the ability to upload their photos, music and videos to their personal Fios on Demand Library, which gives them access to this content via various data-capable devices. 
Enterprise Solutions helps customers transform their businesses to compete in the digital economy, with solutions that adapt to increasingly dynamic needs for connectivity, security and collaboration. With the accelerating pace of digital transformation, mitigating risk, maintaining business continuity, and capitalizing on data to create personalized experiences are key priorities for global enterprise companies. Enterprise Solutions offers traditional circuit-based network products and services and advanced networking solutions, including Private Internet Protocol (IP), Ethernet, and Software-Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN), and cyber security services, along with our traditional voice services, and advanced workforce productivity and customer contact center solutions. In 2018 , Enterprise Solutions revenues were $8.8 billion , representing approximately 30%  of Wireline’s aggregate revenues.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Supporting Our Communities . Giving back is foundational to our corporate culture and our core value of equality. In the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, our social value contribution include the following: 
• Approximately $1.4 billion in donated or discounted products provided to non-profits and higher education institutions via Salesforce.org. We calculate the social value of products sold or donated based on the estimated price we would have received if a comparable product was sold to a for-profit business of similar size and location, less the price that we received, if any, for the same product from a qualified non-profit educational institution or other Non-Government Organization (“NGO”). When a comparable Salesforce product price was not readily available, we used a ratio based on the weighted average of the Salesforce price to a for-profit company compared to the Salesforce price to a non-profit company. 
Climate Action . Salesforce continues to support science-based climate policies and decarbonization actions intended to limit the global average temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.
