WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Co-financing arrangements generally represent the assignment of an economic interest in a film or television series to a producing partner. The Company generally records the amounts received for the assignment of an interest as a reduction of production cost, as the partner assumes the risk for their share of the film or series asset. The substance of these arrangements is that the third-party partner owns an interest in the film or series; therefore, in each period, the Company reflects in the consolidated statements of operations either a charge or benefit to cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization to reflect the estimate of the third-party partner’s interest in the profits or losses incurred on the film or series using the individual film forecast method, based on the terms of the arrangement. On occasion, the Company acquires the economic interest in a film from a producing partner; in this case, the Company capitalizes the acquisition cost as a content asset in film and television content rights and games and accounts for the third-party partner’s share in applicable distribution results as described above. For our collaborative arrangements entered into with third parties to jointly finance and distribute certain theatrical and television productions, net participation costs of $ 276 million were recorded in cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
Income taxes are recorded using the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates the Company expects to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not such assets will be unrealized. 
From time to time, the Company engages in transactions in which the tax consequences may be uncertain. Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax consequences of these transactions. The Company prepares and files tax returns based on its interpretation of tax laws and regulations. In the normal course of business, the Company’s tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates. Long-lived assets are required to be tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives must be tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related asset might be impaired. An impairment of an investment in an unconsolidated affiliate is recognized when circumstances indicate that a decline in the investment value is other than temporary. An impairment loss should be recognized only if the carrying amount of the asset/goodwill is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. 
In order to test for recoverability when performing a quantitative impairment test, we must make estimates of projected cash flows related to the asset, which include, but are not limited to, assumptions about the use or disposition of the asset, estimated remaining life of the asset, and future expenditures necessary to maintain the asset’s existing service potential. In order to determine fair 
value, we make certain estimates and assumptions, including, among other things, changes in general economic conditions in regions in which our markets are located, the availability and prices of natural gas, our ability to negotiate favorable sales agreements, the risks that natural gas exploration and production activities will not occur or be successful, our dependence on certain significant customers and producers of natural gas, and competition from other companies, including major energy producers. While we believe we have made reasonable assumptions to calculate the fair value, if future results are not consistent with our estimates, we could be exposed to future impairment losses that could be material to our results of operations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Stock-based compensation awarded to employees and non-employee directors is valued at fair value on the grant date. We record stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period, generally three years. Forfeitures are estimated on the grant date for all of our stock-based compensation awards. 
We provide a range of benefits to our current and retired employees. These include pension benefits, postretirement health care benefits and postemployment benefits depending upon jurisdiction, tenure, job level and other factors. Local statutory requirements govern many of the benefit plans we provide around the world. Local government plans generally cover health care benefits for retirees outside the United States, Canada and United Kingdom. As such, our U.S., Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries provide health care and other benefits to most retired employees. Our postemployment benefit plans provide primarily severance benefits for eligible salaried and certain hourly employees. The cost for these plans is recognized in earnings primarily over the working life of the covered employee. 
We use financial instruments to manage our currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program, which focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. A principal objective of our risk management strategies is to reduce significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations that may arise from volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates, principally through the use of derivative instruments.
