SALESFORCE INC report:
Unearned revenue and remaining performance obligation are influenced by several factors, including new business seasonality within the year, the specific timing, size and duration of large customer subscription agreements, the timing and compounding effects of customer renewals, varying billing cycles of subscription agreements, invoice timing, foreign currency fluctuations and new business linearity. Our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals, and our first quarter is generally our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. For a more detailed discussion, see the “Seasonal Nature of Unearned Revenue, Accounts Receivable and Operating Cash Flow” discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal 2019, 2018 or 2017. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. We provide best-practices based support and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide more advanced education, including instructor-led and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
During 2020, we recorded net pre-tax pension and benefits charges of $ 1.6 billion in our pension and postretirement benefit plans. The charges were recorded in Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statement of income and were primarily driven by a charge of $ 3.2 billion due to a decrease in our discount rate assumption used to determine the current year liabilities of our pension plans and postretirement benefit plans from a weighted-average of 3.3 % at December 31, 2019 to a weighted-average of 2.6 % at December 31, 2020, partially offset by a credit of $ 1.6 billion due to the difference between our estimated and our actual return on assets. During 2020, we also recorded net pre-tax severance charges of $ 309 million in Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income. 
The effective income tax rate for 2022 and 2021 was 23.1 %. The effective income tax rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was comparable to the similar period in 2021. The decrease in the provision for income taxes was primarily due to the decrease in income before income taxes in the current period. 
The effective income tax rate for 2021 was 23.1 % compared to 23.4 % for 2020. The decrease in the effective income tax rate was primarily due to the sale of Verizon Media in 2021, partially offset by the non-recurring tax benefit recognized in 2020 from a series of legal entity restructurings. The increase in the provision for income taxes was primarily due to the increase in income before income taxes in 2021.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Operating costs and expenses decreased 1.5% or $10 million in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to lower operating costs at Allstate Roadside, partially offset by expenses associated with continued growth at Allstate Protection Plans. 
Amortization of purchased intangibles relates to the acquisitions of Allstate Protection Plans and Allstate Identity Protection. We recorded amortization expense of $106 million in 2020 compared to $122 million in 2019. 
Underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of claims and claims expense reserves. For a description of our reserve process, see Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements. Further, for a description of our reserving policies and the potential variability in our reserve estimates, see the Application of Critical Accounting Estimates section of the MD&A. These reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including IBNR claims, as of the reporting date.
