SALESFORCE INC report:
The comparability of our operating results for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 compared to the same period of fiscal 2020 was impacted by our acquisitions in the current and prior year, including the acquisition of Tableau in the prior year, which was our largest acquisition to date. In our discussion of changes in our results of operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 compared to the same periods of fiscal 2020, we may quantitatively disclose the impact of our acquired products and services for the fiscal year subsequent to the acquisition date on the growth in certain of our revenues where such discussions would be meaningful. Expense contributions from our recent acquisitions for each of the respective period comparisons generally were not separately identifiable due to the integration of these businesses into our existing operations or were insignificant to our results of operations during the periods presented . 
The increase in subscription and support revenues was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new business, which includes new customers, upgrades, additional subscriptions from existing customers and acquisition activity. Pricing was 
not a significant driver of the increase in revenues for the period. Revenues from term and perpetual software licenses, which are recognized at a point in time, represent approximately six percent of total subscription and support revenues for fiscal 2021. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 94 percent of our total revenues for both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Novel Coronavirus Pandemic or COVID-19 (“Coronavirus ”) resulted in governments worldwide enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including travel restrictions, government-imposed shelter-in-place orders, quarantine periods, social distancing, and restrictions on large gatherings. These measures moderated in 2021 as vaccines have become more widely available in the United States and Canada. There is no way of predicting with certainty how long the pandemic might last. We continue to closely monitor and proactively adapt to developments and changing conditions. Currently, it is not possible to reliably estimate the impact to our operations, but the effects have been and could be material. 
Fixed income securities include bonds and asset-backed securities (“ABS”). ABS includes mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”) that were previously disclosed separately. Fixed income securities, which may be sold prior to their contractual maturity, are designated as available-for-sale (“AFS”) and are carried at fair value. The difference between amortized cost, net of credit loss allowances (“amortized cost, net”) and fair value, net of deferred income taxes and related life deferred policy acquisition costs (“DAC”), is reflected as a component of AOCI. The Company excludes accrued interest receivable from the amortized cost basis of its AFS fixed income securities. Cash received from calls and make-whole payments is reflected as a component of proceeds from sales and cash received from maturities and pay-downs is reflected as a component of investment collections within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
Equity securities primarily include common stocks, exchange traded and mutual funds, non-redeemable preferred stocks and real estate investment trust equity investments. Certain exchange traded and mutual funds have fixed income securities as their underlying investments. Equity securities are carried at fair value. Equity securities without readily determinable or estimable fair values are measured using the measurement alternative, which is cost less impairment, if any, and adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We monitor delinquency and write-off experience based on the quality of our device payment plan agreement and wireless service receivables portfolios. The extent of our collection efforts with respect to a particular customer are based on the results of our proprietary custom internal scoring models that analyze the customer’s past performance to predict the likelihood of the customer falling further delinquent. These custom scoring models assess a number of variables, including origination characteristics, customer account history and payment patterns. Since our customers’ behaviors may be impacted by general economic conditions, we analyzed whether changes in macroeconomic conditions impact our credit loss experience and have concluded that our credit loss estimates are generally not materially impacted by reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. Based on the score derived from these models, accounts are grouped by risk category to determine the collection strategy to be applied to such accounts. For device payment plan agreement receivables and wireless service receivables, we consider an account to be delinquent and in default status if there are unpaid charges remaining on the account on the day after the bill’s due date. The risk class determines the speed and severity of the collections effort including initiatives taken to facilitate customer payment. 
Total Assets: Prepaid expenses and other: Fixed income securities $ —   $ 18   $ —   $ 18   Interest rate swaps —   188   —   188   Cross currency swaps —   9   —   9   Foreign exchange forwards —   12   —   12   Other assets: Fixed income securities —   391   —   391   Interest rate swaps —   285   —   285   Cross currency swaps —   580   —   580   Interest rate caps —   44   —   44   Total $ —   $ 1,527   $ —   $ 1,527   Liabilities: Other current liabilities: Interest rate swaps $ —   $ 1   $ —   $ 1   Forward starting interest rate swaps —   302   —   302   Cross currency swaps —   218   —   218   Contingent consideration —   —   231   231   Other liabilities: Interest rate swaps —   665   —   665   Cross currency swaps —   1,406   —   1,406   Interest rate caps —   44   —   44   Contingent consideration —   —   313   313   Total $ —   $ 2,636   $ 544   $ 3,180   
Total Assets: Prepaid expenses and other: Foreign exchange forwards $ —   $ 12   $ —   $ 12   Other assets: Fixed income securities —   459   —   459   Interest rate swaps —   787   —   787   Cross currency swaps —   1,446   —   1,446   Total $ —   $ 2,704   $ —   $ 2,704   Liabilities: Other current liabilities: Forward starting interest rate swaps $ —   $ 409   $ —   $ 409   Foreign exchange forwards —   2   —   2   Other liabilities: Interest rate swaps —   303   —   303   Cross currency swaps —   196   —   196   Forward starting interest rate swaps —   388   —   388   Total $ —   $ 1,298   $ —   $ 1,298
