ALLSTATE CORP report:
Benefit ratio decreased to 47.2 in 2020 compared to 52.5 in 2019 primarily due to lower contract benefits for critical illness and accident products and an increase in contract charges associated with the annual review of assumptions. 
Our annual comprehensive review of assumptions underlying estimated future gross profits for our interest-sensitive life contracts resulted in an acceleration of DAC amortization (decrease to income) of $28 million or 5.8% of the unamortized DAC asset balance in 2020 compared to $2 million in 2019. In both 2020 and 2019, DAC amortization acceleration primarily related to lower projected investment returns, partially offset by favorable projected mortality. 
(2) Represents the change in the DAC adjustment for unrealized capital gains and losses. The DAC adjustment represents the amount by which the amortization of DAC would increase or decrease if the unrealized gains and losses in the respective product portfolios were realized.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Overview —We are a leading, integrated producer of sugar and ethanol in Brazil. We own and operate eight sugarcane mills in Brazil, the world's largest producer and exporter of sugar. As of December 31, 2018, our mills had a total crushing capacity of approximately 22 million metric tons per year. Sugarcane, which is the raw material that we use to produce sugar and ethanol, is supplied by a combination of our own plantations and third-party farmers. Additionally, through cogeneration facilities at our sugarcane mills, we produce electricity from the burning of sugarcane bagasse (the fibrous portion of the sugarcane that remains after the extraction of sugarcane juice) in boilers, which enables our mills to meet their energy requirements. Any surplus electricity is sold to the local grid or other large third-party users of electricity. 
In 2018, we exited our international sugar trading operations and renewable oils joint venture in Brazil and continue to explore alternatives to reduce our exposure to the Brazilian sugarcane milling business, such as an initial public offering, sale, joint venture or other alternatives. The nature and timing of any potential outcome or transaction is uncertain and cannot be predicted. Over the past several years we have also focused on improving the efficiency and lowering the operating costs of this business. 
Raw Materials —Sugarcane is our principal raw material in this segment and we both produce it and procure it through third-party supply contracts. The annual harvesting cycle in Brazil typically begins in late March/early April and ends in late November/early December. Once planted, sugarcane is harvested for five to seven years on average, but the yield decreases with each harvest over the life cycle of the cane. As a result, after this period, old sugarcane plants are typically removed, and the area is replanted. The quality and yield of the harvested cane are also affected by factors such as soil quality, moisture topography, weather and agricultural practices.

BOEING CO report:
At December 31, 2019 , we were in compliance with the covenants for our debt and credit facilities. The most restrictive covenants include a limitation on mortgage debt and sale and leaseback transactions as a percentage of consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in the credit agreements), and a limitation on consolidated debt as a percentage of total capital (as defined). When considering debt covenants, we continue to have substantial borrowing capacity. 
Excludes income tax matters. As of December 31, 2019 , our net liability for income taxes payable, including uncertain tax positions of $1,409 million , was $1,262 million . Aside from $670 million of income taxes payable expected to be paid in 2020, we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to the remaining net liability for income taxes payable. For further discussion of income taxes, see Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
We plan to acquire an 80% ownership stake in a joint venture comprised of the commercial aircraft and services operations of Embraer. For additional information, see Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
