ALLSTATE CORP report:
Contractholder funds represent interest-bearing liabilities arising from the sale of products such as interest-sensitive life insurance. The balance of contractholder funds is equal to the cumulative deposits received and interest credited to the contractholder less cumulative contract benefits, surrenders, withdrawals and contract charges for mortality or administrative expenses.  Change in contractholder funds 
The table above illustrates the changes in contractholder funds, which are presented gross of reinsurance recoverables on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The table above is intended to supplement our discussion and analysis of revenues, which are presented net of reinsurance on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As a result, the net change in contractholder funds associated with products reinsured is reflected as a component of the other adjustments line. 
 Contractholder deposits decreased 1.7% in 2019 compared to 2018 . The weighted average guaranteed crediting rate and weighted average current crediting rate for our interest-sensitive life insurance contracts, excluding variable life, are both 3.9% as of December 31, 2019 .

BOEING CO report:
The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from employees and other partners. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging. In addition, the introduction of new aircraft and derivatives, such as the 777X and 737 MAX derivatives, involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production and certification schedules. These challenges include increased global regulatory scrutiny of all development aircraft in the wake of the 737 MAX accidents. As a result, our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards and achieve or maintain, as applicable, program profitability is subject to significant risks. Factors that could result in lower margins (or a material charge if an airplane program has or is determined to have reach-forward losses) include the following: changes to the program accounting quantity, customer and model mix, production costs and rates, changes to price escalation factors due to changes in the inflation rate or other economic indicators, performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft, capital expenditures and other costs associated with increasing or adding new production capacity, learning curve, additional change incorporation, achieving anticipated cost reductions, the addition of regulatory requirements in connection with certification in one or more jurisdictions, flight test and certification schedules, costs, schedule and demand for new airplanes and derivatives and status of customer claims, supplier claims or assertions and other contractual negotiations. While we believe the cost and revenue estimates incorporated in the consolidated financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become 
The Omnibus appropriations acts for FY21, enacted in December 2020, provided FY21 appropriations for government departments and agencies, including the United States Department of Defense (U.S. DoD), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and the Federal Aviation Administration. 
The enacted FY21 appropriations included funding for Boeing’s major programs, such as the F/A-18 Super Hornet, F-15EX, CH-47 Chinook, AH-64 Apache, V-22 Osprey, KC-46A Tanker, P-8 Poseidon and Space Launch System. However, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to future program-level appropriations for the U.S. DoD and other government agencies, including NASA. Future budget cuts or investment priority changes, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In July 2017, we announced a global competitiveness program (“GCP”) to improve our cost position and deliver increased value to shareholders. When fully implemented, the GCP is expected to reduce overhead costs by approximately $250 million annually. The key elements of the GCP strategy outlined to meet this goal include improving efficiency and scalability by simplifying organizational structures, streamlining processes and consolidating back office functions globally, and adopting a zero-based budgeting process that will target excess costs in specific budget categories. The GCP supplements other cost reduction and strategic initiatives designed to enhance the efficiency and performance our business. The implementation of these activities is expected to generate the $250 million of reduced overhead costs by the end of 2019 and to further benefit us in 2020. Additionally, we intend to apply the strategies and insights gained from the GCP to develop additional opportunities to reduce costs and increase efficiency in other areas of our business. For more information see Note 2 -  Global Competitiveness Program  to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Risk management is a fundamental aspect of our business. Engaging in the hedging of risk exposures and anticipating market developments are critical to protect and enhance our return on assets. As such, we are active in derivative markets for agricultural commodities, energy, ocean freight, foreign currency and interest rates. We seek to leverage the market insights that we gain through our global operations across our businesses by actively managing our physical and financial positions on a daily basis. See "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk " 
In each country where we conduct business, our operations and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. We insure our businesses and assets in each country in a manner that we deem appropriate for a company of our size and activities, based on an analysis of the relative risks and costs. We believe that our geographic dispersion of assets helps mitigate risk to our business from an adverse event affecting a specific facility; however, if we were to incur a significant loss or liability for which we were not insured in full or in part, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
