VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Display advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage proprietary data signals to identify and engage users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through Verizon Media Ad Platform, we provide customers the ability to buy advertising inventory, measure campaigns across screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services. We also provide publishers with the ability to monetize their ad inventory. 
Ecommerce. Our Ecommerce offering includes different types of business models, including facilitating transactions between businesses and consumers, enabling businesses that facilitate transactions for other businesses, and facilitating transactions between consumers. 
Subscription memberships. Our paid subscription offerings include premium content and services across our mail, news, finance, sports and entertainment properties, privacy and security solutions and computer protection.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company considers all of its marketable debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classifies these securities within current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value, with the change in unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income until realized. Fair value is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Declines in fair value judged to be other-than-temporary on securities available for sale are included as a reduction to investment income. To determine whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary, the Company evaluates, among other factors: the duration and extent to which the fair value has been less than the carrying value and its intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. For the purposes of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses, the cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. Interest on securities classified as available for sale is included as a component of investment income. 
The Company holds strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities and publicly held equity securities in which the Company does not have a controlling interest or significant influence. 
Privately held equity securities are recorded at cost and adjusted for observable transactions for same or similar investments of the same issuer (referred to as the measurement alternative) or impairment. All gains and losses on privately held equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recorded through gains on strategic investments, net on the consolidated statement of operations. Privately held debt securities are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through accumulated other comprehensive income on the consolidated balance sheet.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company consolidates VIEs when it is the primary beneficiary. A primary beneficiary is the variable interest holder in a VIE with both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses, or the right to receive benefits, that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
The local currency of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is deemed to be the functional currency of the country in which these subsidiaries operate. The financial statements of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the end of a reporting period for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates during the period for results of operations. 
The unrealized gains and losses from the translation of the net assets are recorded as unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments and included in AOCI. Changes in unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments are included in OCI. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are reported in operating costs and expenses and have not been material.
