ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• a decrease of $86 million in operating expenses due to cost-saving initiatives, including a decrease of $39 million in outside services, $25 million in materials, $14 million in employee costs and $8 million in office expenses; and 
Volumes. For the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the prior year, NGL transportation volumes increased due to higher throughput volumes on our Mariner East pipeline system. In addition, throughput barrels on our Texas NGL pipeline system increased due to higher receipt of liquids production from both wholly-owned and third-party gas plants primarily in the Permian and North Texas regions, as well as higher export volumes feeding into our Nederland Terminal resulting from the initiation of service on our propane export pipeline in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
Refined products transportation volumes decreased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to prior year due to the closure of a third-party refinery during the third quarter of 2019, which negatively impacted supply to our refined products transportation system, and less domestic demand for jet fuel and other refined products. These decreases in volumes were partially offset by the initiation of service of our JC Nolan diesel fuel pipeline in the third quarter of 2019.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The results of operations from our marine transportation business are generally dependent upon the level of fees charged (e.g., set day rates or fee per cargo movement) to transport petroleum products.
Our marine transportation business is subject to regulation, including by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”), Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Coast Guard (“USCG”). For information regarding these regulations, see “Regulatory Matters – Federal Regulation of Marine Operations,” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion.
The following information describes the principal effects of regulation on our operations, including those regulations involving safety and environmental matters and the rates we charge customers for transportation services.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
As described in Notes 2 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s reserves for uncertain tax positions were $ 420 million as of December 31, 2021. Management establishes a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless management determines that such positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on their technical merits, including the resolution of any appeals or litigation processes. As disclosed by management, significant judgment is exercised in evaluating all relevant information, the technical merits of the tax positions, and the accurate measurement of uncertain tax positions when determining the amount of the reserve and whether positions taken on the Company’s tax returns are more likely than not to be sustained. This also involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the potential outcome of positions taken on tax returns that may be reviewed by tax authorities. 
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to certain reserves for uncertain tax positions is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining certain reserves for uncertain tax positions, including a high degree of estimation uncertainty when determining the reserves and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to management’s determination of certain reserves for uncertain tax positions, the technical merits of the tax positions, and the accurate measurement of the uncertain tax positions.
