SALESFORCE INC report:
Substantially all of the Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The estimation of fair value for these investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs, and as a result, the Company deems these assets as Level 3 within the fair value measurement framework. For investments without a readily determinable fair value, the Company applies valuation methods based on information available, including the market approach and option pricing models (“OPM”). Observable transactions, such as the issuance of new equity by an investee, are indicators of investee enterprise value and are used to estimate the fair value of the Company’s investments. An OPM may be utilized to allocate value to the various classes of securities of the investee, including classes owned by the Company. Such information, available to the Company from investee companies, is supplemented with estimates such as volatility, expected time to liquidity and the rights and obligations of the securities the Company holds. When indicators of impairment are observed, the Company generally uses the market approach to estimate the fair value of its investment, giving consideration to the latest observable transactions, as well as the investee's current and projected financial performance and other significant inputs and assumptions, including estimated time to exit, selection and analysis of guideline public companies and the rights and obligations of the securities the Company holds. The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments amounted to $ 4.6 billion and $ 4.4 billion as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 , respectively. 
Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in millions):  
The Company has operating leases for corporate offices, data centers and equipment under noncancellable operating leases with various expiration dates. The leases have noncancellable remaining terms of 1 year to 17 years, some of which include options to extend for up to 5 years, and some of which include options to terminate within 1 year.

BOEING CO report:
Contractual backlog of unfilled orders excludes purchase options, announced orders for which definitive contracts have not been executed, and unobligated U.S. and non-U.S. government contract funding. The decrease in contractual backlog during 2020 was primarily due to a reduction for orders that in our assessment no longer meet the accounting requirements of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606 for inclusion in backlog primarily due to 737 MAX and 777X, deliveries in excess of new orders, aircraft order cancellations and changes in projected price escalation. We are experiencing fewer new 737 MAX orders than we were receiving prior to the grounding. If 737 MAX aircraft remain grounded in certain jurisdictions for an extended period of time and/or if entry into service of the 777X, 737 MAX 7 and/or 737 MAX 10 is further delayed, we may experience additional reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations. Additionally, we may continue to experience fewer new orders and increased cancellations across all of our commercial airplane programs as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated impacts on demand. 
Unobligated backlog includes U.S. and non-U.S. government definitive contracts for which funding has not been authorized. The decrease in unobligated backlog in 2020 was primarily due to reclassifications to contractual backlog related to BGS and BDS contracts, partially offset by contract awards. 
Global Trade We continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements, or sanctions that may impact the company.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
containing asbestos. Environmental claims relate primarily to pollution and related clean-up costs. Other run-off claims exposures primarily relate to general liability and product liability mass tort claims, such as those for medical devices and other products, workers’ compensation claims and claims for various other coverage exposures other than asbestos and environmental. 
In 1986, the general liability policy form used by us and others in the property and casualty industry was amended to introduce an “absolute pollution exclusion,” which excluded coverage for environmental damage claims, and to add an asbestos exclusion. Most general liability policies issued prior to 1987 contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage. General liability policies issued in 1987 and thereafter contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage and annual aggregate limits for all coverages. Our experience to date is that these policy form changes have limited the extent of our exposure to environmental and asbestos claim risks. 
Our exposure to liability for asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims losses manifests differently depending on whether it arises from assumed reinsurance coverage, direct excess commercial insurance or direct primary commercial insurance. The direct insurance coverage we provided that covered asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims was substantially “excess” in nature.
