SALESFORCE INC report:
Since the Foundation’s and Salesforce.org’s inception, the Company has provided at no charge certain resources to those entities' employees such as office space, furniture, equipment, facilities, services and other resources. The value of these items was approximately $15 million , $11 million  and $3 million  for fiscal 2019 , 2018  and 2017, respectively. 
Additionally, the Company allows Salesforce.org to donate subscriptions of the Company’s services to other qualified non-profit organizations. The Company also allows Salesforce.org to resell the Company’s service to non-profit organizations 
and certain education entities. The Company does not charge Salesforce.org for these subscriptions, therefore income from subscriptions sold to non-profit organizations is donated back to the community through charitable grants made by the Foundation and Salesforce.org. The value of the subscriptions sold by Salesforce.org pursuant to the reseller agreement, as amended, was approximately $253 million , $183 million  and $112 million  for fiscal 2019 , 2018  and 2017, respectively.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
In addition to its insolvency protection responsibilities, PLIGA reimburses insurers for unlimited excess medical benefits (“EMBs”) paid in connection with personal injury protection claims in excess of $ 75,000 for policies issued or renewed prior to January 1, 1991, and limited EMB claims in excess of $ 75,000 and capped at $ 250,000 for policies issued or renewed on or after January 1, 1991, to December 31, 2003. 
A significant portion of the incurred claim reserves and the recoverables can be attributed to a small number of catastrophic claims. Assessments paid to PLIGA for the EMB program totaled $ 8.1 million in 2019 . The amounts of paid and unpaid recoverables as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 were $ 446 million and $ 461 million , respectively. 
PLIGA annually assesses all admitted property and casualty insurers writing covered lines in New Jersey for PLIGA indemnification and expenses. PLIGA assessments may be recouped as a surcharge on premiums collected. PLIGA does not ultimately retain underwriting risk as it assesses member companies for their expected qualifying losses to provide funding for payment of its indemnification obligation to member companies for their actual losses. As a pass through, PLIGA facilitates these transactions of receipt of assessments paid by member companies and payment to member companies for covered claims presented by them for indemnification. As of December 31, 2018, the date of its most rece nt annual financial report, PLIGA had a fund balance of $ 250 million .

BOEING CO report:
We review the adequacy of the allowance attributable to the remaining receivables (after excluding receivables subject to a specific impairment allowance) by assessing both the collateral exposure and the applicable cumulative default rate. Collateral exposure for a particular receivable is the excess of the carrying value of the receivable over the fair value of the related collateral. A receivable with an estimated fair value in excess of the carrying value is considered to have no collateral exposure. The applicable cumulative default rate is determined using two components: customer credit ratings and weighted average remaining contract term. Internally assigned credit ratings, our credit quality indicator, are determined for each customer in the portfolio. Those ratings are updated based upon public information and information obtained directly from our customers. 
We have entered into agreements with certain customers that would entitle us to look beyond the specific collateral underlying the receivable for purposes of determining the collateral exposure as described above. Should the proceeds from the sale of the underlying collateral asset resulting from a default condition be insufficient to cover the carrying value of our receivable (creating a shortfall condition), these agreements would, for example, permit us to take the actions necessary to sell or retain certain other assets in which the customer has an equity interest and use the proceeds to cover the shortfall. 
Each quarter we review customer credit ratings, published historical credit default rates for different rating categories, and multiple third-party aircraft value publications as a basis to validate the reasonableness of the allowance for losses on receivables. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from estimates or that the consideration of these factors in the future will not result in an increase or decrease to the allowance for losses on receivables.
