VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our indirect channel includes agents that sell our postpaid and prepaid wireless products and services at retail locations throughout the U.S., as well as through the Internet. The majority of these agents sell both our postpaid and prepaid products and services and do so under exclusive selling arrangements with us. We also have relationships with high-profile national retailers, which sell our postpaid and prepaid wireless products and services, and with various convenience store chains, which sell our prepaid products and services. 
We operate in a highly competitive industry. We compete against other national wireless service providers, including AT&T Inc., Sprint Corporation and T-Mobile USA, Inc., as well as various regional wireless service providers. We also compete for retail activations with resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers for resale, including resellers that buy from us. Competition remains intense as a result of high rates of smartphone penetration in the wireless market, increased network investment by our competitors, the development and deployment of new technologies, the introduction of new products and services, offerings that include additional premium content, new market entrants, the availability of additional spectrum, both licensed and unlicensed and regulatory changes. Competition may also increase as smaller, stand-alone wireless service providers merge or transfer licenses to larger, better capitalized wireless service providers and as mobile virtual network operators resell wireless communication services. 
The wireless industry also faces competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Google Inc., Apple Inc. and others are offering alternative means for making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless provider’s voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. In July 2021, we acquired Slack, a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We plan to integrate Slack with most Salesforce offerings.

BOEING CO report:
Global Trade We continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements or sanctions that may impact the Company. 
The current state of U.S.-China relations remains an ongoing watch item. Since 2018, the U.S. and China have imposed tariffs on each other’s imports. Certain aircraft parts and components that Boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. We are mitigating import costs through Duty Drawback Customs procedures. China is a significant market for commercial aircraft. Boeing has long-standing relationships with our Chinese customers, who represent a key component of our commercial aircraft backlog. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship remains stalled as economic and national security concerns continue to be a challenge. 
Beginning in June 2018, the U.S. Government imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. In response to these tariffs, several major U.S. trading partners have imposed, or announced their intention to impose, tariffs on U.S. goods. The U.S. has subsequently reached agreements with Mexico, Canada, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and Japan to ease or remove tariffs on steel and/or aluminum. We continue to monitor the potential for any extra costs that may result from the remaining global tariffs.
