ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Medical Devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product’s safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications. 
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., medical devices are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott’s medical device products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process. 
In the EU, medical devices are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which had been governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) which replaced the existing directives in the EU for medical devices and imposes additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. The MDR applies to manufacturers as of May 26, 2021 with a transition period until May 26, 2024. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the MDR.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our “pricing authority” on quality goods – consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). We believe our gasoline business draws members, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. It also has lower SG&A expenses as a percent of net sales compared to our non-gasoline business. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. Additionally, actions in various countries, particularly China and the United States, have created uncertainty with respect to how tariffs will affect the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. The impact to our net sales and gross margin will be influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our results. 
We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our rate of operating floor space square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to 
The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our Executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our paid membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Powering our assets through renewable energy sources is an established part of our operations where it is economically viable to do so. We have reduced our carbon footprint by using a diversified mix of energy sources, including solar and wind power to generate electrical power. The percentage of electrical energy we purchase on a given day originating from solar and wind sources is approaching 20 percent. Since 2019, we have entered into dedicated solar contracts to purchase 148 megawatts of solar power to support the operations of our assets. We also operate approximately 18,000 solar panel-powered metering stations across the United States. 
In February 2021, we announced the formation of our alternative energy group. This group is tasked with increasing our efforts to support renewable energy projects such as solar and/or wind farms, either as a power purchaser, or in a partnership with third party developers, when they make economic sense. This group is also focused on developing alternative energy projects aimed at reducing the environmental footprint throughout our operations, including a variety of projects related to carbon capture, utilization and sequestration of CO2. 
While our environmental management initiatives have not materially impacted our capital expenditures or results of operations, we recognize that the non-financial impacts of these initiatives are of interest to our investors and other stakeholders. We voluntarily publish additional information on those initiatives; however, much of that separately published information is excluded from this annual report on Form 10-K if it is not material in the context of the consolidated Partnership and/or if it is not required by the instructions to Form 10-K. For additional information on our environmental management initiatives, including our efforts to curb GHG emissions and to integrate alternative energy sources, please see our Corporate Responsibility Report available on our website at http://www.energytransfer.com/corporate-responsibility. Information contained on our website is not part of this report.
