ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product's safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications. 
Similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process. 
In the EU, cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which is governed by the European Medical Device Directive and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the Directive. Some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to CE marking of the device. For other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the CE mark to the product. Outside the U.S. and the EU, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Louisiana and Mississippi natural gas processing facilities increased $44.5 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average processing margins (including the impact of hedging activities). Net to our interest, combined fee-based natural gas processing and equity NGL production volumes at these plants decreased 50 MMcf/d and increased 3 MBPD, respectively, year-to-year (net to our interest).
Gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities decreased $72.9 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins, which accounted for a $44.4 million decrease, and lower sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $18.0 million decrease. The year-to-year decrease in gross operating margin can be attributed to results from marketing strategies that seek to optimize our export, storage and plant assets, which accounted for a combined $154.6 million decrease, partially offset by higher earnings from strategies that seek to optimize our transportation assets, which accounted for a $91.3 million increase. In addition, gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities attributable to non-cash, mark-to-market earnings decreased $9.6 million year-to-year.
A number of our pipelines, including the Mid-America Pipeline System, Seminole NGL Pipeline, Chaparral NGL Pipeline, and Shin Oak NGL Pipeline, serve Permian Basin and/or Rocky Mountain producers. On a combined basis, gross operating margin from these pipelines decreased $109.2 million year-to-year primarily due to lower transportation volumes of 49 MBPD (net to our interest), which accounted for an $ 57.3 million decrease, and a $44.0 million decrease due to lower average transportation and deficiency fees, which was primarily due to certain contracts associated with the Rocky Mountain segment of our Mid-America Pipeline System reaching their termination date in September 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.109592 was applied to convert ClickSoftware's outstanding equity awards for ClickSoftware's common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company's common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of ClickSoftware's field service management technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with ClickSoftware customers.
