ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
If we designate a hedging relationship as a fair value hedge, we record the changes in fair value of the hedged asset or liability in cost of products sold in our consolidated statement of operations. This amount is offset by the changes in fair value of the related hedging instrument. Any ineffective portion or amount excluded from the assessment of hedge ineffectiveness is also included in the cost of products sold in the consolidated statement of operations. 
We utilize published settlement prices for exchange-traded contracts, quotes provided by brokers, and estimates of market prices based on daily contract activity to estimate the fair value of these contracts. Changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these contracts could have a material effect on our results of operations. We do not anticipate future changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these derivative contracts. See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” for further discussion regarding our derivative activities. 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments . We have commodity derivatives, interest rate derivatives and embedded derivatives in our preferred units that are accounted for as assets and liabilities at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. We determine the fair value of our assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurement by using the highest possible “level” of inputs. Level 1 inputs are observable quotes in an active market for identical assets and liabilities. We consider the valuation of marketable securities and commodity derivatives transacted through a clearing broker with a published price from the appropriate exchange as a Level 1 valuation. Level 2 inputs are inputs observable for similar assets and liabilities. We consider OTC commodity derivatives entered into directly with third parties as a Level 2 valuation since the values of these derivatives are quoted on an exchange for similar transactions. Additionally, we consider our options transacted through our clearing broker as having Level 2 inputs due to the level of activity of these contracts on the exchange in which they trade. We consider the valuation of our

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• products and services to support employees’ financial wellbeing, including life, accident, and disability insurance plans, discount benefits, financial planning tools, a 401(k) savings plan in the U.S. and retirement/pension plans in over 20 countries, with competitive contributions from the Company for employees at all levels; 
• offering an employee stock purchase plan, which allows certain employees globally (where legislation permits) an opportunity to buy WBD common stock at a discounted price through convenient after-tax payroll deductions with no commission charges; and 
Our DE&I objective is to seek out diversity, remove barriers, and create space for all to share ideas and be heard. DE&I at WBD is overseen by our Chief Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Officer. We implement our DE&I initiatives and pipeline programs through global, regional and corporate councils that partner with internal and external stakeholders across our brands, business units and regions. We have also established a Creative Diversity Council to address DE&I in our content production businesses. We seek to support our employees through the sponsorship of 16 Business Resource Groups (“BRGs”) globally, comprised of over 40 chapters. BRGs are intended to enable employees with shared pursuits, purpose, identities, and interests to lead, contribute and build community for all.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Ethane volumes handled by the terminal are sourced from our Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation and storage complex. Ethane loading volumes at the terminal averaged 146 MBPD, 90 MBPD and 15 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The terminal was placed into commercial service in August 2016. 
Our Crude Oil Pipelines & Services business segment currently includes approximately 5,300 miles of crude oil pipelines, crude oil storage and marine terminals, and associated crude oil marketing activities. 
We have crude oil gathering and transportation pipelines located in Oklahoma, New Mexico and Texas. The results of operations from providing crude oil transportation services is primarily dependent upon the volume handled (or capacity reserved) and the level of fees charged (typically on a per barrel basis). Fees charged to shippers are based on either tariffs regulated by governmental agencies, including the FERC, or contractual arrangements. See “Regulatory Matters” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion for additional information regarding governmental oversight of our crude oil pipelines and storage facilities.
