ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Diagnostic Products —Worldwide sales of diagnostic systems and tests for blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories and alternate-care testing sites. For segment reporting purposes, the Core Laboratories Diagnostics, Rapid Diagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Point of Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Diagnostic Products segment. 
Medical Devices — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Medical Devices segment.
Abbott's underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment’s assets.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
As a Bermuda exempted company, we are not subject to income taxes in our jurisdiction of incorporation. However, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 35%. The jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are Brazil, the United States, Argentina, Switzerland and Bermuda. Determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events. 
Total segment earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT") is an operating performance measure used by Bunge’s management to evaluate segment operating activities. Bunge also uses Core Segment EBIT, Non-core Segment EBIT and Total Segment EBIT to evaluate the operating performance of Bunge’s Core reportable segments, Non-core reportable segments, and total reportable segments together with Corporate and Other. Core Segment EBIT is the aggregate of the EBIT of each of Bunge’s Agribusiness, Refined and Specialty Oils, and Milling segments. Non-core Segment EBIT is the EBIT of Bunge’s Sugar & Bioenergy segment. Total Segment EBIT is the aggregate of the EBIT of Bunge’s Core and Non-core reportable segments, together with Corporate and Other. Bunge’s management believes Core Segment EBIT, Non-core Segment EBIT and Total Segment EBIT are useful measures of operating profitability since the measures allow for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to financing methods or capital structure. In addition, EBIT is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in Bunge’s industry. Total Segment EBIT is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure and is not intended to replace Net income (loss) attributable to Bunge, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure. Further, Total Segment EBIT excludes EBIT attributable to noncontrolling interests and is not a measure of consolidated operating results under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to Net income (loss) or any other measure of consolidated operating results under U.S. GAAP. See the reconciliation of Net income (loss) attributable to Bunge to Total Segment EBIT below. 
Cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is calculated by including the Net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables with Cash provided by (used for) operating activities. Cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is a non-GAAP financial measure and is not intended to replace Cash provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure. Our management believes presentation of this measure allows investors to view our cash generating performance using the same measure that management uses in evaluating financial and business performance and trends.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning. Learning and development opportunities include Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees, in-person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks and more. We also encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations. For example, over 7,600 employees participated in at least one of our professional development training programs in fiscal 2022. 
We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of stock options, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local laws and to be competitive in the marketplace. 
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect.
