SALESFORCE INC report:
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our on-going assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features. 
We have an investment portfolio that includes strategic investments in public and privately held companies, which range from early-stage companies to more mature companies with established revenue streams and business models. As of January 31, 2019 , our portfolio, which consists of investments in over 235  privately held companies and six  public companies, is primarily comprised of independent software vendors and system integrators. Our investments in these companies range from $0.1 million  to approximately $105 million , with 21  investments individually equal to or in excess of approximately $10 million as of January 31, 2019 . 
We invest in early-to-late stage enterprise cloud companies for strategic reasons and to support key business initiatives to grow our ecosystem of partners and accelerate the adoption of cloud technologies. We invest in both domestic and international companies and currently hold investments in all of our regions: the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific. We plan to continue to invest in these types of strategic investments, including in companies representing targeted geographies and targeted business and technological initiatives, as opportunities arise that we find attractive.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
In 2016 , DAC amortization deceleration for changes in the investment margin component of EGP related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to increased projected investment margins from a favorable asset portfolio mix. The acceleration related to benefit margin primarily related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to lower than expected persistency on non-guaranteed products. The expense margin deceleration related primarily to 
The following table displays the sensitivity of reasonably likely changes in assumptions included in the gross profit components of investment margin or benefit margin to amortization of the DAC balance as of December 31, 2018 . 
Any potential changes in assumptions discussed above are measured without consideration of correlation among assumptions. Therefore, it would be inappropriate to add them together in an attempt to estimate overall variability in amortization .

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also offer prepaid connection service plans that feature domestic unlimited voice and unlimited domestic and international text. We have both single line and multi-line family options, with individual line data plan selections ranging from 500 megabytes per month to unlimited data. Family prepaid accounts include a line discount based on the number of total lines. On compatible devices, our prepaid plans also feature video and picture messaging, HD Voice and Video Calling. Our metered prepaid plans include Mobile Hotspot services and allow customers to continue to access our data services at reduced data speeds after using their monthly allowance for 4G LTE high speed data. None of our prepaid plans require an annual contract or credit check. 
Our international travel wireless services allow our customers to access voice, text and data services on many of our "World" smartphones, tablets or basic phones from various international destinations, dependent upon the customer's wireless plan. With TravelPass, customers are able to use their domestic talk, text and data allowances while traveling in Mexico, Canada and other countries where TravelPass is available for a flat rate per day. 
Access to the Internet is available on all smartphones and nearly all basic phones. In addition, our customers can access the Internet at broadband speeds on notebook computers and tablets that are either wireless enabled or that are used in conjunction with separate dedicated devices that provide a mobile Wi-Fi connection.
