ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
These products include a broad line of pediatric and adult nutritional products manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to consumers and to institutions, wholesalers, retailers, health care facilities, government agencies, and third-party distributors from Abbott-owned distribution centers or third-party distributors. 
• various forms of prepared infant formula and follow-on formula, including Similac®, Similac Pro-Advance®, Similac® Advance®, Similac® Advance® Non-GMO, Similac Pro-Sensitive®, Similac Sensitive®, Similac Sensitive® Non-GMO, Go&Grow by Similac®, Similac® NeoSure®, Similac® Organic, Similac® Special Care®, Similac Total Comfort®, Similac® For Supplementation, Isomil® Advance®, Isomil®, Alimentum®, Gain™, Grow™, Similac En Mei Li™, and Eleva™; • adult and other pediatric nutritional products, including Ensure®, Ensure Plus®, Ensure® Enlive®, Ensure® (with NutriVigor®), Ensure® Max Protein, Ensure® High Protein, Glucerna®, Glucerna Hunger Smart®, ProSure®, PediaSure®, PediaSure SideKicks®, PediaSure® Peptide, EleCare®, Juven®, Abound®, Pedialyte® and Zone Perfect®; and • nutritional products used in enteral feeding in health care institutions, including Jevity®, Glucerna® 1.2 Cal, Glucerna® 1.5 Cal, Osmolite®, Oxepa®, Freego® (Enteral Pump) and Freego® sets, Nepro®, and Vital®. Primary marketing efforts for nutritional products are directed toward consumers or to securing the recommendation of Abbott's brand of products by physicians or other health care professionals. In addition, certain nutritional products sold as Similac®, Gain™, Grow™, Eleva™, PediaSure®, PediaSure SideKicks®, Pedialyte®, Ensure®, Zone Perfect®, and Glucerna® are also promoted directly to the public by consumer marketing efforts in select markets where appropriate. 
Competition for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising, formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers' products may increase competitive pressure.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to further adjustment as additional information becomes available and final valuations are completed. There can be no assurances that these final valuations and additional analyses and studies will not result in significant changes to the preliminary estimates of fair value set forth below. 
Goodwill recognized is primarily attributable to expected synergies from the combined company, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The acquired goodwill is deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Net sales and net loss for the Food Group (exclusive of the Divested Assets, as the sales and net income of the Divested Assets were reflected in discontinued operations and were de minimis for fiscal year 2019 ), which have been included in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income since the date the acquisition was completed were $ 843 million and $ 21 million , respectively, during fiscal year 2019. Acquisition-related costs included in distribution, selling and administrative costs in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were $ 52 million and $ 29 million for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
See also Note 15, “Legal Proceedings and Claims” of the Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason. 
We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that enables companies to improve their relationships and interactions with customers. We introduced our first CRM solution in 2000, and we have since expanded our service offerings with new editions, features and platform capabilities. Our core mission is to empower our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies including cloud, mobile, social, Internet of Things ("IoT") and artificial intelligence ("AI") technologies.
