VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Core services.  Core services include core voice and data services, which consist of a comprehensive portfolio of domestic and global solutions utilizing traditional telecommunications technology. Voice services include local exchange, regional, long distance and toll-free calling along with voice messaging services, conferencing and contact center solutions. Core data includes private line and data access networks. Core services also include the provision of customer premises equipment, and installation, maintenance and site services. We continue to transition customers out of copper-based legacy voice and data services to fiber services, including IP and Ethernet. 
Partner Solutions provides communications services including data, voice, local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers. In 2018 , Partner Solutions revenues were $4.7 billion , representing approximately 16%  of Wireline’s aggregate revenues. A portion of Partner Solutions revenues are generated by a few large telecommunications companies, most of which compete directly with us. 
Data services. We offer a robust portfolio of data services with varying speeds and options to enhance our wholesale customers’ networks and provide connections to their end-users and subscribers. Our data services include high-speed digital data offerings, such as Ethernet and Wavelength services, as well as core time-division multiplexing (TDM) data circuits, such as DS1s and DS3s. In addition, we receive revenue from data services that is generated from carriers that buy dedicated local exchange capacity to support their private networks. We have also launched a dark fiber product for wireless carriers as demand for wireless data continues to grow and dark fiber plays a larger role in their network architecture.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers. The Salesforce Customer Data Platform connects customer data so any team can access insights into how a customer interacts across various platforms. 
Commerce. Our Commerce offering empowers brands to unify the customer experience across many points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. Through personalized shopping experiences and a robust partner ecosystem, our Commerce offering helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, loyalty and revenue from their customers. Our Commerce offering also delivers click-to-code tools that provide customers with the ability to choose how they build and deploy our solutions quickly around their customers as markets, industries and customers change. 
Analytics . Our Analytics offering, including Tableau, provides customers an advanced, end-to-end analytics solution serving a broad range of enterprise use cases. Analytics offers customers intelligent analytics capabilities to better understand their business data. By providing self-service data preparation and analytical technology to customers, Analytics is designed to improve our customers' decision-making and allow customers to take action from any device.

BOEING CO report:
Non-operating postretirement income included in Other income, net was $58 million in 2022, compared with income of $1 million in 2021 and expense of $16 million in 2020. The increased income in 2022 and 2021 was due to lower amortization of net actuarial losses. 
In August 2022, the President signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which contained provisions effective January 1, 2023, including a 15% corporate minimum tax and a 1% excise tax on stock buybacks, both of which we do not expect to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. For additional discussion related to Income Taxes, see Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Cost of sales, for both products and services, consists primarily of raw materials, parts, sub-assemblies, labor, overhead and subcontracting costs. Our BCA segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales. Under program accounting, cost of sales for each commercial aircraft program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. For long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. Substantially all contracts at our BDS segment and certain contracts at our BGS segment are long-term contracts with the U.S. government and other customers that generally extend over several years. Cost of sales for commercial spare parts is recorded at average cost.
