ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Certain of our intrastate natural gas pipelines, including the Texas Intrastate System and Acadian Gas System, are subject to regulation by the FERC under the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (“NGPA”), in connection with the transportation and storage services they provide pursuant to Section 311 of the NGPA. Under Section 311, along with the FERC’s implementing regulations, an intrastate pipeline may transport gas “on behalf of” an interstate pipeline company or any local distribution company served by an interstate pipeline, without becoming subject to the FERC’s broader regulatory authority under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (“NGA”). These services must be provided on an open and nondiscriminatory basis, and the rates charged for these services may not exceed a “fair and equitable” level as determined by the FERC in periodic rate proceedings.
In July 2018, the FERC issued a final rule to address the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on cost-of-service rates for jurisdictional natural gas pipelines. The final rule primarily impacts interstate pipelines regulated under the NGA. With respect to intrastate pipelines regulated by the FERC under the NGPA, the rule requires an intrastate pipeline with rates on file with a state regulatory agency to file with the FERC a new rate election for its interstate rates if the state rates are reduced to reflect the reduced income tax rates adopted in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As of the filing date of this annual report, we have not been required to refile the rates for our intrastate systems as a result of this rule.
We believe that the transportation rates currently charged and the services performed by our natural gas pipelines are all in accordance with the applicable requirements of the NGPA and FERC regulations. However, we cannot predict the rates we will be allowed to charge in the future for transportation services by our pipelines.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Finally, the penalties for violations of environmental laws include injunctive relief; administrative, civil or criminal penalties; recovery of damages for injury to air, water or property; and third-party damages. Some environmental laws may also impose strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances, which could subject us to liability without regard to whether we were negligent or at fault. See “Item 1A – Risk Factors,” and “Item 3 – Legal Proceedings.” 
Climate change continues to be an area of focus at the local, national and international levels. As a result, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In addition, several states and geographic regions in the U.S. have also adopted legislation and regulations to reduce emissions of GHGs, such as the California cap-and-trade program and low carbon fuel standard obligations. 
In the E.U., there is a commitment to cut carbon dioxide emissions by at least 40% by 2030 and E.U. member states have implemented a range of subsidies and incentives to achieve the EU’s climate change goals. Further, emissions are regulated via a number of means, including the European Union Emissions Trading System (‘‘EU ETS’’), which is a trading system across the E.U. for industrial emissions. The EU ETS is expected to become progressively more stringent over time, including by reducing the number of allowances to emit GHGs. In other countries, regulations include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We are a party to various tax matter proceedings incidental to our business. These proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable outcomes could subject us to additional tax liabilities and could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial position. 
During the fourth quarter of 2019, we resolved several indirect tax matters and recorded $ 85 million of net indirect tax expenses within selling, general and administrative expenses. These amounts primarily include the matter resolved under the tax amnesty described above under “Legal Proceedings.” 
A tax indemnification matter related to our 2007 acquisition of the LU biscuit business was closed during the quarter ended June 30, 2018. The closure had no impact on net earnings, however, it did result in a $ 15 million tax benefit that was fully offset by an $ 11 million expense in selling, general and administrative expenses and a $ 4 million expense in interest and other expense, net.
