SALESFORCE INC report:
On the lease commencement date, the Company also establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are included in property and equipment and are amortized over the lease term to operating expense. 
The Company has entered into subleases or has made decisions and taken actions to exit and sublease certain unoccupied leased office space. Similar to other long-lived assets discussed below, management tests ROU assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. For leased assets, such circumstances would include the decision to leave a leased facility prior to the end of the minimum lease term or subleases for which estimated cash flow do not fully cover the costs of the associated lease. 
Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Each period, the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful life of its intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Management tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets.

BOEING CO report:
Cash equivalents and other short-term investments (which are used to pay benefits) are held in a separate account which consists of a commingled fund (with daily liquidity) and separately held short-term securities and cash equivalents. All of the investments in this cash vehicle are valued daily using a market approach with inputs that include quoted market prices for similar instruments. In the event a market price is not available for instruments with an original maturity of one year or less, amortized cost is used as a proxy for fair value. Common and preferred stock equity securities are primarily valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices of identical instruments. 
Private equity and private debt NAV valuations are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows and market based comparable data. For those investments reported on a one-quarter lagged basis (primarily LPs) we use NAVs, adjusted for subsequent cash flows and significant events. 
Real estate and real asset NAVs are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. For those investments reported on a one-quarter lagged basis (primarily LPs), NAVs are adjusted for subsequent cash flows and significant events. Publicly traded REITs and infrastructure stocks are valued using a market approach based on quoted market prices of identical instruments. Exchange-traded commodities futures positions are reported in accordance with changes in daily variation margin which is settled daily and therefore reflected in the payables and receivables portion of the table.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business principally involved in the purchase, storage, transportation, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Our Agribusiness operations and assets are located in North and South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, and we have merchandising and distribution offices throughout the world. 
Our Food and Ingredients businesses consist of two reportable business segments: Edible Oil Products and Milling Products. The Edible Oil Products segment includes businesses that sell vegetable oils and fats, including cooking oils, shortenings, margarines, mayonnaise and specialty ingredients. In December 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell our Brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets to Seara Alimentos S.A. The Milling Products segment includes businesses that sell wheat flours, bakery mixes, corn-based products and rice. The operations and assets of our Edible Oil Products segment are primarily located in North and South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, and the operations and assets of our Milling Products segment are located in North and South America. 
In December 2019, we contributed our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations into a joint venture with the Brazilian biofuels business of BP p.l.c. ("BP"). These operations formed the majority of our Sugar and Bioenergy segment through which we produced and sold sugar and ethanol derived from sugarcane, as well as energy derived from the sugar and ethanol production process. The joint venture, BP Bunge Bioenergia, in which we have a 50% interest, operates on a stand-alone basis with a total of 11 mills located across the Southeast, North and Midwest regions of Brazil. BP Bunge Bioenergia is now the second largest operator by effective crushing capacity in the Brazilian sugarcane ethanol biofuel industry. As a result of this transaction, we no longer consolidate our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations in our consolidated financial statements. We account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting.
