ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Longhaul System consists of two approximately 500-mile, 30-inch diameter pipelines (Seaway I and the Seaway Loop) that provide north-to-south transportation of crude oil from the Cushing hub to Seaway’s Jones Creek terminal located near Freeport, Texas. The aggregate transportation capacity of the Longhaul System is approximately 950 MBPD, depending on the type and mix of crude oil being transported and other variables. The Jones Creek terminal is connected by pipeline to our Enterprise Crude Houston (“ECHO”) storage terminal, which enables Seaway to serve a variety of customers along the upper Texas Gulf Coast including the Beaumont/Port Arthur area. 
The Freeport System consists of a marine terminal that facilitates both crude oil imports and exports, along with pipelines that transport crude oil to and from Freeport, Texas and the Jones Creek terminal. 
The Texas City System consists of a marine terminal and storage tanks, various pipelines and related infrastructure used to transport crude oil to refineries in the Texas City, Texas area and to and from terminals in the Galena Park, Texas area, our ECHO terminal and locations along the Houston Ship Channel. The Texas City System also receives production from certain offshore Gulf of Mexico developments. The intrastate pipeline transportation capacity of the Freeport System and Texas City System is approximately 480 MBPD and 800 MBPD, respectively. Seaway’s Texas City marine terminal features two docks, a 45-foot draft, an overall length of 1,125 feet, a 200-foot beam (width) and the capacity to load crude oil at a rate of 35,000 barrels per hour.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We also generate revenues and margin from the sale of natural gas to electric utilities, independent power plants, local distribution companies, industrial end-users and marketing companies on our HPL System. Generally, we purchase natural gas from either the market (including purchases from our marketing operations) or from producers at the wellhead. To the extent the natural gas comes from producers, it is primarily purchased at a discount to a specified market price and typically resold to customers based on an index price. In addition, our intrastate transportation and storage segment generates revenues from fees charged for storing customers’ working natural gas in our storage facilities and from managing natural gas for our own account.   
Natural gas transportation pipelines receive natural gas from supply sources including other transportation pipelines, storage facilities and gathering systems and deliver the natural gas to industrial end-users and other pipelines. Through our interstate transportation and storage segment, we directly own and operate approximately   12,200   miles of interstate natural gas pipelines with approximately   10.3 Bcf/d   of transportation capacity and another approximately   6,750  miles and 10.5  Bcf/d of transportation capacity through joint venture interests. 
Rover Pipeline, completed and available for full commercial operation since November 2018, is a new 713 -mile system designed to transport 3.25  Bcf/d of domestically produced natural gas from the Marcellus and Utica Shale production areas to markets across the United States and into Canada.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• tools and resources to support the mental wellbeing of our employees and their families, including mental health counselors in our on-site wellness centers and a confidential, dedicated line for employees to contact and speak with a counselor in the event they need mental health support; 
• products and services to support employees’ financial wellbeing, including life, accident, and disability insurance plans, discount benefits, financial planning tools, a 401(k) savings plan in the U.S. and retirement/pension plans in another 20 countries; 
• offering an employee stock purchase plan, which allows employees globally (where legislation permits) an opportunity to buy Discovery, Inc. stock at a discounted price through convenient after-tax payroll deductions with no commission charges; and
