COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Long-term financial liabilities include the Company's long-term debt, which are recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price and adjusted for unamortized discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs, and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term debt is based primarily on reported market values, recently completed market transactions, and estimates based upon interest rates, maturities, and credit. 
Receivables consist primarily of vendor, reinsurance, credit card incentive, third-party pharmacy and other receivables. Vendor receivables include discounts and volume rebates. Balances are generally presented on a gross basis, separate from any related payable due. In certain circumstances, these receivables may be settled against the related payable to that vendor, in which case the receivables are presented on a net basis. Reinsurance receivables are held by the Company’s wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and primarily represent amounts ceded through reinsurance arrangements gross of the amounts assumed under reinsurance, which are presented within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Credit card incentive receivables primarily represent amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement in the U.S. Third-party pharmacy receivables generally relate to amounts due from members’ insurers. Other receivables primarily consist of amounts due from governmental entities, mostly tax-related items. 
Receivables are recorded net of an allowance for credit losses which considers creditworthiness of vendors and third parties, historical experience and current economic trends. Write-offs of receivables were immaterial in 2021, 2020, and 2019.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Applying the definition of “Adjusted EPS” (1) , the adjustments made to “diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income tables above as well as net earnings from divestitures; losses related to interest rate swaps; losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; initial impacts from enacted tax laws changes; gains or losses on equity method investment transactions; and our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees. We also evaluate Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. We believe Adjusted EPS provides improved comparability of underlying operating results. 
0.05 0.06 (0.01) Adjusted EPS $ 2.87   $ 2.56   $ 0.31   12.1   % Favorable currency translation (0.08) — (0.08) Adjusted EPS (constant currency) $ 2.79   $ 2.56   $ 0.23   9.0   % 
0.06 (0.01) 0.07 Adjusted EPS $ 2.56   $ 2.40   $ 0.16   6.7   % Unfavorable currency translation 0.04 — 0.04 Adjusted EPS (constant currency) $ 2.60   $ 2.40   $ 0.20   8.3   %

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Diagnostic Products —Worldwide sales of diagnostic systems and tests for blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories and alternate-care testing sites. For segment reporting purposes, the Core Laboratories Diagnostics, Rapid Diagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Point of Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Diagnostic Products segment. 
Medical Devices — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Medical Devices segment.
Abbott's underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment’s assets.
