ALLSTATE CORP report:
(claims reported or settled, losses paid, or changes to case reserves) occur differently than the implied assumptions contained in the previous development factor calculations. If claims reported, paid losses, or case reserve changes are greater or less than the levels estimated by previous development factors, reserve reestimates increase or decrease. When actual development of these data elements is different than the historical development pattern used in a prior period reserve estimate, a new reserve is determined. The difference between indicated reserves based on new reserve estimates and recorded reserves (the previous estimate) is the amount of reserve reestimate and is recognized as an increase or decrease in claims and claims expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total net reserve reestimates, after-tax, favorable impact on net income applicable to common shareholders were 2.2% , 10.0% and 9.5% in 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. The 3-year average of net reserve reestimates as a percentage of total reserves was a favorable 2.1% for Allstate Protection, an unfavorable 6.9% for Discontinued Lines and Coverages and a favorable 1.1% for Service Businesses, each of these results being consistent within a reasonable actuarial tolerance for the respective businesses. A more detailed discussion of reserve reestimates is presented in the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves section of the MD&A. 
Factors affecting reserve estimates Reserve estimates are developed based on the processes and historical development trends described above. These estimates are considered in conjunction with known facts and interpretations of circumstances and factors including our experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment patterns and pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix and contractual terms, changes in law and regulation, judicial decisions, and economic conditions. When we experience changes of the type previously mentioned, we may need to apply actuarial judgment in the determination and selection of development factors considered more reflective of the new trends, such as combining shorter or longer periods of historical results with current actual results to produce development factors based 
on two-year, three-year, or longer development periods to reestimate our reserves. For example, if a legal change is expected to have a significant impact on the development of claim severity for a coverage which is part of a particular line of insurance in a specific state, actuarial judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors that will most accurately reflect the expected impact on that specific estimate. Another example would be when a change in economic conditions is expected to affect the cost of repairs to damaged autos or property for a particular line, coverage, or state, actuarial judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors to use in the reserve estimate that will most accurately reflect the expected impacts on severity development.

BOEING CO report:
Performance Awards are cash units that pay out based on the achievement of long-term financial goals at the end of a three-year period. Each unit has an initial value of $ 100 dollars. The amount payable at the end of the three-year performance period may be anywhere from $ 0 to $ 200 dollars per unit, depending on the Company’s performance against plan for a three-year period. The Compensation Committee has the discretion to pay these awards in cash, stock, or a combination of both after the three-year performance period. Compensation expense, based on the estimated performance payout, is recognized ratably over the performance period. 
During 2019, 2018 and 2017 , we granted Performance Awards to our executives as part of our long-term incentive program with the payout based on the achievement of financial goals for each three-year period following the grant date. The minimum payout amount is $ 0 and the maximum amount we could be required to pay out for the 2019, 2018 and 2017 Performance Awards is $ 392 , $ 355 and $ 325 , respectively. 
The Company has deferred compensation plans which permit employees to defer a portion of their salary, bonus, certain other incentive awards, and retirement contributions. Participants can diversify these amounts among 22 investment funds including a Boeing stock unit account.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the accelerated shift to cloud and hosted service offerings and customer experience management solutions. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings and verticals. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.
