SALESFORCE INC report:
Our investments in privately held securities are in various classes of equity which may have different rights and preferences. The particular securities we hold, and their rights and preferences relative to those of other securities within the capital structure, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value moves in relation to movement of the total company value. As such, our investment value in a specific company may move by more or less than any change in value of that overall company. For example, an immediate decrease of ten percent in enterprise value of our significant publicly traded and privately held equity securities held as of January 31, 2020, which represents 65% of the strategic investment portfolio, could result in a $97 million reduction to the investment portfolio. Fluctuations in the value of our privately held equity investments are only recorded when there is an observable transaction for a same or similar investment of the same issuer or in the event of impairment. 
We continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. Currently, two of our five publicly held investments are subject to such a contractual obligation, which expire in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. 
In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
USE OF ESTIMATES — The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates; income taxes; pension and other post-employment benefits, including certain asset values that are based on significant unobservable inputs; valuation of intangible assets; litigation; derivative financial instruments; and inventory and accounts receivable exposures. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION — The statements of earnings of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustment account, which is included in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
REVENUE RECOGNITION — Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms set forth in the customer contract. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for shipments in excess of a customer's normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary. In certain of Abbott's businesses, primarily within diagnostics, Abbott participates in selling arrangements that include multiple performance obligations (e.g., instruments, reagents, procedures, and service agreements). The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Description of Assets Ownership Interest Miles of Natural Gas Pipeline Pipeline Throughput Capacity (Bcf/d) Working Gas Capacity (Bcf/d) Florida Gas Transmission 50 % 5,365 3.7 — Transwestern Pipeline 100 % 2,610 2.1 — 
100 % 6,300 2.8 73.4 Trunkline Gas Company 100 % 2,190 0.9 13.0 Tiger Pipeline 100 % 200 2.4 — Fayetteville Express Pipeline 50 % 185 2.0 — Sea Robin Pipeline 100 % 740 2.0 — Stingray Pipeline 100 % 290 0.4 — Rover Pipeline 32.6 % 720 3.4 — Midcontinent Express Pipeline 50 % 510 1.8 — Enable Gas Transmission 100 % 5,900 6.2 29.0 Mississippi River Transmission 100 % 1,600 1.7 31.5 Southeast Supply Header 50 % 290 1.1 — 
• Florida Gas Transmission Pipeline (“FGT”) has mainline capacity of 3.7 Bcf/d and approximately 5,362 miles of pipelines extending from south Texas through the Gulf Coast region of the United States to south Florida. The FGT system receives natural gas from various onshore and offshore natural gas producing basins. FGT is the principal transporter of natural gas to the Florida energy market, delivering approximately 60% of the natural gas consumed in the state. In addition, FGT’s system operates and maintains multiple interconnects with major interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines, which provide FGT’s customers access to diverse natural gas producing regions. FGT’s customers include electric utilities, independent power producers, industrial end-users and local distribution companies. FGT is owned by Citrus, a 50/50 joint venture with Kinder Morgan, Inc.
