ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Fluctuations in our consolidated revenues and cost of sales amounts are explained in large part by changes in energy commodity prices. Energy commodity prices in 2020 fluctuated significantly due to the adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and, with respect to crude oil prices in early 2020, the production dispute between Saudi Arabia and Russia. See “ Current Outlook ” within this Part II, Item 7 for information regarding these recent events.
A decrease in our consolidated marketing revenues due to lower energy commodity sales prices may not result in a decrease in gross operating margin or cash available for distribution, since our consolidated cost of sales amounts would also decrease due to comparable decreases in the purchase prices of the underlying energy commodities. The same type of correlation would be true in the case of higher energy commodity sales prices and purchase costs.
We attempt to mitigate commodity price exposure through our hedging activities and the use of fee-based arrangements. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for information regarding our commodity hedging activities.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Discovery was deemed to be the accounting acquirer of the WM Business for accounting purposes under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”); therefore, Discovery is considered the Company’s predecessor and the historical financial statements of Discovery prior to April 8, 2022, are reflected in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as the Company’s historical financial statements. Accordingly, the financial results of the Company as of and for any periods prior to April 8, 2022 do not include the financial results of the WM Business and current and future results will not be comparable to historical results. 
Warner Bros. Discovery is a premier global media and entertainment company that combines the WarnerMedia Business’s premium entertainment, sports and news assets with Discovery’s leading non-fiction and international entertainment and sports businesses, thus offering audiences a differentiated portfolio of content, brands and franchises across television, film, streaming and gaming. Some of our iconic brands and franchises include Warner Bros. Pictures Group, Warner Bros. Television Group, DC, HBO, HBO Max, Discovery Channel, discovery+, CNN, HGTV, Food Network, TNT, TBS, TLC, OWN, Warner Bros. Games, Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Harry Potter, Looney Tunes, Hanna-Barbera, Game of Thrones, and The Lord of the Rings. 
We are home to a powerful creative engine and one of the largest collections of owned content in the world and have one of the strongest hands in the industry in terms of the completeness and quality of assets and intellectual property across sports, news, lifestyle, and entertainment in virtually every region of the globe and in most languages. Additionally, we serve audiences and consumers around the world with content that informs, entertains, and, when at its best, inspires.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We intend to continue to operate as a diversified, growth-oriented limited partnership. We believe that by pursuing independent operating and growth strategies we will be best positioned to achieve our objectives. We balance our desire for growth with our goal of preserving a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and investment grade credit metrics. 
Growth through acquisitions . We intend to continue to make strategic acquisitions that offer the opportunity for operational efficiencies and the potential for increased utilization and expansion of our existing assets while supporting our investment grade credit ratings. 
Engage in construction and expansion opportunities . We intend to leverage our existing infrastructure and customer relationships by constructing and expanding systems to meet new or increased demand for midstream and transportation services.
