COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company leases land and/or buildings at warehouses and certain other office and distribution facilities. Leases generally contain one or more of the following options, which the Company can exercise at the end of the initial term: (a) renew the lease for a defined number of years at the then-fair market rental rate or rate stipulated in the lease agreement; (b) purchase the property at the then-fair market value; or (c) a right of first refusal in the event of a third-party offer. 
Some leases include free-rent periods and step-rent provisions, which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for periodic rent increases based on price indices or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales volume. Our leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
The Company determines at inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. The Company initially records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease obligations for its finance and operating leases based on the discounted future minimum lease payments over the term. The lease term is defined as the noncancelable period of the lease plus any options to extend when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. As the rate implicit in the Company's leases is not easily determinable, the present value of the sum of the lease payments is calculated using the Company's incremental borrowing rate. The rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest the Company would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. The Company uses quoted interest rates from financial institutions to derive the incremental borrowing rate. Impairment of ROU assets is evaluated in a similar manner as described in Property and Equipment, net above.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our networks and digital products also compete for their target audiences with all forms of content and other media provided to viewers, including broadcast, cable and local networks, streaming services, pay-per-view and VOD services, online activities and other forms of news, information and media entertainment. 
Our intellectual property assets include copyrights in content, trademarks in brands, names and logos, patents protecting novel inventions, technology platforms, websites, and licenses of intellectual property rights from third parties. 
We are fundamentally a content company and the protection of our brands and content is of primary importance. We have also made and will continue to make investments in developing technology platforms to support our digital products and DTC offerings, including discovery+, and consider these platforms to be one of our intellectual property assets. To protect our intellectual property assets, we rely upon a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, unfair competition, trade secret and Internet/domain name statutes and laws, and contract provisions. However, there can be no assurance of the degree to which these measures will be successful. Moreover, effective intellectual property protection may be either unavailable or limited in certain foreign territories. Policing unauthorized use of our products and services and related intellectual property is difficult and costly. We seek to limit unauthorized use of our intellectual property through a combination of approaches. However, the steps taken to prevent the infringement of our intellectual property by unauthorized third parties may not be effective.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We may be named as defendants in legal proceedings in connection with our normal business activities. Although we are insured against various risks to the extent we believe it is prudent, there is no assurance that the nature and amount of such insurance will be adequate, in every case, to fully indemnify us against losses arising from legal proceedings. We will vigorously defend our partnership in litigation matters.
On occasion, we are assessed monetary penalties by governmental authorities related to administrative or judicial proceedings involving environmental matters . In June 2019, we received a Notice of Violation from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in connection with regulatory requirements applicable to facilities that we operate in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The eventual resolution of this matter may result in monetary sanctions in excess of $0.3 million; however, we do not expect such expenditures to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and related information for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, including applicable year-to-year comparisons, should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the United States (“U.S.”).
