ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Other comprehensive income (loss) for each respective year includes the amortization of actuarial losses and prior service costs (credits) as noted in the previous table. Other comprehensive income (loss) for each respective year also includes: net actuarial losses of $ 611 million for defined benefit plans and a gain of $ 23 million for medical and dental plans in 2020, net actuarial losses of $ 944 million for defined benefit plans and a loss of $ 190 million for medical and dental plans in 2019; net actuarial losses of $ 86 million for defined benefit plans and a gain of $ 53 million for medical and dental plans in 2018. The net actuarial losses in 2020 and 2019 are primarily due to the year-over-year decline in discount rates partially offset by the impact of actual asset returns in excess of expected returns in each of the period.
The discount rates used to measure liabilities were determined based on high-quality fixed income securities that match the duration of the expected retiree benefits. The health care cost trend rates represent Abbott’s expected annual rates of change in the cost of health care benefits and are forward projections of health care costs as of the measurement date. 
Equities that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per month, with a required 7 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2020 and 2019. Fixed income securities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly, with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On January 4, 2021, we acquired the remaining 93 % of equity of Hu Master Holdings (“Hu”), a category leader in premium chocolate in the United States, which provides a strategic complement to our snacking portfolio in North America through growth opportunities in chocolate and other offerings in the well-being category. The initial cash consideration paid was $ 229 million, net of cash received, and we may be required to pay additional contingent consideration. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the acquisition date was $ 132 million and was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation based on forecasted future results. During 2021, based on latest estimates, we recorded a $ 70 million reduction to the liability as recent economic and market conditions related to COVID-19 and supply chain challenges in the U.S. impacted the pace of growth. During 2022, we recorded an additional $ 7 million reduction to the liability due to further changes to forecasted future results. Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments for additional information. As a result of acquiring the remaining equity interest, we consolidated the operations prospectively from the date of acquisition and recorded a pre-tax gain of $ 9 million ($ 7 million after-tax) related to stepping up our previously-held $ 8 million ( 7 %) investment to fair value. We have recorded a purchase price allocation of $ 123 million to indefinite-lived intangible assets, $ 51 million to definite-lived intangible assets, $ 202 million to goodwill, $ 1 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 2 million to inventory, $ 4 million to accounts receivable, $ 5 million to current liabilities and $ 132 million to long-term other liabilities. We incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 9 million in 2021. 
On April 1, 2020, we acquired a majority interest in Give & Go, a North American leader in fully-finished sweet baked goods and owner of the famous two-bite ® brand of brownies and the Create-A-Treat ® brand, known for cookie and gingerbread house decorating kits. The acquisition of Give & Go provides access to the in-store bakery channel and expands our position in broader snacking. The purchase consideration for Give & Go totaled $ 1,136 million, net of cash received. We have recorded a purchase price allocation of net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows: 
Within definite-life intangible assets, we allocated $ 416 million to customer relationships which have an estimated useful life of 17 years. Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion opportunities and synergies across both new and legacy product categories. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. All of the goodwill was assigned to the North America operating segment.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
On May 31, 2019, an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of $ 367 million was terminated, and the Company received cash proceeds of $ 1 million, the fair value of the interest rate swap on the termination date. The proceeds were recorded as cash provided by operating activities in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The $ 1 million gain from the termination of the interest rate swap agreement was reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss and will be amortized to interest expense through July 31, 2021, the remaining term of the original interest rate swap agreement. 
After giving effect to the termination of the interest rate swap agreement, the remaining interest rate swap agreements collectively have a notional value of $ 550 million, which was reduced from $ 733 million on July 31, 2020. The Company pays an aggregate effective rate of 3.45 % on the notional amount of the Initial Term Loan Facility covered by the interest rate swap agreements, comprised of a rate of 1.70 % plus a spread of 1.75 % (see Note 13, Debt). 
The Company records its interest rate swaps in its Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value, based on projections of cash flows and future interest rates. The determination of fair value includes the consideration of any credit valuation adjustments necessary, giving consideration to the creditworthiness of the respective counterparties and the Company. The following table presents t he balance sheet location and fair value of the interest rate swaps as of January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019 :
