BOEING CO report:
We also assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income and reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized. Changes in our estimates and judgments regarding realization of deferred tax assets may result in an increase or decrease to our tax expense and/or other comprehensive income, which would be recorded in the period in which the change occurs. 
Many of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. The majority of employees that had participated in defined benefit pension plans have transitioned to a company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plan. We also provide postretirement benefit plans other than pensions, consisting principally of health care coverage to eligible retirees and qualifying dependents. Benefits under the pension and other postretirement benefit plans are generally based on age at retirement and years of service and, for some pension plans, benefits are also based on the employee’s annual earnings. The net periodic cost of our pension and other postretirement plans is determined using the projected unit credit method and several actuarial assumptions, the most significant of which are the discount rate, the long-term rate of asset return and medical trend (rate of growth for medical costs). Actuarial gains and losses, which occur when actual experience differs from actuarial assumptions, are reflected in Shareholders’ equity (net of taxes). If actuarial gains and losses exceed ten percent of the greater of plan assets or plan liabilities, we amortize them over the average expected future lifetime of participants. The funded status of our pension and postretirement plans is reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
We record a liability for postemployment benefits, such as severance or job training, when payment is probable, the amount is reasonably estimable, and the obligation relates to rights that have vested or accumulated.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
December 31, 2022 Asset derivatives $ 23   $ ( 22 ) $ —   $ 1   $ —   $ 1   Liability derivatives ( 22 ) 22   ( 1 ) ( 1 ) —   ( 1 ) December 31, 2021 Asset derivatives $ 23   $ ( 24 ) $ 2   $ 1   $ —   $ 1   Liability derivatives ( 10 ) 24   ( 17 ) ( 3 ) —   ( 3 )  
The Company manages its exposure to credit risk by utilizing highly rated counterparties, establishing risk control limits, executing legally enforceable master netting agreements (“MNAs”) and obtaining collateral where appropriate. The Company uses MNAs for OTC derivative transactions that permit either party to net payments due for transactions and collateral is either pledged or obtained when certain predetermined exposure limits are exceeded. 
The Company has not incurred any losses on derivative financial instruments due to counterparty nonperformance. Other derivatives, including futures and certain option contracts, are traded on organized exchanges which require margin deposits and guarantee the execution of trades, thereby mitigating any potential credit risk.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
(2) Represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial terms of one year or more. Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $23 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases. 
(3) Represents purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and railroad freight lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. The ocean freight service agreements are short term contracts with a duration of less than a year. Ocean freight service agreements with terms in excess of one year are included in non-cancelable lease obligations. The railroad freight service agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used. The costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our products. However, changes in the market value of such freight services compared to the rates at which we have contracted them may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities. 
(5) Does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. As of December 31, 2020, Bunge had uncertain income tax liabilities of $52 million, including interest and penalties. At this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. See Note 14- Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
