ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We operate all of our natural gas processing facilities except for the Venice plant. On a weighted-average basis, utilization rates for our natural gas processing facilities were approximately 66.5%, 58.1% and 57.6% during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Midland Basin natural gas processing facility. The Midland Basin natural gas processing facility consists of five natural gas processing plants, which includes four natural gas processing plants (Newberry I, Newberry II, Trident and Taylor) that we acquired as part of our acquisition of Navitas Midstream Partners, LLC (“Navitas Midstream”) in February 2022 and a fifth natural gas processing plant (Leiker), which we completed construction of and placed into service in March 2022. See Part II, Item 7 of this annual report for additional information regarding our acquisition of Navitas Midstream.
During 2022, we announced plans to construct two new natural gas processing plants in the Midland Basin, Poseidon (previously referred to as Plant 6) and Leonidas (previously referred to as Plant 7), which are expected to be placed into service in the third quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively. Each of these plants will have the capacity to process 300 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract over 40 MBPD of NGLs and are supported by long-term acreage dedication agreements.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Because fuel is a major component of an aircraft’s operating costs, our customers require cost-effective and professional fuel services. We have developed an extensive network, consisting of on-airport fueling operations and third‑party suppliers and service providers that enable us to provide aviation fuel and related services throughout the world. We 
believe the breadth of our service offering combined, with our global supplier network is a strategic differentiator that allows customers to secure fuel and high‑quality services in locations worldwide on short notice. 
We purchase our aviation fuel from suppliers worldwide. Fuel may be delivered into our customers’ aircraft or to a designated storage facility located at one of our locations or our suppliers’ locations pursuant to arrangements with them. Inventory is purchased at airport locations or shipped via pipelines and held at multiple locations for strategic reasons. We engage in contract sales, which are sales made pursuant to fuel purchase contracts with customers who commit to purchasing fuel from us over the contract term. We also conduct spot sales, which are sales that do not involve continuing contractual obligations by our customers to purchase fuel from us. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market‑based formulas or government-controlled prices.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
“Adjusted EPS” is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations excluding the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income definition as well as losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; gain on equity method investment transactions; net earnings from divestitures (2) ; gains or losses on interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges due to changed financing and hedging plans and U.S. tax reform discrete impacts (10) . Similarly, within Adjusted EPS, our equity method investment net earnings exclude our proportionate share of our investees’ unusual or infrequent items (11) . We also evaluate growth in our Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis (3) . 
When items no longer impact our current or future presentation of non-GAAP operating results, we remove these items from our non-GAAP definitions. During 2018, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of: remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in Argentina (see footnote (5) below) and the impact from pension participation changes (see footnote (9) below). 
Divestitures include completed sales of businesses and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. See Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for information on divestitures and acquisitions impacting the comparability of our results.
