MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Total Rewards : As part of our total rewards philosophy, we offer competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain top talent. Our compensation programs are designed to reinforce our growth agenda and talent strategy as well as drive a strong connection between the contributions of our employees and their pay. We believe the structure of our compensation packages provides the appropriate incentives to attract, retain and motivate our employees. Further, to foster a strong sense of ownership and align the interests of employees with shareholders, we grant stock-based incentives to most senior-level employees. 
We also continue to evolve our programs to meet our employees’ health and wellness needs. We provide access to medical and welfare benefits and offer programs to all employees that support work-life balance, including paid parental leave, as well as financial, physical and mental health resources. 
We are committed to equal pay for equal work, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity or other personal characteristics. To deliver on that commitment, we benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider various factors such as an employee’s role and experience, job location and performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices to promote fair and equitable pay.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The EFS Midstream System serves producers in the Eagle Ford Shale, by providing condensate gathering and processing services as well as gathering, treating and compression services for associated natural gas. The EFS Midstream System includes 500 miles of gathering pipelines, 11 central gathering plants having a combined condensate storage capacity of 0.3 MMBbls, 201 MBPD of condensate stabilization capacity and 1.0 Bcf/d of associated natural gas treating capacity.
 • The Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System transports crude oil and condensate for producers in South Texas. The system, which is effectively looped and has a capacity to transport over 600 MBPD of light and medium grades of crude oil, consists of 390 miles of crude oil and condensate pipelines originating in Gardendale, Texas and extending to Corpus Christi, Texas. The system interconnects with our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System in Wilson County, Texas and our Corpus Christi marine terminal.
In addition to the operational storage capacity associated with our crude oil pipelines, we also own and operate crude oil terminals located in Houston, Midland and Beaumont, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma that are used to store crude oil for us and our customers. In conjunction with other aspects of our midstream network, our crude oil terminals provide Gulf Coast refiners with an integrated system featuring supply diversification, significant storage capabilities and a high capacity pipeline distribution system. Our system has access to an aggregate refining capacity of approximately 8 MMBPD.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company has granted put rights to certain consolidated subsidiaries. Harpo, GoldenTree, Hasbro and J:COM have the right to require the Company to purchase their remaining noncontrolling interests in OWN, MTG, Discovery Family and Discovery Japan, respectively. The Company recorded the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest in the equity associated with the put rights for OWN, MTG, Discovery Family and Discovery Japan as a component of redeemable noncontrolling interest in the amounts of $58 million , $121 million , $206 million  and $30 million , respectively. (See Note 11.) 
The Company is party to various other lawsuits and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims related to employees, vendors, other business partners or patent issues. However, a determination as to the amount of the accrual required for such contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgment about future events. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty and the impact of the final resolution of these matters on the Company's results of operations in a particular subsequent reporting period is not known, management does not believe that the resolution of these other matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, future results of operations or cash flows. 
During the quarter ended June 30, 2018, the Company received written notification from tax authorities of an indirect tax claim stemming from an audit that commenced in 2017. A liability of $40 million  has been recorded as a measurement period adjustment to the provisional Scripps Networks purchase accounting. The Company intends to defend the matter vigorously and believes that the potential for material loss beyond the amount already provided is remote.
