ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to CE marking of the device. For other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the CE mark to the product. Outside the U.S. and the EU, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions. 
After approval and commercial launch of some medical devices, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority. 
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve month basis as of the end of each month. As of January 31, 2020, our attrition rate, excluding Commerce Cloud, Integration Cloud, Salesforce.org and Tableau, was less than nine percent. Our attrition rate for fiscal 2020 benefited, in part, from the ongoing shift in our business mix to enterprise and international markets which have longer customer contract term durations. In general, we exclude service offerings from acquisitions from our attrition calculation until fully integrated into our customer success organization. While it is difficult to predict, we expect our attrition rate to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. 
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. The increase in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to the higher demand for services from an increased number of customers. 
Subscription and support revenues from Quip Collaboration Platform were not significant in fiscal 2020 and 2019. Our Industry Offerings revenue is included in either Sales Cloud, Service Cloud or Salesforce Platform and Other depending on the primary service offering purchased. Integration and Analytics revenues are included in Salesforce Platform and Other. The acquisition of Tableau in August 2019 contributed approximately $652 million to Salesforce Platform and Other.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company assesses for impairment intangible assets with definite lives only if events occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company assesses goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment annually, or more frequently if events occur that indicate an asset may be impaired. For goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company’s policy is to assess for impairment as of the beginning of each fiscal third quarter. The Company completed its most recent annual impairment assessment for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of June 28, 2020, the first day of the third quarter of fiscal year 2020. 
For goodwill, the reporting unit used in assessing impairment is the Company’s one business segment as described in Note 26, Business Information. Our assessment for impairment of goodwill utilized a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of the reporting unit for comparison to the corresponding carrying value. Based upon the Company’s fiscal year 2020 annual goodwill impairment analysis, the Company concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill exceeded its carrying value and there is no risk of impairment. 
The Company’s fair value estimates of the brand names and trademarks indefinite-lived intangible assets are based on a relief from royalty method. The fair value of these intangible assets is determined for comparison to the corresponding carrying value. If the carrying value of these assets exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. Due to the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on forecasted earnings and the discount rate utilized in our valuation models, the Company recognized impairment charges of $ 9 million related to two trade names acquired as part of the Food Group acquisition, which was included in restructuring costs and asset impairment charges in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. Key assumptions used in the relief from royalty method included the long-term growth rates of future revenues, the royalty rate for such revenue, and a discount rate. These assumptions require significant judgment by management, and are therefore considered Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. No other impairments were noted as part of the annual impairment assessment.
