MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On April 1, 2020, we acquired a majority interest in Give & Go, a North American leader in fully-finished sweet baked goods and owner of the famous two-bite ® brand of brownies and the Create-A-Treat ® brand, known for cookie and gingerbread house decorating kits. The acquisition of Give & Go provides access to the in-store bakery channel and expands our position in broader snacking. The purchase consideration for Give & Go totaled $ 1,136 million, net of cash received. We have recorded a purchase price allocation of net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows: 
Within definite-life intangible assets, we allocated $ 416 million to customer relationships which have an estimated useful life of 17 years. Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion opportunities and synergies across both new and legacy product categories. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
The fair value for customer relationships at the acquisition date was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach. The fair value measurements of intangible assets are based on significant unobservable inputs, and thus represent Level 3 inputs. Significant assumptions used in assessing the fair values of intangible assets include discounted future cash flows, customer attrition rates and discount rates. Through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition, Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $ 106 million and operating income of $ 6 million during 2021. We incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 15 million in 2020. We incurred acquisition integration costs of $ 6 million in 2021 and $ 2 million in 2020.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We proportionately consolidate a 66.7% undivided interest in three of the propylene splitters, which have an aggregate 38 MBPD of total plant capacity. The remaining three propylene fractionation units are wholly owned.
We produce PGP at our propylene fractionation units and PDH 1 facility located at the Mont Belvieu hub and CGP at our BRPC facility located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. On a weighted-average basis, the overall utilization rate of our propylene production facilities was approximately 86.7 %, 86.7% and 89.9% during the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
Global demand for propylene is increasing; however, the use of lighter crude oil feedstocks by U.S. refiners and increased use of ethane by steam crackers has reduced propylene production from these traditional sources. This has led to the development of more “on purpose” propylene production facilities such as our current PDH facility (“PDH 1”), which entered service in April 2018. The facility, which is located in Chambers County, Texas at our Mont Belvieu complex, has the capacity to produce up to 1.65 billion pounds per year, or approximately 25 MBPD, of PGP. At this nameplate production rate, the facility consumes approximately 35 MBPD of propane as feedstock. The PDH 1 facility is integrated with our legacy Mont Belvieu propylene fractionation units, which provides us with operational reliability and flexibility for both the PDH facility and the fractionation units. The construction of PDH 1 was underwritten by long-term, fee-based contracts that feature minimum volume commitments.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Distribution revenue increased 3% in 2022, primarily attributable to global retail subscriber gains, partially offset by a decline in wholesale revenues primarily due to the expiration of HBO Max on Amazon Channels in September 2021. HBO Max re-launched on Amazon Channels in December 2022. 
(i) a retail subscription to discovery+, HBO or HBO Max for which we have recognized subscription revenue, whether directly or through a third party, from a direct-to-consumer platform; (ii) a wholesale subscription to discovery+, HBO, or HBO Max for which we have recognized subscription revenue from a fixed-fee arrangement with a third party and where the individual user has activated their subscription; (iii) a wholesale subscription to discovery+, HBO or HBO Max for which we have recognized subscription revenue on a per subscriber basis; and (iv) users on free trials who convert to a subscription for which we have recognized subscription revenue within the first seven days of the calendar month immediately following the month in which their free trial expires. 
The reported number of “subscribers” included herein and the definition of “DTC Subscription” as used herein excludes: (i) individuals who subscribe to DTC products, other than discovery+, HBO and HBO Max, that may be offered by us or by certain joint venture partners or affiliated parties from time to time; (ii) a limited number of international discovery+ subscribers that are part of non-strategic partnerships or short-term arrangements as may be identified by the Company from time to time; (iii) domestic and international Cinemax subscribers, and international basic HBO subscribers; and (iv) users on free trials except for those users on free trial that convert to a DTC Subscription within the first seven days of the next month as noted above.
