SALESFORCE INC report:
Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement, net of any future tenant incentives. The Company has lease agreements which contain both lease and non-lease components, which it has elected to combine for all asset classes. As such, minimum lease payments include fixed payments for non-lease components within a lease agreement, but exclude variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate, such as common area maintenance, operating expenses, utilities, or other costs that are subject to fluctuation from period to period. The Company’s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Periods beyond the noncancellable term of the lease are included in the measurement of the lease liability when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the 
associated extension option or waive the termination option. The Company reassesses the lease term if and when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs within the control of the Company. As most of the Company’s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the net present value of future minimum lease payments is determined using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is an estimate of the interest rate the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments, in the economic environment where the leased asset is located. 
Lease expenses for minimum lease payments for operating leases, which includes amortization expense of ROU assets, are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Amortization expense of finance lease ROU assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and interest expense for finance lease liabilities is recognized based on the incremental borrowing rate. Expense for variable lease payments are recognized as incurred.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year. 
The Company is principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses through wholly owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Japan, the U.K., Korea, Australia, Taiwan, China, Spain, France, Iceland, New Zealand, and Sweden. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1 . Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income.Members of the Board of Directors, six corporate officers and the Company were defendants in a shareholder derivative action filed in June 2022 related to chicken welfare and alleged breaches of fiduciary duties. Smith, et ano. v. Vachris, et al., Superior Court of the State of Washington, County of King, No, 22-2-08937-7SEA. The complaint sought from the individual defendants' damages, injunctive relief, costs, and attorneys' fees. On March 28, 2023, the court granted the defendants' motion to dismiss the action. The plaintiffs subsequently made a demand that the Board of Directors take various actions, including among other things, pursuing claims against directors and officers of the type asserted in the litigation. A demand review committee of the Board has been appointed to make a recommendation to the Board as to the demand. 
In February 2023, Go Green Norcal, LLC filed an arbitration demand against the Company. The demand alleged a breach of a supply agreement and sought unspecified damages and cancellation of a loan from the Company. In March 2023, the Company filed its answer, denying any breach by the Company, along with counterclaims against Go Green and an affiliate for breach of contract, negligent misrepresentation, and an accounting. In August 2023 the plaintiff asserted that its damages exceed $ 70 million. 
In January 2023 the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand from the U.S. Attorney's Office, Western District of Washington, requesting documents. The government is conducting a False Claims Act investigation concerning whether the Company presented or caused to be presented to the federal government for payment false claims relating to prescription medications.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2019, the 2.4 percent decline in Neuromodulation sales, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, reflects a 4.2 percent decline in U.S. sales. In 2018, the growth in Neuromodulation reflects higher revenue for various products for the treatment of chronic pain and movement disorders.
Abbott has periodically sold product rights to non-strategic products and has recorded the related gains in net sales in accordance with Abbott’s revenue recognition policies as discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Related net sales were not significant in 2019, 2018 and 2017.
The expiration of licenses and patent protection can affect the future revenues and operating income of Abbott. There are no significant patent or license expirations in the next three years that are expected to materially affect Abbott.
