BOEING CO report:
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded valuation allowances of $ 3,162 and $ 2,423 primarily for certain federal deferred tax assets, as well as for certain federal and state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. To measure the valuation allowance, the Company estimated in what year each of its deferred tax assets and liabilities would reverse using systematic and logical methods to estimate the reversal patterns. Based on these methods, deferred tax liabilities are assumed to reverse and generate taxable income over the next 5 to 10 years while deferred tax assets related to pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are assumed to reverse and generate tax deductions over the next 15 to 20 years. The valuation allowance primarily results from not having sufficient income from deferred tax liability reversals in the appropriate future periods to support the realization of deferred tax assets. 
The increase in the valuation allowance during 2022 is primarily due to tax credits and other carryforwards generated in 2022 that cannot be realized in 2022. During 2022, the Company increased the valuation allowance by $ 739 . This reflects a tax expense of $ 1,199 recorded in continuing operations and an increase of $ 18 related to the associated federal benefit of state impacts. This was partially offset by a tax benefit of $ 478 included in OCI primarily due to the net actuarial gains that resulted from the annual remeasurement of pension assets and liabilities. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) one-time repatriation tax and Global Intangible Low Tax Income liabilities effectively taxed the undistributed earnings previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. We have not provided for deferred income taxes on the undistributed earnings from certain non-U.S. subsidiaries because such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. If such earnings were to be distributed, any deferred income taxes would not be significant.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Other revenue represents fees collected from policyholders relating to premium installment payments, commissions on sales of non-proprietary products, sales of identity protection services, fee-based services and other revenue transactions. Other revenue is recognized when performance obligations are fulfilled. 
Costs that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal policies or contracts are deferred and recorded as DAC. These costs are principally agent and broker remuneration, premium taxes and certain underwriting expenses. All other acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and included in operating costs and expenses. 
For property and casualty insurance, DAC is amortized into income as premiums are earned, typically over periods of six or twelve months for personal lines policies or generally one to five years for protection plans and other contracts (primarily related to finance and insurance products), and is included in amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs. DAC associated with property and casualty insurance is periodically reviewed for recoverability and adjusted if necessary. Future investment income is considered in determining the recoverability of DAC.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve month basis as of the end of each month. As of January 31, 2020, our attrition rate, excluding Commerce Cloud, Integration Cloud, Salesforce.org and Tableau, was less than nine percent. Our attrition rate for fiscal 2020 benefited, in part, from the ongoing shift in our business mix to enterprise and international markets which have longer customer contract term durations. In general, we exclude service offerings from acquisitions from our attrition calculation until fully integrated into our customer success organization. While it is difficult to predict, we expect our attrition rate to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. 
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. The increase in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to the higher demand for services from an increased number of customers. 
Subscription and support revenues from Quip Collaboration Platform were not significant in fiscal 2020 and 2019. Our Industry Offerings revenue is included in either Sales Cloud, Service Cloud or Salesforce Platform and Other depending on the primary service offering purchased. Integration and Analytics revenues are included in Salesforce Platform and Other. The acquisition of Tableau in August 2019 contributed approximately $652 million to Salesforce Platform and Other.
