BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1- Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
In the normal course of its operations we routinely enter into transactions resulting in the recognition of assets and liabilities stemming from unconditional obligations, for example trade receivables and trade payables, or conditional obligations, for example unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts at fair value, with the same counterparty. We generally record all such assets and liabilities on a gross basis, even when they are subject to master netting agreements. 
However, we also engage in various trade structured finance activities to leverage the value of our global trade flows. These activities include programs under which we generally obtain U.S. dollar-denominated letters of credit ("LCs") from financial institutions, each based on an underlying commodity trade flow, time deposits denominated in either the local currency of the financial institutions' counterparties or in U.S. dollars, as well as foreign exchange forward contracts. Trade related payables are set-off against receivables under such arrangements when all related assets and liabilities are subject to legally enforceable set-off agreements and the criteria of ASC 210-20, Offsetting , has been met. Cash inflows are offset by the related cash outflows resulting from placement of the time deposits and repayment of the LCs. All cash flows related to the programs are included in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

SALESFORCE INC report:
1     1     Additional paid-in capital 32,116     13,927     Accumulated other comprehensive loss   ( 93 )   ( 58 )   Retained earnings   1,861     1,735     Total stockholders’ equity 33,885     15,605     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 55,126     $ 30,737     
(3) Amounts include a benefit related to the partial release of the valuation allowance of $ 612 million, and $ 2 million, for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. The fiscal 2019 benefit was partially offset by an increase in unrecognized tax benefits. 
Salesforce.com, inc. (the “Company”) is a leading provider of enterprise software, delivered through the cloud, with a focus on customer relationship management, or CRM. The Company introduced its first CRM solution in 2000, and has since expanded its service offerings into new areas and industries with new editions, features and platform capabilities.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our telematics business, branded Verizon Connect, provides a full array of solutions to both businesses and consumers that combine location-based software, services and data intelligence. Our solutions enable our customers to track, safeguard and optimize vehicles, equipment and data. Verizon Connect’s commercial telematics business was formed by combining our Networkfleet business with the telematics companies acquired in 2016 - Fleetmatics Group PLC, a global provider of fleet and mobile workforce management solutions, and Telogis, Inc., a global, cloud-based mobile enterprise management software business. 
Verizon Connect provides our enterprise and SMB customers with advanced solutions and scale in distribution, research and development, and customer support. Our software solutions support fleet tracking management, compliance management, field service management, asset tracking and other types of mobile resource management business needs. 
Our Verizon Connect consumer offering is anchored by our Hum product. Hum is an aftermarket vehicle technology and subscription service that provides consumers with diagnostic technology in their vehicles, access to live assistance and roadside assistance with GPS accuracy. Our Hum service also offers the ability to connect with a certified mechanic to diagnose potential problems and offer solutions. We also offer end-to-end solutions to automotive OEMs in support of connected vehicle programs that provide value to consumers.
