BOEING CO report:
Commercial Crew NASA has contracted us to design and build the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft to transport crews to the International Space Station. On December 20, 2019 the Starliner launched and successfully landed two days later completing an abbreviated uncrewed flight test that performed many mission objectives before returning to Earth as the first orbital land touchdown of a human-rated capsule in U.S. history. The flight test was abbreviated, however, because anomalies experienced during the mission prevented docking with the International Space Station. In the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded an increase to the reach-forward loss of $410 million , primarily to provision for another uncrewed mission. Root cause analysis is underway and NASA is evaluating the data received during the mission to determine if another uncrewed mission is required. 
T-7A Red Hawk In September 2018, we were selected by the USAF to build the next generation training capability, known as T-7A Red Hawk (formerly T-X Trainer). The program includes aircraft and simulators as well as support and ground equipment. The contract is structured as an indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity fixed-price contract with a minimum of 206 aircraft and a maximum of 475 aircraft. The EMD contract is a fixed-price contract valued at $813 million and includes five aircraft and seven simulators, with a period of performance that runs through 2022. The production and support contracts are structured as options that begin with authorization from fiscal year 2022 to 2034. In connection with winning this competition in 2018, we recorded a reach-forward loss of $400 million associated with anticipated losses on the options for 346 aircraft that we believe are probable of being exercised. During 2019, we completed the aircraft’s critical design review. We believe that our investment in this contract positions us for additional market opportunities for both trainer and light attack aircraft. 
MQ-25 In August 2018, we were awarded an EMD contract to build the MQ-25 for the U.S. Navy. The EMD contract is a fixed-price contract that includes development and delivery of four aircraft and test articles at a contract price of $805 million. In connection with winning this competition, we recognized a reach-forward loss of $291 million. The period of performance runs from 2018 through 2024. In 2019, we conducted a successful first flight. The MQ-25 is the U.S. Navy’s first operational carrier-based unmanned aircraft, and we believe that our investment in this contract positions us for long-term leadership in autonomy and artificial intelligence technologies along with additional market opportunities.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Exiting Geographic Markets; Canceling and Non-Renewing Policies Most states regulate an insurer’s ability to exit a market. For example, states may limit, to varying degrees, an insurer’s ability to cancel and non-renew policies. Some states restrict or prohibit an insurer from withdrawing one or more types of insurance business from the state, except pursuant to a plan that is approved by the state insurance department. Regulations that limit cancellation and non-renewal and that subject withdrawal plans to prior approval requirements may restrict an insurer’s ability to exit unprofitable markets. 
Broker-Dealer and Investment Advisers The Allstate entities that operate as a broker-dealer and registered investment advisers are subject to regulation and supervision by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), Financial Institution 
Regulatory Authority and/or, in some cases, state securities administrators. Certain state and federal regulators are considering or have implemented best interest or fiduciary standards. Such standards could impact products provided by Allstate agents and Allstate’s broker-dealer, their sales processes, sales volume, and producer compensation arrangements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We have an investment portfolio that includes strategic investments in privately held and publicly traded companies, which range from early-stage companies to more mature companies both domestically and internationally. We primarily invest in enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators to create and expand our ecosystem. As the enterprise cloud computing ecosystem continues to mature and technologies change, our investment strategy and corresponding investment opportunities have expanded to include investments in companies concurrently with their initial public offerings, as well as larger capital investments in late stage companies. We plan to continue these types of strategic investments, including in companies representing targeted geographies and targeted business and technological initiatives, as opportunities arise that we find attractive. 
As of January 31, 2020, our portfolio consisted of investments in over 260 companies, with capital investments ranging from less than $0.3 million to approximately $300 million, and 27 investments with carrying values individually equal to or in excess of approximately $10 million. 
We anticipate additional volatility to our consolidated statements of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments to our investments. These changes could be material based on market conditions and events. While historically our investment portfolio has had a positive impact on our financial results, that may not be true for future periods, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations that affect our equity securities within our strategic investments portfolio.
