SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2020, our remaining performance obligation was $30.8 billion. Our remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and includes unearned revenue, which has been invoiced and is recorded on the balance sheet, and unbilled amounts that are not recorded on the balance sheet, that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. 
We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our revolving loan credit agreement that provides for $1.0 billion unsecured financing ("Credit Facility") and unbilled amounts related to contracted non-cancelable subscription agreements, which is not reflected on the balance sheet, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. 
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, impacting our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• women’s health products, including Duphaston™, for the treatment of many different gynecological disorders; and Femoston™, a hormone replacement therapy for postmenopausal women; 
• cardiovascular and metabolic products, including Lipanthyl™ and TriCor™, for the treatment of dyslipidemia; Teveten™ and Teveten™ Plus, for the treatment of essential hypertension, and Physiotens™, for the treatment of hypertension; and Synthroid™, for the treatment of hypothyroidism; 
• pain and central nervous system products, including Serc™, for the treatment of Ménière’s disease and vestibular vertigo; Brufen™, for the treatment of pain, fever, and inflammation; and Sevedol™, for the treatment of severe migraines; and

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Robert Wagner, 45- Mr. Wagner has served as Chief Risk Officer since joining Bunge in June 2019. Prior to joining Bunge, Mr. Wagner was Chief Risk Officer at Tricon International, Ltd. Prior to Tricon, he was Group Chief Risk Officer at COFCO Agri Ltd in Geneva, Switzerland. Prior to COFCO, he was Chief Risk Officer for The Gavilon Group, LLC, where he was member of the firm’s Executive Committee and had responsibility for both the market risk management and credit departments. 
Ruth Ann Wisener, 57 -Ms. Wisener has served as Vice President of Investor Relations since joining Bunge in March 2019. Prior to joining Bunge, Ms. Wisener worked in leadership positions in a variety of legal, finance, and commercial roles at Tyson Foods and ADM, among others. 
We are subject to various legal proceedings and risks globally in the course of our business, including claims, suits, and government investigations or proceedings involving competition, tax, labor and employment, environmental, commercial disputes, and other matters. Although we cannot accurately predict the amount of any liability that may ultimately arise with respect to any of these matters, we make provisions for potential liabilities when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. These provisions are based on current information and legal advice and are adjusted from time to time according to developments. We do not expect the outcome of these proceedings, net of established reserves, to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. However, due to their inherent uncertainty, there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of current or future litigation, proceedings, investigations or claims and it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in judgments, awards, fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period.
