MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We are a party to various tax matter proceedings incidental to our business. These proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable outcomes could subject us to additional tax liabilities and could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial position. 
The following table summarizes the changes in the accumulated balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) attributable to Mondelēz International. Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) to net earnings (net of tax) were net losses/(gains) of $ 21 million in 2022, $( 44 ) million in 2021 and $ 285 million in 2020. 
   For the Years Ended December 31,   2022 2021 2020   (in millions) Currency Translation Adjustments: Balance at beginning of period $ ( 9,097 ) $ ( 8,655 ) $ ( 8,320 ) Currency translation adjustments ( 659 ) ( 481 ) ( 398 ) Reclassification to earnings related to: Equity method investment transactions (1)

SALESFORCE INC report:
In situations where a customer purchases multiple cloud offerings, such as through an Enterprise License Agreement, we allocate the contract value to each core service offering based on the customer’s estimated product demand plan, the service that was provided at the inception of the contract, and standalone selling price ("SSP") of those products. We do not update these allocations based on actual product usage during the term of the contract. We have allocated approximately 17 percent , 15 percent , 13 percent  of our total subscription and support revenues for fiscal 2019  , 2018 and 2017, respectively, based on customers’ estimated product demand plans and these allocated amounts are included in the table above. 
Additionally, some of our service offerings have similar features and functions. For example, customers may use the Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud or the Salesforce Platform to record account and contact information, which are similar features across these core service offerings. Depending on a customer’s actual and projected business requirements, more than one core service offering may satisfy the customer’s current and future needs. We record revenue based on the individual products ordered by a customer, not according to the customer’s business requirements and usage. In addition, as we introduce new features and functions within each offering and refine our allocation methodology for changes in our business, we do not expect it to be practical to adjust historical revenue results by service offering for comparability. Accordingly, comparisons of revenue performance by core service offering over time may not be meaningful. 
Our Sales Cloud service offering is our most widely distributed service offering and has historically been the largest contributor of subscription and support revenues. As a result, Sales Cloud has the most international exposure and foreign exchange rate exposure relative to the other cloud service offerings. Conversely, revenue for Marketing and Commerce Cloud is primarily derived from the Americas with little impact from foreign exchange rate movement.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $62 million in fractionators and refinery services margin primarily due to a $57 million increase resulting from the commissioning of our sixth and seventh fractionators in February 2019 and February 2020, respectively, and higher NGL volumes from the Permian and Barnett regions feeding our Mont Belvieu fractionation facility, and a $9 million increase in rail and truck volumes feeding our refinery services facility. These increases were partially offset by a $7 million decrease due primarily to an expiration of a third-party blending contract during the second quarter of 2020; 
• an increase of $27 million in storage margin primarily due to a $16 million increase from throughput fees generated from exported volumes and an $11 million increase from component product storage fees; and 
• a decrease of $11 million in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily due to lower allocated overhead costs and lower employee costs resulting from cost-cutting initiatives; partially offset by
