BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Based upon an analysis of credit losses and risk factors to be considered in determining the allowance for credit losses, we have determined that the long-term receivables from farmers in Brazil are a single portfolio segment. 
We evaluate this single portfolio segment by class of receivables, which is defined as a level of information (below a portfolio segment) in which the receivables have the same initial measurement attribute and a similar method for assessing and monitoring risk. We have identified accounts in legal collection processes and renegotiated amounts as classes of long-term receivables from farmers. Valuation allowances for accounts in legal collection processes are determined by us on individual accounts based on the fair value of the collateral provided as security for the secured advance or credit sale. The fair value is determined using a combination of internal and external resources, including published information concerning Brazilian land values by region. For determination of the valuation allowances for renegotiated amounts, we consider historical experience with the individual farmers, current weather and crop conditions, as well as the fair value of non-crop collateral. 
For both classes, a long-term receivable from farmers in Brazil is considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we determine it to be probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. Recognition of interest income on secured advances to farmers is suspended once the farmer defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. No additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery, where amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income.

BOEING CO report:
CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Core earnings per share excludes both the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment and non-operating pension and postretirement expenses. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with GAAP are allocated to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. 
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustments recognized in Loss from operations were benefits of $849 million in 2022, $882 million in 2021 and $1,024 million in 2020. The lower benefits in 2022 and 2021 were primarily due to reductions in allocated pension cost year over year. The non-operating pension expense included in Other income, net was a benefit of $881 million in 2022, $528 million in 2021 and $340 million in 2020. The higher benefits in 2022 were primarily due to lower amortization of net actuarial losses and a settlement loss that was recorded in 2021. For further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs, see the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 24 of this Form 10-K and see Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit cost primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We also review these policies for circumstances where projected profits would be recognized in early years followed by projected losses in later years. In 2020 and 2019, our reviews concluded that there were no projected losses following projected profits in each long-term projection. 
We will continue to monitor the experience of our traditional life insurance and immediate annuities. We periodically complete comprehensive mortality studies for our structured settlement annuities with life contingencies to determine whether annuitants are living for a longer period than originally estimated. We anticipate that investment and reinvestment yields, mortality, and policy terminations are the factors that would be most likely to require premium deficiency adjustments to reserves or related DAC. Mortality rates and investment and reinvestment yields are the factors that would be most likely to require a profits followed by losses liability accrual. 
The pending sale of ALIC and certain affiliates represents approximately 90% of Allstate Life and 75% of Allstate Annuities reserves for life-contingent contract benefits and contractholder funds. For further detail on this transaction, see Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.
