BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. Instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. We generally perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. If events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses, we perform an impairment analysis at that date. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant asset. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) determine our reporting units; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value, or book value, of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge for such amount, but not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including the identification of our reporting units, identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, and determination of fair value. In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis, we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management’s strategic business plans. Changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in goodwill impairment charges. We believe the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. Estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used, where available. Critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include, but are not limited to, assumptions about variables such as commodity prices, crop throughput and production volumes, profitability, future capital expenditures and discount rates, all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment. 
During the fourth quarters of 2022, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined the estimated fair values of each of our goodwill reporting units exceeded each of their carrying values by a significant amount. See Note 9- Goodwill, to our consolidated financial statements.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Voice services. We provide switched access services that allow carriers to complete their end-user calls that originate or terminate within our territory. In addition, we provide originating and terminating voice services throughout the U.S. and globally utilizing our TDM and VoIP networks. 
Local services. We offer an array of local dial tone and broadband services to competitive local exchange carriers, some of which are offered to comply with telecommunications regulations. In addition, we offer services such as colocation, resale and unbundled network elements in compliance with applicable regulations. 
Business Markets offers tailored voice and networking products, Fios services, IP Networking, advanced voice solutions, security, and managed information technology (IT) services to U.S.-based small and medium businesses, state and local governments, and educational institutions. In 2018 , Business Markets revenues were $3.4 billion , representing approximately 11%  of Wireline’s aggregate revenues.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The following section generally discusses Fiscal Year 2020 and 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between Fiscal Year 2020 and 2019, as well as certain Fiscal Year 2018 items. Discussions of Fiscal Year 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal year 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2019. 
We are a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and customers together. We introduced our first CRM solution in 2000, and we have since expanded our service offerings with new editions, features and platform capabilities. Our core mission is to enable our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, voice and artificial intelligence (“AI”), to transform their businesses. Our Customer 360 platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce, analytics and more to give our customers a single source of information about their customers. 
• Acquisitions: During fiscal 2020 we completed the acquisition of Tableau Software, Inc. ("Tableau") for $14.8 billion in common stock issued, cash and fair value of equity assumed, ClickSoftware Technologies Ltd. ("ClickSoftware") for $1.4 billion in cash, common stock issued and fair value of equity assumed, and Salesforce.org for $300 million in cash.
