ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• structural heart products, including MitraClip ® , a mitral valve transcatheter edge-to-edge repair system; TriClip ® , a tricuspid valve transcatheter edge-to-edge repair system; Epic ® , a surgical family of aortic valve and mitral valve replacement devices; Portico ® and Navitor™ transcatheter aortic heart valves; Regent™ and Masters Series™ mechanical heart valves; Amplatzer ® PFO occluders; Amplatzer Amulet ® occluder devices; and the Tendyne ® transcatheter mitral valve replacement system; 
• continuous glucose and blood glucose monitoring systems under the FreeStyle ® brand such as the FreeStyle Libre ® system, including sensors, data management decision software, test strips, and accessories for people with diabetes; and 
• neuromodulation products, including spinal cord stimulators Proclaim ® Elite and Proclaim ® XR Recharge-free implantable pulse generators (IPG) and Prodigy MRI ® IPG, each with BurstDR ® stimulation, and Proclaim ® DRG IPG, a neurostimulation device designed for dorsal root ganglion therapy, for the treatment of chronic pain disorders; and the Infinity ® Deep Brain Stimulation System with directional lead technology for the treatment of movement disorders.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The agreements governing our indebtedness also contain customary events of default. Those include, without limitation, the failure to pay interest or principal when it is due under the agreements, cross default provisions, the failure of representations and warranties contained in the agreements to be true when made, and certain insolvency events. If an event of default occurs and remains uncured, the principal amounts outstanding, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owed, may be declared immediately due and payable. Were such an event to occur, the Company would be forced to seek new financing that may not be on as favorable terms as its existing debt. The Company’s ability to refinance its indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, is directly affected by the then prevailing economic and financial conditions. In addition, the Company’s ability to incur secured indebtedness (which may enable it to achieve more favorable terms than the incurrence of unsecured indebtedness) depends in part on the value of its assets. This, in turn, is dependent on the strength of its cash flows, results of operations, economic and market conditions, and other factors. 
Self-Insured Liabilities — The Company is self-insured for general liability, fleet liability and workers’ compensation claims. Claims in excess of certain levels are insured by external parties. The workers’ compensation liability, included in the table above under “Workers’ compensation, general liability and fleet liability,” is recorded at present value. This table summarizes self-insurance liability activity for the last three fiscal years: 
Balance at December 30, 2017 $ 4   $ 1   $ 5   Current period costs 1   —   1   Payments, net ( 4 ) —   ( 4 ) Balance as of December 29, 2018 1   1   2   Current period costs —   —   —   Payments, net —   ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Balance at December 28, 2019 1   $ —   $ 1   Current period costs 27   3   30   Payments, net ( 27 ) ( 2 ) ( 29 ) Balance as of January 2, 2021 $ 1   $ 1   $ 2

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s arrangements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if its products or services infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any material liabilities related to such obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person’s service as a director or officer, including any action by the Company, arising out of that person’s services as the Company’s director or officer or that person’s services provided to any other company or enterprise at the Company’s request. The Company maintains director and officer insurance coverage that would generally enable the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company may also be subject to indemnification obligations by law with respect to the actions of its employees under certain circumstances and in certain jurisdictions. 
In February 2016, the FASB issued Topic 842, which requires lessees to record most leases on their balance sheet but recognize the expenses on their statement of operations and cash flows on the statement of cash flows in a manner similar to previous accounting guidance. Topic 842 generally requires that lessees recognize operating and financing liabilities for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-to-use asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.
