COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and Other International operating segments (see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report). Certain operations in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery. 
In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars. This impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's currency exchange rates. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's average price per gallon sold. Results expressed excluding the impacts of foreign exchange and gasoline prices should be reviewed in conjunction with results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2023 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2023. References to 2022 and 2021 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 28, 2022, and August 29, 2021. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, which took effect in January 2020, adopted significant compliance requirements for businesses that collect personal information on California residents. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act, which expands consumer privacy rights and establishes a new privacy regulatory agency, was passed in November 2020 and will become effective in January 2023. Further, the New York State Department of Financial Services cybersecurity regulation and the NAIC Insurance Data Security Model Law, which has been adopted in some form by several states, establish standards for data security and for the investigation of and notification to insurance commissioners of cybersecurity events. Additional states are also likely to adopt similarly themed cybersecurity requirements in the future. We cannot predict the impact on our business of possible future legislative measures regarding privacy or cybersecurity. 
Asbestos. Congress has repeatedly considered legislation to address asbestos claims and litigation in the past. We cannot predict the impact on our business of possible future legislative measures regarding asbestos. 
Environmental. Environmental pollution and clean-up of polluted waste sites is the subject of federal and state regulation. The Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (the “Superfund”) and comparable state statutes (the “mini-Superfunds”) govern the clean-up and restoration of waste sites by Potentially Responsible Parties (“PRPs”). The Superfund and the mini-Superfunds (collectively, the “Environmental Clean-up Laws” or “ECLs”) establish a mechanism to assign liability to PRPs or to fund the clean-up of waste sites if PRPs fail to do so. The extent of liability to be allocated to a PRP depends on a variety of factors. The insurance industry is involved in extensive litigation regarding coverage issues arising out of the clean-up of waste sites by insured PRPs and the insured parties’ alleged liability to third parties responsible for the clean-up. The insurance industry, including Allstate, has disputed and is disputing many such claims. Key coverage issues include whether the Superfund response, investigation, and clean-up costs are considered damages under the policies; whether coverage has been triggered; whether any pollution exclusion applies; whether there has been proper notice of claims; whether administrative liability triggers the duty to defend; whether there is an appropriate allocation of liability among potentially responsible insurers; and whether the liability in question falls within the definition of an “occurrence.” Identical coverage issues exist for clean-up and waste sites not covered under the Superfund. To date, courts have been inconsistent in their rulings on these issues.

BOEING CO report:
(2) charges to cost of products for adverse changes in the fair value of trade-in aircraft that occur subsequent to signing of a definitive agreement for Sale Aircraft but prior to the purchase of the used trade-in aircraft. Estimates based on current aircraft values would be included in Accrued liabilities. 
The fair value of trade-in aircraft is determined using aircraft-specific data such as model, age and condition, market conditions for specific aircraft and similar models, and multiple valuation sources. This process uses our assessment of the market for each trade-in aircraft, which in most instances begins years before the return of the aircraft. There are several possible markets in which we continually pursue opportunities to place used aircraft. These markets include, but are not limited to, the resale market, which could potentially include the cost of long-term storage; the leasing market, with the potential for refurbishment costs to meet the leasing customer’s requirements; or the scrap market. Trade-in aircraft valuation varies significantly depending on which market we determine is most likely for each aircraft. On a quarterly basis, we update our valuation analysis based on the actual activities associated with placing each aircraft into a market or using current published third-party aircraft valuations based on the type and age of the aircraft, adjusted for individual attributes and known conditions. 
In conjunction with certain product sales, we provide warranties that cover factors such as non-conformance to specifications and defects in material and design. The majority of our warranties are issued by our BCA segment. Generally, aircraft sales are accompanied by a 3 to 4 -year standard warranty for systems, accessories, equipment, parts, and software manufactured by us or manufactured to certain standards under our authorization. These warranties are included in the programs’ estimate at completion. On occasion we have made commitments beyond the standard warranty obligation to correct fleet-wide major issues of a particular model, resulting in additional accrued warranty expense. Warranties issued by our BDS segment principally relate to sales of military aircraft and weapons systems. These sales are generally accompanied by a six month to two-year warranty period and cover systems, accessories, equipment, parts and software manufactured by us to certain contractual specifications. Estimated costs related to standard warranties are recorded in the period in which the related product delivery occurs. The warranty liability recorded at each balance sheet date reflects the estimated number of months of warranty coverage outstanding for products delivered times the average of historical monthly warranty payments, as well as additional amounts for certain major warranty issues that exceed a normal claims level. Estimated costs of these additional warranty issues are considered changes to the initial liability estimate.
