MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Between 2013 and 2017, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of a total of $ 13.7 billion of our Common Stock through December 31, 2018. On January 31, 2018, our Finance Committee, with authorization delegated from our Board of Directors, approved an increase of $ 6.0 billion in the share repurchase program, raising the authorization to $ 19.7 billion of Common Stock repurchases, and extended the program through December 31, 2020 . Repurchases under the program are determined by management and are wholly discretionary. Prior to January 1, 2019 , we had repurchased approximately $ 15.0 billion of Common Stock pursuant to this authorization. During 2019 , we repurchased approximately 30.9 million shares of Common Stock at an average cost of $ 48.51 per share, or an aggregate cost of approximately $ 1.5 billion , all of which was paid during the period except for approximately $ 19 million settled in January 2020. All share repurchases were funded through available cash and commercial paper issuances. As of December 31, 2019 , we have approximately $ 3.2 billion in remaining share repurchase capacity. 
In February 2013 and March 2014, Cadbury India Limited (now known as Mondelez India Foods Private Limited), a subsidiary of Mondelēz International, and other parties received show cause notices from the Indian Central Excise Authority (the “Excise Authority”) calling upon the parties to demonstrate why the Excise Authority should not collect a total of 3.7 billion Indian rupees ( $ 52 million as of December 31, 2019 ) ("Period 1") of unpaid excise tax and an equivalent amount of penalties, as well as interest, related to production at the same Indian facility. We contested these demands and on March 27, 2015, the Commissioner of the Excise Authority (the "Commissioner") issued an order denying the excise exemption that we claimed for Period 1. We appealed this order in June 2015. The Excise Authority issued additional show cause notices in February 2015, December 2015 and October 2017 on the same issue covering additional periods through June 2017 ("Period 2"). These three notices added a total of 4.9 billion Indian rupees ( $ 68 million as of December 31, 2019 ) of allegedly unpaid excise taxes subject to penalties up to an equivalent amount plus accrued interest. We contested these demands, and on May 25, 2019, the Commissioner issued an order denying the excise exemption that we claimed for Period 2. We appealed this order in August 2019. With the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax ("GST") in India in July 2017, we stopped receiving show 
cause notices for additional amounts on this issue. Beginning in the fall of 2019, the government of India made available an amnesty to resolve legacy tax issues following the GST implementation. Under the amnesty, upon payment of 50 % of the principal demand for cases pending adjudication or appeal as of June 30, 2019 and 60 % of the principal demand for cases where the appeal was filed after June 30, 2019, the government would waive the remainder of the principal demand as well as any penalties imposed and interest, and it would also grant immunity from prosecution. Although we continue to believe that our decision to claim the excise tax benefit was valid, in December 2019, we filed for the amnesty and accrued a total of 4.6 billion Indian rupees ( $ 65 million as of December 31, 2019 ) in selling, general and administrative expenses for this matter. In January 2020, we made the related payments under the amnesty. This matter is now resolved, and the resolution was not material to our business or financial condition.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Historical payment trends may not be an accurate indicator of current or future creditworthiness of our customers, particularly in difficult economic and financial markets. As a result of the limited predictability inherent in estimating which customers are less likely or unlikely to remit amounts owed to us, our provision for estimated credit losses may not be sufficient. Any write-off of accounts receivable in excess of our provision for expected credit losses would have 
an adverse effect on our results of operations. If credit losses exceed established allowances, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. For additional information on the credit risks inherent in our business, see “Item 1A – Risk Factors” in this 2018 10‑K Report. 
Inventories are measured primarily using weighted average cost, and first-in-first-out in certain limited locations, and are measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. When evidence exists that the net realizable value of inventory is lower than its cost, the difference is recognized as a loss in earnings in the period in which it occurs. We utilize a variety of fuel indices and other indicators of market value. Sharp negative changes in these indices can result in a reduction of our inventory valuation, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations in the period in which we take the adjustment. These adjustments may have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations. Components of inventory include fuel purchase costs, the related transportation costs and changes in the estimated fair market values for inventories included in a fair value hedge relationship.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The maximum number of barrels per day that our NGL pipelines can transport depends on the operating rates achieved at a given point in time between various segments of each system (e.g., demand levels at each injection and delivery point and the mix of products being transported). As a result, we measure the utilization rates of our NGL pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership interest. In the aggregate, net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 3,412 MBPD, 3,589 MBPD and 3,615 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
 • The Mid-America Pipeline System is an NGL pipeline system consisting of the 3,119-mile Rocky Mountain pipeline, the 2,023-mile Conway North pipeline, the 632-mile Ethane-Propane (“EP”) Mix pipeline, and the 2,088-mile Conway South pipeline. The Rocky Mountain pipeline transports mixed NGLs from production fields located in the Rocky Mountain Overthrust and San Juan Basin to the Hobbs NGL hub located on the Texas-New Mexico border. The Conway North segment links the NGL hub at Conway, Kansas to refineries, petrochemical plants and propane markets in the upper Midwest. NGL hubs provide buyers and sellers with a centralized location for the storage and pricing of products, while also providing connections to intrastate and/or interstate pipelines. The EP Mix segment transports EP mix from the Conway hub to petrochemical plants in Iowa and Illinois. The Conway South pipeline connects the Conway hub with Kansas refineries and provides bi-directional transportation of NGLs between the Conway and Hobbs hubs. At the Hobbs NGL hub, the Mid-America Pipeline System interconnects with our Seminole NGL Pipeline and Hobbs NGL fractionation and storage facility. The Mid-America Pipeline System is also connected to 18 non-regulated NGL terminals that we own and operate.
 • The South Texas NGL Pipeline System is a network of NGL gathering and transportation pipelines located in South Texas that gather and transport mixed NGLs from natural gas processing facilities (owned by either us or third parties) to our NGL fractionators located in South Texas and in Chambers County, Texas. In addition, this system transports purity NGL products from our South Texas NGL fractionators to refineries and petrochemical plants located between Corpus Christi, Texas and Houston, Texas and within the Texas City-Houston area, as well as to interconnects with other NGL pipelines and to our Chambers County storage complex. The South Texas NGL Pipeline System extends our ethane header system from Chambers County, Texas to Corpus Christi, Texas.
