WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to modify its exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and from market volatility related to certain equity investments measured at fair value. At the inception of a derivative contract, the Company designates the derivative as one of four types based on the Company's intentions and expectations as to the likely effectiveness as a hedge. These four types are: 
The Company designates foreign currency forward and option contracts as cash flow hedges to mitigate foreign currency risk arising from third-party revenue and intercompany licensing agreements. The Company also designates interest rate contracts used to hedge the pricing for certain senior notes as cash flow hedges. For foreign exchange forward contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges, the ineffective portion (if any) is not separately recorded, as the entire change in the fair value of the forward contract is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into the statement of operations in the same line item in which the hedged item is recorded and in the same period as the hedged item affects earnings. 
The Company designates cross-currency swaps and foreign currency forward contracts as hedges of net investments in foreign operations. The Company assesses effectiveness for net investment hedges utilizing the spot-method. The entire change in the fair value of derivatives that qualify as net investment hedges is initially recorded in the currency translation adjustment component of other comprehensive income. While the change in fair value attributable to hedge effectiveness remains in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the net investment is sold or liquidated, the change in fair value attributable to components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (e.g., forward points, cross currency basis, etc.) is reflected as a component of interest expense, net in the current period.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The Governance, Membership and Public Affairs Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our sustainable snacking and mindful snacking strategies. Our goals are part of our strategic planning process, and therefore, progress and key activities are regularly reported to the Board of Directors and the business leadership teams. Climate change, CO 2 emissions, energy, well-being and other sustainability matters are key focus areas in our strategy. 
We have a robust Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and managing risks, with oversight by the Risk and Compliance Committee ("MRCC"), which reports annually to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The purpose of the MRCC is to oversee how we identify and assess the most significant inherent risks to our business so we may adequately mitigate them or monitor them across the Company. All identified risks are vetted by the MRCC and remain under the MRCC’s governance. Ownership of specific risks is assigned at the Mondelēz Leadership Team ("MLT") level (MLT members report directly to the CEO). As owners of each specific risk, MLT members are responsible for verifying that appropriate mitigation controls and monitoring systems are in place. The risk universe considered during this process is wide and varied. Climate change is included in this risk universe as well as other sustainability and well-being issues. 
Our ERM methodology is governed by the MRCC and includes annual reviews with our four operating regions, considering Company-level risks by using information gathered at the asset level (regions, countries, individual facilities and separate business units). The following key risk drivers for climate change, sustainability and well-being risks are captured in the ERM framework: a sustainability mindset within the organization and suppliers, governance and monitoring of the sustainability agenda, monitoring climate change impact, assessing reputation and brand image, the well-being portfolio and marketing strategy, changes in regulations and changes in consumer preferences.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In April 2016, the PHMSA issued a NOPV, PCO and Proposed Civil Penalty related to certain procedures carried out during construction of ETO’s Permian Express 2 pipeline system in Texas. The proposed penalties are in excess of   $100,000 . The case went to hearing in November 2016 and remains open with PHMSA. ETO does not expect there to be a material impact to its results of operations, cash flows or financial position.   
In July 2016, the PHMSA issued a NOPV and PCO to our West Texas Gulf pipeline in connection with inspection and maintenance activities related to a 2013 incident on our crude oil pipeline near Wortham, Texas. The proposed penalties are in excess of   $100,000 . The case went to hearing in March 2017. PHMSA Southwest Region has issued its post-hearing recommendations to PHMSA 
headquarters. The recommendations included a provision for alteration of the number of instances of violation for one NOPV. All remaining NOPVs are unchanged. There was a minor reduction in the civil penalty expected due to a reduction in the number of instances of violation for one NOPV, and the Proposed Compliance Order was fully withdrawn. We do not expect there to be a material impact to our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position.
