BOEING CO report:
BDS earnings from operations in 2017 increased by $515 million compared with 2016 primarily due to lower charges on the KC-46A Tanker and Commercial Crew programs. Higher earnings reflect the favorable impact of cumulative catch-up adjustments which were $374 million higher in 2017 than in 2016, primarily driven by lower charges on development programs in 2017. 
Total backlog of $57,166 million at December 31, 2018 increase d by 30% from $44,049 million at December 31, 2017 , primarily due to current year contract awards in many of our programs greater than revenue recognized. Significant orders included Satellites, F/A-18 fighters, Ground-based Midcourse Defense, weapons, VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, V-22 Osprey, CH-47 Chinook, MQ-25 Stingray and T-X Trainer. 
Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements. In these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. Examples of these programs include Ground-based Midcourse Defense , Proprietary and Space Launch System programs.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company’s other reinsurance programs   relate to asbestos, environmental, and other liability exposures. These programs  include reinsurance recoverables of $165 million  and $167 million  from Lloyd’s of Lo ndon as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively. Excluding Lloyd’s of London, the largest reinsurance recoverable balance the Company had outstanding was $60 million  and $61 million  from Westport Insurance Corporation as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively. 
Developments in the insurance and reinsurance industries have fostered a movement to segregate asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines exposures into separate legal entities with dedicated capital. Regulatory bodies in certain cases have supported these actions. The Company is unable to determine the impact, if any, that these developments will have on the collectability of reinsurance recoverables in the future. 
 Lloyd’s of London, through the creation of Equitas Limited (“Equitas”), implemented a restructuring to solidify its capital base and to segregate claims for years prior to 1993. In 2007, Berkshire Hathaway’s subsidiary, National Indemnity Company, assumed responsibility for the Equitas’ claim liabilities through a loss portfolio transfer reinsurance agreement and continues to runoff the Equitas’ claims.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Overview —We are a leading, integrated producer of sugar and ethanol in Brazil. We own and operate eight sugarcane mills in Brazil, the world's largest producer and exporter of sugar. As of December 31, 2018, our mills had a total crushing capacity of approximately 22 million metric tons per year. Sugarcane, which is the raw material that we use to produce sugar and ethanol, is supplied by a combination of our own plantations and third-party farmers. Additionally, through cogeneration facilities at our sugarcane mills, we produce electricity from the burning of sugarcane bagasse (the fibrous portion of the sugarcane that remains after the extraction of sugarcane juice) in boilers, which enables our mills to meet their energy requirements. Any surplus electricity is sold to the local grid or other large third-party users of electricity. 
In 2018, we exited our international sugar trading operations and renewable oils joint venture in Brazil and continue to explore alternatives to reduce our exposure to the Brazilian sugarcane milling business, such as an initial public offering, sale, joint venture or other alternatives. The nature and timing of any potential outcome or transaction is uncertain and cannot be predicted. Over the past several years we have also focused on improving the efficiency and lowering the operating costs of this business. 
Raw Materials —Sugarcane is our principal raw material in this segment and we both produce it and procure it through third-party supply contracts. The annual harvesting cycle in Brazil typically begins in late March/early April and ends in late November/early December. Once planted, sugarcane is harvested for five to seven years on average, but the yield decreases with each harvest over the life cycle of the cane. As a result, after this period, old sugarcane plants are typically removed, and the area is replanted. The quality and yield of the harvested cane are also affected by factors such as soil quality, moisture topography, weather and agricultural practices.
