ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company is continuing to defend two putative class actions in California federal court, Holland Hewitt v. Allstate Life Insurance Company (E.D. Cal., filed May 2020) and Farley v. Lincoln Benefit Life Company (E.D. Cal., filed Dec. 2020), following the sale of ALIC. No classes have been certified in these matters. In these cases, plaintiffs generally allege that the defendants failed to comply with certain California statutes which address contractual grace periods and lapse notice requirements for certain life insurance policies. Plaintiffs claim that these statutes apply to life insurance policies that existed before the statutes’ effective date. The plaintiffs seek damages and injunctive relief. Similar litigation is pending against other insurance carriers. In August 2021, the California Supreme Court in McHugh v. Protective Life , a matter involving another insurer, determined that the statutory notice requirements apply to life insurance policies issued before the statutes’ effective date. The Company asserts various defenses to plaintiffs’ claims and to class certification. 
The Company and its eligible domestic subsidiaries file a U.S. consolidated federal income tax return. The Company also files tax returns in various states and foreign jurisdictions. Tax liabilities and benefits realized by the consolidated group are allocated as generated by the respective entities. 
Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through income tax expense as changes in tax laws or rates are enacted.

BOEING CO report:
A Potentially Responsible Party (PRP) has joint and several liability under existing U.S. environmental laws. Where we have been designated a PRP by the Environmental Protection Agency or a state environmental agency, we are potentially liable to the government or third parties for the full cost of remediating contamination at our facilities, former facilities or third-party sites. If we were required to fully fund the remediation of a site for which we were originally assigned a partial share, the statutory framework would allow us to pursue rights to contribution from other PRPs. For additional information relating to environmental contingencies, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Non-U.S. Sales. Our non-U.S. sales are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. governmental regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations relating to import-export control, tariffs, investment, exchange controls, anti-corruption and repatriation of earnings. Non-U.S. sales are also subject to varying currency, political and economic risks. 
We are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials, parts and subassemblies from our suppliers and subcontractors. The most important raw materials required for our aerospace products are aluminum (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions), titanium (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions) and composites (including carbon and boron). Although alternative sources generally exist for these raw materials, qualification of the sources could take a year or more. Many major components and product equipment items are procured or subcontracted on a sole-source basis.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
To execute our strategy we have a defined sustainability framework that incorporates activities and commitments supporting robust action on climate change, promoting responsible supply chains and ensuring accountability. 
The Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee ("SCRC") of the Board oversees sustainability at Bunge, with certain ESG- related responsibilities integrated across other Board committees. The SCRC meets on a regular basis and is tasked with oversight of governance, policies, strategies and programs related to a comprehensive set of sustainability and corporate social responsibility factors which support the sustainable growth of the Company, including, but not limited to, climate change, environmental matters, human rights, social development, risk management, external trends, external stakeholder engagement, philanthropy, and reporting and disclosure. Additionally, the Enterprise Risk Management Committee ("ERMC") of the Board periodically evaluates climate-related risks and opportunities in connection with its oversight of enterprise risks and risk mitigation strategies. The Audit Committee periodically evaluates applicable trends, risks and developments in non-financial reporting practices and requirements which may impact the Company’s regulatory filings, including ESG-related disclosures. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee ("HRCC") oversees the establishment of sustainability linked-performance goals for our executives and workforce. The sustainability function is executed by the Chief Sustainability Officer who reports to our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). 
We are working to position Bunge to address the sustainability challenges facing the food, feed, and fuel supply chains in which we operate. We intend to address those by, among other things, connecting farmers and our end-customers. For example, Bunge is actively engaged in supplying low carbon feedstock for renewable fuels, sourcing and supplying grains planted under regenerative agricultural practices, and supplying certified and verified deforestation-free grains and by-products, among other initiatives.
