WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
No goodwill impairment expense was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2018 . Goodwill impairment expense of $ 1.3 billion  was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2017 . (See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
Depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization increased   $1.1 billion , primarily due to the impact of the Transactions. On a pro forma combined basis, depreciation and amortization expense decreased $249 million , primarily due to pro forma amortization in 2017 related to the ad revenue backlog intangible, which had a one-year useful life and was fully amortized on a pro forma basis in 2017.   
Restructuring and other charges increased  $ 675 million , primarily as a result of content impairments associated with changes in programming strategies, involuntary severance actions associated with the integration of Scripps Networks, costs associated with the termination of long-term programming arrangements, and lease exit costs. (See Note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) On a pro forma combined basis, restructuring and other charges increased  $ 685 million . We expect to incur additional restructuring and integration expenses related to employee and contract terminations, relocation from the Company's Silver Spring headquarters to New York City, and content costs.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Our cash flows may change in the future due to a number of factors, some of which we cannot control. These factors include regulatory changes, the price of our subsidiaries’ products and services, the demand for such products and services, margin requirements resulting from significant changes in commodity prices, operational risks, the successful integration of our acquisitions, and other factors. 
Changes in cash flows from operating activities between periods primarily result from changes in earnings (as discussed in “Results of Operations” above), excluding the impacts of non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash items include recurring non-cash expenses, such as depreciation, depletion and amortization expense and non-cash compensation expense. The increase in depreciation, depletion and amortization expense during the periods presented primarily resulted from construction and acquisition of assets, while changes in non-cash compensation expense resulted from changes in the number of units granted and changes in the grant date fair value estimated for such grants. Cash flows from operating activities also differ from earnings as a result of non-cash charges that may not be recurring, such as impairment charges and allowance for equity funds used during construction. The allowance for equity funds used during construction increases in periods when ETO has a significant amount of interstate pipeline construction in progress. Changes in operating assets and liabilities between periods result from factors such as the changes in the value of price risk management assets and liabilities, timing of accounts receivable collection, payments on accounts payable, the timing of purchases and sales of inventories, and the timing of advances and deposits received from customers. 
Cash provided by operating activities in 2018  was $7.51 billion  and income from continuing operations was $3.63 billion . The difference between net income and cash provided by operating activities in 2018  primarily consisted of net non-cash items totaling $3.30 billion  and changes in operating assets and liabilities of $289 million . The non-cash activity in 2018  consisted primarily of depreciation, depletion and amortization of $2.86 billion , impairment losses   of   $431 million , deferred income tax benefit of   $7 million , inventory valuation adjustments of   $85 million ,  losses on extinguishments of debt of $112 million , equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates of   $344 million   and non-cash compensation expense of   $105 million .   The Partnership also received distributions of $328 million  from unconsolidated affiliates.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Adjusted EPS increased 13.6% to $2.43 in 2018 and increased 16.3% to $2.14 in 2017 . On a constant currency basis, Adjusted EPS increased 15.0% to $2.46 in 2018 and increased 15.8% to $2.13 in 2017 . For 2018 , operating gains, lower shares outstanding, increased equity method investment earnings, lower taxes and lower interest drove the Adjusted EPS growth. For 2017, operating gains, lower interest expense, increased equity method investment earnings and lower shares outstanding were the significant drivers of Adjusted EPS growth. Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis are non-GAAP financial measures. We use these measures as they provide improved year-over-year comparability of our underlying results (see the definition of Adjusted EPS and our reconciliation with diluted EPS within Non-GAAP Financial Measures appearing later in this section). 
We seek to achieve profitable, long-term growth and manage our business to attain this goal using our key operating metrics: Organic Net Revenue, Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted EPS. We use these non-GAAP financial metrics and related computations, particularly growth in profit dollars, to evaluate and manage our business and to plan and make near-and long-term operating and strategic decisions. As such, we believe these metrics are useful to investors as they provide supplemental information in addition to our U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“U.S. GAAP”) financial results. We believe it is useful to provide investors with the same financial information that we use internally to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and evaluate our business. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures should always be considered in relation to our GAAP results. We have provided reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures in Non-GAAP Financial Measures, which appears later in this section. 
Long-Term Demographics and Consumer Trends – Snack food consumption is highly correlated to GDP growth, urbanization of populations and rising discretionary income levels associated with a growing middle class, particularly in emerging markets. Over the long term, we expect these trends to continue leading to growth in consumer behaviors such as more frequent, smaller meals, snacking and greater use of convenience foods. We also recognize changing consumer trends such as the increased emphasis on well-being, time compression and wide participation across an evolving retail and digital landscape. To position ourselves for long-term growth, we are investing in our well-being and other snack offerings, product and marketing innovation and new routes to market including e-commerce.
