SALESFORCE INC report:
Developed technology represents the fair value of MuleSoft's Anypoint technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with MuleSoft customers. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating MuleSoft's Anypoint technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
The Company assumed unvested options and restricted stock with a fair value of $ 824 million. Of the total consideration, $ 387 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 437 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
The amounts of revenue and pretax loss of MuleSoft included in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations from the acquisition date in May 2018 through January 31, 2019 are as follows (in millions):

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Commingled funds not traded on national exchanges are priced by the custodian or fund's administrator at their net asset value (NAV). Commingled funds held by third-party custodians appointed by the fund managers provide the fund managers with a NAV. The fund managers have the responsibility for providing this information to the custodian of the respective plan. 
The investment manager of the entity values venture capital, corporate finance and natural resource limited partnership investments. Real estate investments are valued at amounts based upon appraisal reports prepared by either independent real estate appraisers or the investment manager using discounted cash flows or market comparable data. Loans secured by mortgages are carried at the lesser of the unpaid balance or appraised value of the underlying properties. The values assigned to these investments are based upon available and current market information and do not necessarily represent amounts that might ultimately be realized. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, estimated fair values might differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the securities existed. These differences could be material. 
Forward currency contracts, futures, and options are valued by the trustee at the exchange rates and market prices prevailing on the last business day of the year. Both exchange rates and market prices are readily available from published sources. These securities are classified by the asset class of the underlying holdings.

BOEING CO report:
In 2011, we were awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force (USAF) to design, develop, manufacture and deliver four next generation aerial refueling tankers. This Engineering, Manufacturing and Development (EMD) contract is a fixed-price incentive fee contract and involves highly complex designs and systems integration. Since 2016, the USAF has authorized seven low rate initial production (LRIP) lots for a total of 94 aircraft. The EMD contract and authorized LRIP lots are valued at approximately $ 19 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
Our final incurred costs for each year are subject to audit and review for allowability by the U.S. government, which can result in payment demands related to costs they believe should be disallowed. We work with the U.S. government to assess the merits of claims and where appropriate reserve for amounts disputed. If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve disputed costs, we could be required to record an earnings charge and/or provide refunds to the U.S. government. 
During 2020, the Company recorded severance costs for approximately 26,000 employees expected to leave the Company through a combination of voluntary and involuntary terminations. The severance packages are consistent with the Company’s ongoing compensation and benefits plans. During the first quarter of 2021, we reduced the estimated number of employees expected to leave the Company through voluntary and involuntary terminations to approximately 23,000. During the second quarter of 2021, we further reduced the estimated number of employees expected to leave the company through voluntary and involuntary terminations to approximately 19,000. As of December 31, 2021, our severance liability primarily relates to remaining severance payments to terminated employees.
