ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
(1) Represents scheduled future maturities of our current and long-term debt principal obligations. For information regarding our consolidated debt obligations, see Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
(2) Es timated cash payments for interest are based on the principal amount of our consolidated debt obligations outstanding at December 31, 2018, the contractually scheduled maturities of such balances, and the applicable interest rates. Our estimated cash payments for interest are significantly influenced by the long-term maturities of our $2.67 billion in junior subordinated notes (due June 2067 through February 2078). Our estimated cash payments for interest assume that these subordinated notes are not repaid prior to their respective maturity dates. Our estimated cash payments for interest with respect to each junior subordinated note are based on either the current fixed interest rate charged or the weighted-average variable rate paid in 2018, as applicable, for each note applied to the remaining term through the respective maturity date. 
(3) Primarily represents land held pursuant to property leases, leases of underground salt dome caverns for the storage of natural gas and NGLs, the lease of transportation equipment used in our operations and office space with affiliates of EPCO.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• We evaluated the realizability of our assets and whether there are any impairment indicators. We reviewed our receivables, inventory, right-of-use lease assets, long-lived assets, equity method and other long-term investments, deferred tax assets, goodwill and intangible assets. 
• In connection with the ongoing pandemic, we identified a decline in demand for certain of our brands, primarily in the gum category, that prompted additional evaluation of our indefinite-life intangible assets during the second quarter of 2020 in addition to our annual testing in the third quarter of 2020. In connection with the testing, we concluded that eight brands were impaired and we recorded $144 million of impairment charges in 2020. While we did not identify impairment triggers for other brands, there continues to be significant uncertainty due to the pandemic. If brand earnings expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then a brand or brands could become impaired in the future. Refer to Note 6, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for additional details on our intangible asset impairment evaluation. 
While some of the initial impacts of the pandemic on our business moderated in the second half of 2020, the business and economic environment remains uncertain and additional impacts may arise that we cannot currently anticipate. Barring material business disruptions or other negative developments, we expect to continue to meet the demand of consumers for our snacks, food and beverage products. However, the elevated consumer demand we experienced primarily in some of our developed market countries in 2020 may not continue. We are unable to predict how long this sustained demand will last or how significant it will be. We expect the COVID-19 outbreak to result in lower revenues primarily in some of our emerging market countries that have a higher concentration of traditional trade outlets (such as small family-run stores), our gum and candy categories (which are more instant consumption in nature), as well as our world travel retail (such as international duty-free stores) and foodservice businesses. As we continue to proactively manage our business in response to the evolving impacts of the pandemic, we continue to communicate with and support our employees and customers; monitor and take steps to further safeguard our supply chain, operations, technology and assets; protect our liquidity and financial position; work toward our strategic priorities and monitor our financial performance as we seek to position the Company to withstand the current uncertainty related to this pandemic.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. The Company has deposits held with banks that exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions of reputable credit and, therefore, bear minimal credit risk. Additionally, the Company has cash and cash equivalents held by its foreign subsidiaries. Under the TCJA, the Company was subjected to U.S. taxes for the deemed repatriation of certain cash balances held by foreign corporations. The Company continues to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the U.S., and current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our U.S. operations. 
There is a risk that the counterparties associated with the Company’s revolving credit facility will not be available to fund as obligated under the terms of the facility and that the Company may, at the time of such unavailability to fund, have limited or no access to the commercial paper market. If funding under the revolving credit facility is unavailable, the Company may have to acquire a replacement credit facility from different counterparties at a higher cost or may be unable to find a suitable replacement. Typically, the Company seeks to manage such risks from its revolving credit facility by contracting with experienced large financial institutions and monitoring the credit quality of its lenders. As of December 31, 2018 , the Company did not anticipate nonperformance by any of its counterparties. 
The Company is exposed to the risk that the counterparties to outstanding derivative financial instruments will default on their obligations. The Company manages these credit risks through the evaluation and monitoring of the creditworthiness of, and concentration of risk with, the respective counterparties. In this regard, credit risk associated with outstanding derivative financial instruments is spread across a relatively broad counterparty base of banks and financial institutions. In connection with the Company's hedge of certain investments classified as available-for-sale securities, the Company has pledged shares as collateral to the derivative counterparty. (See Note 5.) The Company also has a limited number of arrangements where collateral is required to be posted in the instance that certain fair value thresholds are exceeded. As of December 31, 2018 , no  collateral has been posted by either party under these arrangements. As of December 31, 2018 , our exposure to counterparty credit risk included derivative assets with an aggregate fair value of $107 million . (See Note 10.)
