ALLSTATE CORP report:
Operating costs and expenses increased 4.4% or $37 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to investments in technology and geographic and product expansion at Allstate Protection Plans and investments in technology at Allstate Identity Protection, partially offset by lower expenses at Arity. 
Restructuring and related charges decreased $12 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a facility closure at Allstate Identity Protection and accelerated lease costs at Allstate Protection Plans in 2021. 
Underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of claims and claims expense reserves. For a description of our reserve process, see Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements. Further, for a description of our reserving policies and the potential variability in our reserve estimates, see the Application of Critical Accounting Estimates section of the MD&A. These reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including IBNR claims, as of the reporting date.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. As a result, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the amount or 
range of possible losses in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of non-monetary remedies, with respect to the contingencies it faces, and the Company’s estimates may not prove to be accurate. 
In management’s opinion, resolution of all current matters is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute or other contingency, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could materially affect the Company’s current or future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In June 2015, we completed our acquisition of AOL Inc. (AOL), a leader in digital content and advertising. AOL’s business model aligns with our approach, and we believe that its combination of owned and operated content properties plus a digital advertising platform enhances our ability to further develop future revenue streams. 
In June 2017, we completed our acquisition of the operating business of Yahoo! Inc. (Yahoo), a leader in search, communications, digital content and advertising. Additional discussion of the transaction is included in the 2018  Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report. 
We have established relationships with leading sports leagues to bring compelling content to our customers across our digital platforms. In December 2017, we entered into a multi-year partnership with the National Football League (NFL) in which Verizon’s portfolio of premium digital and mobile media properties, such as Yahoo Sports, stream in-market and national games, including national pre-season, regular season and playoff games, and the Super Bowl, to mobile phones. In January 2018, we entered into an innovative, multi-year partnership with the National Basketball Association (NBA) that will deliver one of the most comprehensive video streaming offerings of NBA content - from live out-of-market games via NBA League Pass to highlights, fantasy basketball, original programming and more via Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Fantasy and across Verizon’s family of media brands. As part of the partnership, the NBA and Verizon will unveil a series of innovative collaborations leveraging Verizon's leading network and technology to deliver premium NBA content and unique fan experiences. Verizon also has rights to deliver leading soccer games, including La Liga and Liga MX, to its customers.
