ALLSTATE CORP report:
Generally, the initial reserves for a new accident year are established based on actual claim frequency and severity assumptions for different business segments, lines and coverages based on historical relationships to relevant inflation indicators. Reserves for prior accident years are statistically determined using processes described above. Changes in auto claim frequency may result from changes in mix of business, the rate of distracted driving, miles driven or other macroeconomic factors. Changes in auto current year claim severity are generally influenced by inflation in the medical and auto repair sectors of the economy and the effectiveness and efficiency of our claim practices. We mitigate these effects through various loss management programs. Injury claims are affected largely by medical cost inflation while physical damage claims are affected largely by auto repair cost inflation and used car prices. For auto physical damage coverages, we monitor our rate of increase in average cost per claim against the auto maintenance, repair, parts and equipment price indices. We believe our claim settlement initiatives, such as improvements to the claim review and settlement process, the use of special investigative units to detect fraud and handle suspect claims, litigation management and defense 
Changes in homeowners current year claim severity are generally influenced by inflation in the cost of building materials, the cost of construction and property repair services, the cost of replacing home furnishings and other contents, the types of claims that qualify for coverage, deductibles, other economic and environmental factors and the effectiveness and efficiency of our claim practices. We employ various loss management programs to mitigate the effect of these factors. 
As loss experience for the current year develops for each type of loss, it is monitored relative to initial assumptions until it is judged to have sufficient statistical credibility. From that point in time and forward, reserves are reestimated using statistical actuarial processes to reflect the impact actual loss trends have on development factors incorporated into the actuarial estimation processes. Statistical credibility is usually achieved by the end of the first calendar year; however, when trends for the current accident year exceed initial assumptions sooner, they are usually determined to be credible, and reserves are increased accordingly.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect. 
Our Employee Opinion Survey is a vehicle for employees to provide confidential feedback on their experience as Salesforce employees. The results are used to assess employee engagement, our company culture and our workplace environment. Based on the results of the most recent survey, 95% of responding employees indicated they were willing to give extra effort to get the job done and over 90% of responding employees indicated that they would recommend Salesforce as a great place to work. 
In an effort to protect the safety and well-being of our employees, during the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we closed our offices around the world during the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and have worked to address the unique challenges and needs of our employees. Refer to our “Environmental, Social and Governance” Section in Item 7 of Part II. for additional information on the actions we have taken to support our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
As the digital platform reshapes the delivery of media and entertainment content, there is an increasing need for stable, high-quality video delivery platforms. Our Media Platform offers a scalable platform for delivering content, including live broadcasts, video on demand, games, software and websites to our customers on their devices at any time. This platform is targeted at media and entertainment companies and other businesses that deliver their digital products and services through the Internet. 
We are evolving the architecture of our networks to a next-generation multi-use platform, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support both our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We call this the Intelligent Edge Network. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, improve our fourth-generation ( 4G ) Long-Term Evolution ( LTE ) wireless coverage, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market. 
Over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. We believe 5G technology will be able to provide users with eight capabilities, or currencies. The eight currencies are peak data rates, mobile data volumes, mobility, number of connected devices, energy efficiency of connected devices, service deployment, reduced latency and improved reliability. We expect that 5G technology will provide higher throughput and lower latency than the current 4G LTE technology and enable our networks to handle more traffic as the number of Internet-connected devices grows. During 2018, we commercially launched 5G Home on proprietary standards in four U.S. markets and on global standards in a fifth U.S. market in 2019. We also launched our 5G Ultra Wideband Network in 31 U.S. markets in 2019, as well as several 5G-compatible smartphones.
