SALESFORCE INC report:
Integrated Philanthropy: We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. Together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, to date we have given approximately $330 million to charitable organizations, logged more than 4.9 million employee volunteer hours around the world and provided more than 46,000 nonprofit and higher education organizations with the use of our service offerings for free or at a discount. 
Data Security: Customers entrust us with their most sensitive data, and they expect us to protect it using security risk management practices and advanced systems that respond to the changing security landscape and emerging threats. We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in our cybersecurity programs. We provide an overview of our program, training, best practices for our customers, and information on system status, security issues, and compliance certificates on our website at www.trust.salesforce.com. In addition, we believe that improvements in data security are critical to realizing the potential of technology and greater connectivity to improve lives around the world and that effective cybersecurity requires an ecosystem-wide approach. This is why we work with partners and stakeholders across the globe to support legislation and initiatives such as the Cybersecurity Tech Accord that would help modernize how we approach cybersecurity as an industry. 
Data Privacy: Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with their own customers. The privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect is a top priority. Our customer agreements (templates of which are publicly available on our website) and our privacy policies (also publicly available on our website) describe how we safeguard data with an effective privacy and security program. We also offer resources to help our customers operate globally in compliance with privacy laws such as GDPR and CCPA.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Interest Rate Swap Agreements —We may use interest rate swaps as hedging instruments and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. Additionally, the carrying amount of the associated debt is adjusted through earnings for changes in the fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates. 
   December 31, (US$ in millions) 2020 2019 Convertible perpetual preference shares $ 690   $ 690 Common shares 1   1 Additional paid-in capital 5,408   5,329 Retained earnings 7,236   6,437 Accumulated other comprehensive income (6,246) (5,624) 
Total Bunge shareholders' equity was $6,069 million at December 31, 2020 compared to $5,913 million at December 31, 2019. The increase in Bunge shareholders' equity during the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to $1,145 million of Net income attributable to Bunge, offset by $622 million of Other comprehensive loss, primarily currency translation adjustment, $282 million and $34 million of declared dividends to common and preferred shareholders, respectively, and $100 million of common share repurchases.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Bandwidth (speed) and network reliability.   Consumers and small business customers seek fast and reliable connections for entertainment, communications and productivity. As Internet use increases, so do bandwidth requirements, both downstream and upstream. We and other network-based providers must ensure that our networks can meet these increasing bandwidth requirements. In addition, network reliability and security are increasingly important competitive factors for our Enterprise Solutions and Business Markets customers, which include state and local government and education (SLED) customers and small and medium business (SMB) customers. We continue to invest in our network to be able to meet growing bandwidth demand and provide reliable and secure networks. 
Pricing. Cable operators, telecommunications companies and integrated service providers use pricing to capture market share from incumbents. Pricing is also a significant factor as non-traditional modes of providing communication services emerge and new entrants compete for customers. For example, VoIP and portal-based voice and video calling is free or nearly free to customers and is often supported by advertising revenues. 
Customer service.  Customers expect industry-leading service from their service providers. As technologies and services evolve, the ability to excel in this area is important for customer acquisition and retention. For our Consumer Markets and Business Markets customers, we compete in this area through our service representatives and online support. We provide our Enterprise Solutions customers with ready access to their system and performance information and we conduct proactive testing of our network to identify issues before they affect their customers. In our Partner Solutions business, service improvement is achieved through continued system automation initiatives.
