ALLSTATE CORP report:
Municipal: Comprise municipal bonds that are not rated by third-party credit rating agencies. The primary inputs to the valuation of these municipal bonds include quoted prices for identical or similar assets that are not market observable, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields and credit spreads. Also included are municipal bonds valued based on non-binding broker quotes where the inputs have not been corroborated to be market observable and municipal bonds in default valued based on the present value of expected cash flows. 
Corporate - public and privately placed and ABS: Primarily valued based on non-binding broker quotes where the inputs have not been corroborated to be market observable. Other inputs for corporate fixed income securities include an interest rate yield curve, as well as published credit spreads for similar assets that incorporate the credit quality and industry sector of the issuer. 
• Other investments:   Certain OTC derivatives, such as interest rate caps, certain credit default swaps and certain options (including swaptions), are valued using models that are widely accepted in the financial services industry. These are categorized as Level 3 as a result of the significance of non-market observable inputs such as volatility. Other primary inputs include interest rate yield curves and credit spreads and quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that exhibit less liquidity relative to those markets supporting Level 2 fair value measurements.

BOEING CO report:
• We tested the effectiveness of internal controls, including those over the review of significant judgments made and assumptions used to develop key estimates, key data used in developing the estimates and the mathematical extrapolation of such data. 
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013 ) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, and our report dated January 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. Changes in the net price per user per month have not been a significant driver of revenue growth for the periods presented. The increase  in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to the higher demand for services from an increased number of customers. 
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately 96 percent  during fiscal year 2019 and 2018 . 
Revenues in Europe and Asia Pacific accounted for $3.8 billion , or 29 percent  of total revenues, for fiscal 2019 , compared to $2.9 billion , or 28 percent  of total revenues, during the same period a year ago, an increase of $0.9 billion , or 31 percent . The increase in revenues outside of the Americas was the result of the increasing acceptance of our services, our focus on marketing our services internationally and investment in additional international resources. Revenues outside of the Americas increased on a total dollar basis by $39 million  in fiscal 2019  compared to fiscal 2018  due to foreign currency fluctuations primarily as a result of the strengthening British Pound Sterling.
