UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
It is common for our contracts to contain customer incentives, guaranteed service refunds or other provisions that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. These variable amounts are generally dependent upon achievement of certain incentive tiers or performance metrics. We estimate variable consideration at the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled. We include estimated amounts of revenue, which may be reduced by incentives or other contract provisions, in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based on an assessment of anticipated customer spending and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. 
Contracts are often modified to account for changes in the rates we charge our customers or to add additional distinct services. We consider contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new, or changes the existing, enforceable rights and obligations. Contract modifications that add additional distinct goods or services are treated as separate contracts. Contract modifications that do not add distinct goods or services typically change the price of existing services. These contract modifications are accounted for prospectively as the remaining performance obligations are distinct. 
Under the typical payment terms of our customer contracts, the customer pays at periodic intervals (i.e. every 14 days, 30 days, 45 days, etc.) for shipments included on invoices received. Invoices are generated each week on the week-ending day, which is Saturday for the majority of our U.S. Domestic Package business, but could be another day depending on the business unit or the specific agreement with the customer. It is not customary business practice to extend payment terms past 90 days, and as such, we do not have a practice of including a significant financing component within our contracts with customers.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates its self-insurance liabilities by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated self-insurance liabilities as of August 29, 2021 were $1,257 million, a portion of which related to workers’ compensation self-insurance liabilities for the United States operations. 
We identified the evaluation of the Company’s workers’ compensation self-insurance liabilities for the United States operations as a critical audit matter because of the extent of specialized skill and knowledge needed to evaluate the underlying assumptions and judgments made by the Company in the actuarial models. Specifically, subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the Company's selected loss rates and initial expected losses used in the actuarial models.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2021, operating earnings for the Diagnostics segment increased 68.0 percent. The operating margin profile increased from 24.8 percent of sales in 2019 to 40.0 percent in 2021 primarily due to higher sales in Rapid Diagnostics in 2020 and 2021 and increased routine diagnostics testing in 2021 in Core Laboratory Diagnostics.
In Abbott’s worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by numerous new product introductions, including the roll-outs of human milk oligosaccharide, or HMO, in infant formula, that leveraged Abbott’s strong brands. Sales over the last two years were also positively impacted by consumers’ interest in nutrients that help support their immune systems. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total adult nutrition sales increased 12.8 percent in 2021 and 10.3 percent in 2020, led by the continued growth of Ensure ® , Abbott’s market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna ® , Abbott’s market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand, across several countries. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total pediatric nutrition sales increased 3.3 percent in 2021 and 0.3 percent in 2020 driven by the Pedialyte ® , PediaSure ® and Similac ® brands in the U.S. as well as infant and toddler product growth across several international markets, partially offset by challenging market dynamics in the infant category in Greater China. Operating margins for the worldwide nutritional products business decreased from 23.0 percent in 2019 to 21.3 percent in 2021. The decrease was driven by higher manufacturing and distribution costs, including commodity prices, partially offset by the impact of gross margin improvement initiatives.
The Established Pharmaceutical Products segment focuses on the sale of its products in emerging markets. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, Established Pharmaceutical sales increased 10.4 percent in 2021 and 1.9 percent in 2020. The sales increases in 2021 and 2020 reflect higher sales in several geographies including India, China, Brazil and Russia. Operating margins decreased from 20.1 percent of sales in 2019 to 18.8 percent in 2021 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, higher product costs and product mix, partially offset by the impact of gross margin improvement initiatives.
