WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
No goodwill impairment expense was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2018 . Goodwill impairment expense of $ 1.3 billion  was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2017 . (See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
Depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization increased   $1.1 billion , primarily due to the impact of the Transactions. On a pro forma combined basis, depreciation and amortization expense decreased $249 million , primarily due to pro forma amortization in 2017 related to the ad revenue backlog intangible, which had a one-year useful life and was fully amortized on a pro forma basis in 2017.   
Restructuring and other charges increased  $ 675 million , primarily as a result of content impairments associated with changes in programming strategies, involuntary severance actions associated with the integration of Scripps Networks, costs associated with the termination of long-term programming arrangements, and lease exit costs. (See Note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) On a pro forma combined basis, restructuring and other charges increased  $ 685 million . We expect to incur additional restructuring and integration expenses related to employee and contract terminations, relocation from the Company's Silver Spring headquarters to New York City, and content costs.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Certain of our facilities are also subject to OSHA Process Safety Management (“PSM”) regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. These regulations apply to any process involving certain chemicals, flammable gases or liquids at or above a specified threshold (as defined in the regulations). In addition, we are subject to Risk Management Plan regulations of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) at certain facilities. These regulations are intended to complement the OSHA PSM regulations. These EPA regulations require us to develop and implement a risk 
management program that includes a five-year accident history report, an offsite consequence analysis process, a prevention program and an emergency response program. We believe we are operating in material compliance with the OSHA PSM regulations and the EPA’s Risk Management Plan requirements. 
The OSHA hazard communication standard, the community right-to-know regulations under Title III of the federal Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act, and comparable state statutes require us to organize and disclose information about the hazardous materials used in our operations. Certain parts of this information must be reported to federal, state and local governmental authorities and local citizens upon request. These laws and provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) require us to report spills and releases of hazardous chemicals in certain situations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
( 28 ) ( 1 ) 2   Currency impact ( 4 ) 6   6   Other comprehensive earnings/(losses) 52   ( 45 ) ( 54 ) Balance at end of period ( 161 ) ( 213 ) ( 168 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to Mondelēz International: Balance at beginning of period $ ( 10,254 ) $ ( 10,644 ) $ ( 10,013 ) Total other comprehensive earnings/(losses) ( 423 ) 388   ( 633 ) Less: other comprehensive (earnings)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ( 13 ) 2   2   Other comprehensive earnings/(losses) attributable to Mondelēz International ( 436 ) 390   ( 631 ) Balance at end of period $ ( 10,690 ) $ ( 10,254 ) $ ( 10,644 ) 
On August 6, 2019, Switzerland published changes to its Federal tax law in the Official Federal Collection of Laws. On September 27, 2019, the Zurich Canton published their decision on the September 1, 2019 Zurich Canton public vote regarding the Cantonal changes associated with the Swiss Federal tax law change. The intent of these tax law changes was to replace certain preferential tax regimes with a new set of internationally accepted measures that are hereafter referred to as "Swiss tax reform". Based on these Federal/Cantonal events, it is our position that enactment of Swiss tax reform for U.S. GAAP purposes was met as of September 30, 2019, and we recorded the impacts in the third quarter of 2019. The net impact was a benefit of $ 767 million, which consisted of a $ 769 million reduction in deferred tax expense from an allowed step-up of intangible assets for tax purposes (recorded net of valuation allowance) and remeasurement of our deferred tax balances, partially offset by a $ 2 million indirect tax impact in selling, general and administrative expenses. The ongoing impacts of these Swiss tax reform law changes became effective January 1, 2020. We continue to monitor interpretative guidance on Swiss tax reform that could result in changes to the amounts we have recorded. 
On December 22, 2017, U.S. tax reform legislation ("U.S. tax reform") was enacted that included a broad range of complex provisions impacting the taxation of businesses. We finalized our accounting for the new provisions during the fourth quarter of 2018. U.S. tax reform resulted in a total transition tax liability of $ 1.3 billion based on the deemed repatriation of our accumulated foreign earnings and profits, which will be paid in installments through 2026.
