WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in millions).  
The Company’s loss carry-forwards were reported on the consolidated balance sheets as follows (in millions).  
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits (without related interest and penalty amounts) is as follows (in millions).

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
During 2018, we realized higher net pricing, which was partially offset by increased input costs. Higher net pricing, which included the carryover impact of pricing actions taken in 2017 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2018, was reflected across all regions except Europe. The increase in input costs was driven by higher raw material costs, mostly offset by lower manufacturing costs due to productivity efforts. Higher raw material costs were primarily due to higher currency exchange transaction costs on imported materials, as well as higher packaging, dairy and energy, partially offset primarily by lower cocoa costs. Favorable volume/mix was driven by Europe and AMEA, which was partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in North America and Latin America. 
Total selling, general and administrative expenses increased $537 million from 2017, due to a number of factors noted in the table above, including in part, the impact from pension participation changes, lapping of prior-year benefits from the resolution of tax matters, lapping of a prior-year property insurance recovery, acquisition-related costs, remeasurement of net monetary position in Argentina, the impact of an acquisition and higher CEO transition remuneration. The increases were partially offset by favorable currency impact, lower implementation costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, lower divestiture-related costs, the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs, a value-added tax (“VAT”) related settlement in 2018, the impact of divestitures and the net benefit from the resolution of tax matters in 2018. Excluding these factors, selling, general and administrative expenses increased $83 million from 2017. The increase was driven by the year-over year net unfavorable change in miscellaneous other income and expense items within selling, general and administrative expenses and higher overhead costs, which more than offset lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. 
We recorded a benefit of $21 million from a VAT-related settlement in Latin America in 2018. We recorded a benefit of $27 million from an insurance recovery in AMEA in 2017. Unfavorable currency changes decreased operating income by $55 million due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, including the Brazilian real, Argentinean peso, Russian ruble and Turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro and British pound sterling.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our current loading capacity for LPG is approximately 545 MBPD. In September 2018, we announced a project to increase LPG loading capacity at EHT by 175 MBPD, or approximately 5 MMBbls per month. The expansion will bring our total LPG export capacity at EHT to 720 MBPD, or approximately 21 MMBbls per month. Upon completion of this expansion project, EHT will have the capability to load up to six Very Large Gas Carrier (“VLGC”) vessels simultaneously, while maintaining the option to switch between loading propane and butane. Once operational, the expansion will allow EHT to load a single VLGC in less than 24 hours, creating greater efficiencies and cost savings for our customers. The incremental loading capacity is expected to be available in the third quarter of 2019. 
The primary customer of EHT is our NGL marketing group, which uses EHT to meet the needs of export customers. NGL marketing transacts with these customers using long-term sales contracts with take-or-pay provisions and/or exchange agreements. In recent years, the U.S. has become the largest exporter of LPG in the world, with shipments originating from EHT playing a key role. 
Of the LPG cargoes we loaded for export at EHT during the year ended December 31, 2018, the destination markets were as follows: 55% to Asia; 18% to North America and the Caribbean; 13% to Central and South America; 12% to Europe and Africa; and 2% to other destinations, including Australia and the Middle East. Based on available information, our LPG sales to export customers represented the following percentage of each destination market’s approximate total supply: 51% for North America and the Caribbean; 43% for Asia; 34% for Central and South America; 21% for Europe and Africa; and 10% for other destinations, including Australia and the Middle East.
