BOEING CO report:
The introduction of new aircraft programs involves increased risk associated with meeting development, certification and production schedules. The Company uses program accounting in order to compute cost of sales and margin for each commercial airplane sold. The use of program accounting requires estimating and demonstrating customer demand for the number of units included in the program (program accounting quantity) and estimating the sales and costs over the expected life of each program. In particular, estimating the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units within the program accounting quantity involves measurement uncertainty resulting in a range of possible outcomes. Additionally, the level of effort to meet regulatory requirements and achieve certification may be challenging to predict, resulting in delays in the timing of entry into service and corresponding increases in estimated costs. Changes to the program accounting quantity or revenue and cost estimates could occur, resulting in lower margins or material reach-forward losses. Auditing the estimated revenues and costs for the 777X program involved extensive audit effort and required professionals with specialized industry experience given the high degree of complexity and subjectivity related to management’s estimates. 
• We inquired of the Company’s management, including individuals responsible for sales and pricing, to evaluate the status of current sales campaigns, short and long-term market demand, and status of negotiations with individual sold firm customers. 
• We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions used in developing its estimates related to the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In certain cases, we are able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, we use a range of SSP. We determine the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography. 
Costs Capitalized to Obtain Revenue Contracts. Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years, which, although longer than the typical initial contract period, reflects the average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. Significant judgment is required in arriving at this average period of benefit. Therefore, we evaluate both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the estimated life cycles of our offerings and our customer attrition. 
Business Combinations. Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pre-acquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Unified Communications & Collaboration (UC&C).  Our UC&C services, an expansion of our VoIP services, provide our business customers with unified tools for communications and collaboration, such as instant messaging and presence, and audio, video and web conferencing. 
Customer Experience/Contact Center. We offer our business customers the ability to deliver integrated support services to their own customers, employees or constituents. Hosted and on-premise versions are available, which include the ability to support remote agents and integration with our business customer’s back office systems and tools. 
Security services.  We offer a suite of management and data security services to help our enterprise, business and government customers protect, detect and respond to security threats to their networks, data, applications and infrastructure.
