WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Unrealized gains (losses) ( 10 ) 2   ( 8 ) ( 13 ) 3   ( 10 ) 3   —   3   Other comprehensive income (loss) adjustments $ 94   $ 77   $ 171   $ ( 22 ) $ 15   $ ( 7 ) $ ( 165 ) $ ( 9 ) $ ( 174 ) 
Derivative Adjustments Pension Plan and SERP Liability Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) December 31, 2017 $ ( 615 ) $ 26   $ 4   $ —   $ ( 585 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
4   —   ( 14 ) —   ( 10 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ( 189 ) —   12   3   ( 174 ) Reclassifications to retained earnings resulting from the adoption of ASU 2016-01 —   ( 26 ) —   —   ( 26 ) December 31, 2018 ( 804 ) —   16   3   ( 785 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ( 20 ) —   29   ( 10 ) ( 1 ) Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The Partnership’s counterparties consist of a diverse portfolio of customers across the energy industry, including petrochemical companies, commercial and industrial end-users, oil and gas producers, municipalities, gas and electric utilities, midstream companies, and independent power generators. Our overall exposure may be affected positively or negatively by macroeconomic or regulatory changes that impact our counterparties to one extent or another. Currently, management does not anticipate a material adverse effect in our financial position or results of operations as a consequence of counterparty non-performance. 
Our natural gas transportation and midstream revenues are derived significantly from companies that engage in exploration and production activities. The discovery and development of new shale formations across the United States has created an abundance of natural gas and crude oil resulting in a negative impact on prices in recent years for natural gas and crude oil. As a result, some of our exploration and production customers have been adversely impacted; however, we are monitoring these customers and mitigating credit risk as necessary. 
Regulation of Interstate Natural Gas Pipelines.   The FERC has broad regulatory authority over the business and operations of interstate natural gas pipelines. Under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (“NGA”), the FERC generally regulates the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce. For FERC regulatory purposes, “transportation” includes natural gas pipeline transmission (forwardhauls and backhauls), storage and other services. The Florida Gas Transmission, Transwestern, Panhandle Eastern, Trunkline Gas, Tiger, Fayetteville Express, Rover, Sea Robin, Gulf States and Midcontinent Express pipelines transport natural gas in interstate commerce and thus each qualifies as a “natural-gas company” under the NGA subject to the FERC’s regulatory jurisdiction. We also hold certain natural gas storage facilities that are subject to the FERC’s regulatory oversight under the NGA.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(2) Divestitures include completed sales of businesses (including the partial or full sale of an equity method investment) and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. As we record our share of KDP and JDE Peet’s ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis, any KDP or JDE Peet’s ownership reductions are reflected as divestitures within our non-GAAP results the following quarter. See Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , and Note 7, Equity Method Investments, for information on acquisitions and divestitures impacting the comparability of our results. 
(3) Constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. 
(4) Non-GAAP adjustments related to the Simplify to Grow Program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. Costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-GAAP adjustments.
