WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As of October 1, 2019, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units consistent with the Company's accounting policy. The estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, no impairment was recorded. The Europe reporting unit, which had headroom of 19 %, was the only reporting unit with fair value in excess of carrying value of less than 20 %. The fair values of the reporting units were determined using DCF and market-based valuation models. Cash flows were determined based on Company estimates of future operating results and discounted using an internal rate of return based on an assessment of the risk inherent in future cash flows of the respective reporting unit. The market-based valuation models utilized multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Both the DCF and market-based models resulted in substantially similar fair values. 
As of November 30, 2018, the Company performed its annual qualitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of those reporting units exceeded their carrying values, except for its Asia-Pacific reporting unit. Based on the results of the qualitative assessment, the Company performed a quantitative step 1 impairment test (comparison of fair value to carrying value) for its Asia-Pacific reporting unit, which indicated that the estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value by approximately 10% and, therefore, no impairment was recorded. 
( 444 ) ( 125 ) Debt, net of unamortized discount, premium and debt issuance costs 15,404   15,419   Current portion of debt ( 335 ) ( 609 ) Noncurrent portion of debt $ 15,069   $ 14,810   (a) Current portion of unamortized discount, premium, and debt issuance costs, net is less than $ 1 million.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• a $ 394.7 million year-to-year increase in cash contributions from noncontrolling interests. In July 2019, Altus acquired a 33% equity interest in our consolidated subsidiary that owns Shin Oak for $440.7 million. In June 2019, an affiliate of American Midstream, LP acquired a 25% equity interest in our consolidated subsidiary that owns the Pascagoula natural gas processing facility for $36.0 million in cash. In June 2018, WES acquired a 20% equity interest in our consolidated subsidiary that owns a majority of the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline for $189.6 million in cash. In addition, cash contributions from noncontrolling interests in connection with the construction of our ethylene export facility increased $ 43.5 million year-to-year.
Our partnership agreement requires us to make quarterly distributions to our unitholders of all available cash, after any cash reserves established by Enterprise GP in its sole discretion. Cash reserves include those for the proper conduct of our business, including those for capital investments, debt service, working capital, operating expenses, common unit repurchases, commitments and contingencies and other amounts. The retention of cash by the partnership allows us to reinvest in our growth and reduce our future reliance on the equity and debt capital markets. 
In January 2020, the Board declared a cash distribution of $0.4450 per common unit with respect to the fourth quarter of 2019. In addition, our management announced plans to recommend to the Board additional quarterly cash distribution increases of $0.0025 per unit with respect to each of the four quarters of 2020. For additional information regarding our expected distribution growth rate, see “Significant Recent Developments” within this Item 7.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In July 2020, an employee filed an action under PAGA on behalf of all California non-exempt employees alleging violations of California Labor Code provisions regarding meal and rest periods, minimum wage, overtime, wage statements, reimbursement of expenses, and payment of wages at termination. Schwab v. Costco Wholesale Corporation (Case No. 37-2020-00023551-CU-OE-CTL; San Diego County Superior Court). In August 2020, the Company filed a motion to strike portions of the complaint, which was denied, and an answer has been filed denying the material allegations of the complaint. 
In December 2020, a former employee filed suit against the Company asserting collective and class claims on behalf of non-exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act and New York Labor Law for failure to pay for all hours worked on a weekly basis and failure to provide proper wage statements and notices. The plaintiff also asserts individual retaliation claims. Cappadora v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 1:20-cv-06067; E.D.N.Y.). An amended complaint was filed, and the Company has denied the material allegations of the amended complaint. In August 2021, a former employee filed a similar suit, asserting collective and class claims on behalf of non-exempt employees under the FLSA and New York law. Umadat v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:21-cv-4814; E.D.N.Y.). The Company has not yet responded to the complaint. 
In February 2021, a former employee filed a class action against the Company alleging violations of California Labor Code regarding payment of wages, meal and rest periods, wage statements, reimbursement of expenses, payment of final wages to terminated employees, and for unfair business practices. Edwards v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 5:21-cv-00716: C.D. Cal.). In May 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which was granted with leave to amend. In June 2021, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint, which the Company moved to dismiss later that month. The court granted the motion in part in July 2021 with leave to amend. In August 2021, the plaintiff filed a second amended complaint and filed a separate representative action under PAGA asserting the same Labor Code claims and seeking civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The Company has filed an answer to the second amended class action complaint denying the material allegations.
