UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
• If any of the multiemployer pension plans in which we participate enter critical status, and our contributions are not sufficient to satisfy any rehabilitation plan funding schedule, we could be required under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 to make additional surcharge contributions to the multiemployer pension plan in the amount of five to ten percent of the existing contributions required by our labor agreement. Such surcharges would cease upon the ratification of a new collective bargaining agreement, and could not recur unless a plan re-entered critical status at a later date. 
The discussion that follows sets forth the financial impact on our results of operations and cash flows for 2020, 2019 and 2018, from our participation in multiemployer benefit plans. As part of the overall collective bargaining process for wage and benefit levels, we have agreed to contribute certain amounts to the multiemployer benefit plans during the contract period. The multiemployer benefit plans set benefit levels and are responsible for benefit delivery to participants. Future contribution amounts to multiemployer benefit plans are determined only through collective bargaining, and we have no additional legal or constructive obligation to increase contributions beyond the agreed-upon amounts (except potential surcharges under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 described above). 
The number of employees covered by our multiemployer pension plans has increased with the growth in our business. There have been no other significant changes that affect the comparability of 2020, 2019 and 2018 contributions. We recognize expense for the contractually-required contribution for each period, and we recognize a liability for any contributions due and unpaid at the end of a reporting period.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The discount rates used to measure liabilities were determined based on high-quality fixed income securities that match the duration of the expected retiree benefits. The health care cost trend rates represent Abbott’s expected annual rates of change in the cost of health care benefits and are forward projections of health care costs as of the measurement date.
Equities that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per week or month, with a required 2 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2021 and 2020. Fixed income securities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly, with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.
Absolute return funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2021 and 2020. Investments in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 90 days . For approximately $ 290 million and $ 150 million of the absolute return funds, redemptions are subject to a 33 percent gate and a 25 percent gate, respectively, and $ 50 million is subject to a lock until 2022. Investments in the private funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2022 to 2031. Abbott’s unfunded commitment in these funds was $ 585 million and $ 523 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2021, our portfolio consisted of investments in over 280 companies, with capital investments ranging from less than $0.3 million to approximately $335 million, and 40 investments with carrying values individually equal to or in excess of approximately $10 million. As of January 31, 2021, we held one publicly traded investment with a carrying value that was approximately 35 percent of our total strategic investments, one publicly traded investment with a carrying value that was greater than 15 percent of our total strategic investments, and one privately held investment with a carrying value greater than five percent of our strategic investment portfolio. 
The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment portfolio as of January 31, 2021 and excludes exited investments (in millions): 
We anticipate additional volatility to our consolidated statements of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments to our investments. These changes could be material based on market conditions and events. While historically our investment portfolio has had a positive impact on our financial results, that may not be true for future periods, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations that affect our equity securities within our strategic investments portfolio. Volatility in the global market conditions, including recent and ongoing volatility related to the impacts of COVID-19 and related public health measures, may impact our investment portfolio and our financial results may fluctuate from historical results and expectations.
