ALLSTATE CORP report:
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The hierarchy for inputs used in determining fair value maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Assets and liabilities recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at fair value are categorized in the fair value hierarchy based on the observability of inputs to the valuation techniques as follows: 
Level 3: Assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s estimates of the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the assets and liabilities. 
The availability of observable inputs varies by instrument. In situations where fair value is based on internally developed pricing models or inputs that are unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. The degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is typically greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. In many instances, valuation inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The category level in the fair value hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including during periods of market disruption. In periods of market disruption, the ability to observe prices and inputs may be reduced for many instruments.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from selling annual and multi-year subscriptions in multiple currencies, customer accounts receivable, intercompany transfer pricing arrangements and other intercompany transactions. Our foreign currency management objective is to minimize the effect of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on selected assets or liabilities without exposing us to additional risk associated with transactions that could be regarded as speculative. 
We pursue our objective by utilizing foreign currency forward contracts to offset foreign exchange risk. Our foreign currency forward contracts are generally short-term in duration. We neither use these foreign currency forward contracts for trading purposes nor do we currently designate these forward contracts as hedging instruments pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 815 (“ASC 815”), Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, we record the fair values of these contracts as of the end of our reporting period to our consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair values recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. Given the short duration of the forward contracts, the amount recorded is not significant. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or loss on our foreign currency forward contracts and other factors. 
Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, revenues, operating expenses and cash flows that we report for our foreign subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into USD. Although the USD fluctuated against certain international currencies over the past several months, the amounts of revenue and remaining performance obligation that we reported in USD for foreign subsidiaries that transact in international currencies were similar to what we would have reported during the fiscal year using a constant currency rate.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Product differentiation. Customer and revenue growth are increasingly dependent on the development of new and enhanced products and services, as the delivery of new and innovative products and services has been accelerating. Customers are shifting their focus from access to applications and are seeking ways to leverage their broadband, video and wireless connections. To compete effectively, providers need to continuously review, improve and refine their product portfolio and develop and rapidly deploy new products and services tailored to the needs of customers. We continue to pursue the development and rapid deployment of new and innovative products and services, both independently and in collaboration with application providers, content providers and device manufacturers. Features such as wireless and wireline inter-operability are becoming increasingly important, driven by both customer demand and technological advancement. 
Sales and distribution. A key to achieving sales success in the consumer and small and medium business sectors of the wireless industry is the reach and quality of sales channels and distribution points. We seek to optimally vary distribution channels among our company-operated stores selling wireless products and services, outside sales teams and telemarketing, web-based sales and fulfillment capabilities, our extensive indirect distribution network of retail outlets and our sale of wireless service to resellers, which resell wireless services to their end-users. 
In addition to these competitive factors and trends, companies with a global presence are increasingly competing with us in our Business segment. A relatively small number of telecommunications and integrated service providers with global operations serve customers in the global enterprise market and, to a lesser extent, the global wholesale market. We compete with these providers for large contracts to provide integrated solutions to global enterprises. Many of these companies have strong market presence, brand recognition and existing customer relationships, all of which contribute to intensifying competition that may affect our future revenue growth.
