ALLSTATE CORP report:
Effect of Discontinued Lines and Coverages on combined ratio : the ratio of claims and claims expense and operating costs and expenses in the Discontinued Lines and Coverages segment to Property-Liability premiums earned. The sum of the effect of Discontinued Lines and Coverages on the combined ratio and the Allstate Protection combined ratio is equal to the Property-Liability combined ratio. 
Our Transformative Growth Plan included a decision to reposition the Allstate brand for broader customer access, resulting in a $51 million impairment for the Esurance brand trade name. See the Esurance section of this Item for further details. 
Net investment income increased 4.7% or $69 million in 2019 compared to 2018 , due to higher income from market-based portfolios, partially offset by lower performance-based investment results, mainly from limited partnerships. 2019 performance-based investment results included lower valuations in the fourth quarter, on two private equity investments totaling $37 million. We increased the maturity profile of fixed income securities in our Property-Liability portfolio to a duration of 5.2 years as of December 31, 2019 compared to 4.1 years as of December 31, 2018 .

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Wireline segment provides communications products and enhanced services, including video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services and local and long distance voice services. We provide these products and services to consumers in the U.S., as well as to carriers, businesses and government customers both in the U.S. and around the world.  In 2018 , Wireline revenues were $29.8 billion , representing approximately 23%  of Verizon’s aggregate revenues. 
To compensate for the shrinking market for traditional copper-based products (such as voice services), we continue to build our Wireline business around a fiber-based network supporting data, video and advanced business services - areas where demand for reliable high-speed connections is growing. We continue to seek ways to increase revenue, further realize operating and capital efficiencies and maximize profitability across the segment. We are reinventing our network architecture around a common fiber platform that will support both our wireless and wireline businesses. We expect our "multi-use fiber" Intelligent Edge Network initiative will create opportunities to generate revenue from fiber-based services in our Wireline business.   
Consumer Markets provides residential fixed connectivity solutions, including Internet, TV and voice services. We provide these services over our 100% fiber-optic network under the brand "Fios" and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. In 2018 , Consumer Markets revenues were $12.6 billion , representing approximately 42%  of Wireline’s aggregate revenues.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple performance obligations such as Cloud Services, software licenses, support and updates and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are concluded to be distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services, software licenses and support and updates services are generally concluded to be distinct because such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, the Company considers the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, the Company has concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct. 
The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative SSP basis. The SSP is the price at which the Company would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation.
