BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. Recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, raw materials and taxable services and other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in Brazil. Management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. The balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories, purchases of new inventories, percentages of export sales, seasonality, changes in applicable tax rates, cash payment by the applicable government agencies and compensation of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments. At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the allowance for recoverable taxes was $37 million and $39 million, respectively. We continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful, recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.We apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. Accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. The calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves complexities in the application of intricate tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. Future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $120 million  and $106 million , respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. For additional information on income taxes, please refer to Note 14 - Income Taxes  to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
On December 22, 2017, H.R. 1, commonly known as the “Tax Cuts and Jobs Act” (the “Tax Act”) was signed into U.S. law. As a result of the Tax Act and in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (“SAB 118”), Bunge recognized a provisional tax expense of $60 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the one-time transition tax (“Transition Tax”), the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the accrual of incremental withholding taxes on future repatriation of earnings to the United States. 
In the fourth quarter of 2018, Bunge completed its analysis of the impact of the Tax Act in conjunction with filing of its 2017 U.S. income tax return, assessment of additional documentation to determine the Transition Tax, and analysis of U.S. Treasury guidance on the Tax Act. As a result, Bunge recorded a tax benefit of $26 million, primarily related to our ability to utilize additional foreign tax credits to offset future repatriation of earnings to the United States.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Service Cloud. Service Cloud enables companies to deliver smarter, faster and more personalized customer service and support. Our customers use Service Cloud to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, on popular devices and across multiple channels: phone, email, messaging, chat, live video, SMS, self-service web portals, social networks, online communities and directly within their own products and mobile apps. In addition, Service Cloud offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently, and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Marketing and Commerce Cloud. Marketing Cloud enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. In addition, companies can segment and target audiences to power precise digital marketing at scale. With Marketing Cloud, customer data can also be integrated with Sales Cloud and Service Cloud in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a complete view of their customers. Our Commerce Cloud empowers brands to unify the customer experience across all points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. With embedded AI that delivers a personalized shopping experience and a robust partner ecosystem, Commerce Cloud helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, revenue and loyalty from their customers. 
Customer 360 Platform. The Customer 360 Platform empowers Information Technology (“IT”), developers and business users with no-code to pro-code Platform-as-a-Service tools for building, securing, integrating and managing the business apps

BOEING CO report:
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process, changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. 
Payments under long-term contracts may be received before or after revenue is recognized. The U.S. government customer typically withholds payment of a small portion of the contract price until contract completion. Therefore, long-term contracts typically generate Unbilled receivables (contract assets) but may generate Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities). Long-term contract Unbilled receivables and Advances and progress billings are not considered a significant financing component because they are intended to protect either the customer or the Company in the event that some or all of the obligations under the contract are not completed. 
Commercial spare parts contracts Certain contracts at our BGS segment include sales of commercial spare parts. For each contract, we determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received. The spare parts have discrete unit prices that represent fair value. We generally consider each spare part to be a separate performance obligation. Revenue is recognized for each commercial spare part performance obligation at the point in time of delivery to the customer. We may provide our customers with a right to return a commercial spare part where a customer may receive a full or partial refund, a credit applied to amounts owed, a different product in exchange, or any combination of these items. We consider the potential for customer returns in the estimated transaction price. The amount reported as cost of sales is recorded at average cost. Payments for commercial spare parts sales are typically received shortly after delivery.
