WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
International Networks maximizes the use of content from our U.S. Networks. Our non-fiction content tends to be culturally neutral and maintains its relevance for an extended period of time. As a result, a significant amount of our non-fiction content translates well across international borders and is made even more accessible through extensive use of dubbing and subtitles in local languages. Our content can be re-edited and updated in a cost-effective manner to provide topical versions of subject matter that can be utilized around the world. International Networks executes a localization strategy by offering content from U.S. Networks, customized content and localized schedules via our distribution feeds. While our International Networks segment maximizes the use of content from U.S. Networks, we also develop local content that is tailored to individual market preferences and license the rights to air films, television series and sporting events from third-party producers. To that end, during 2018, we entered into a 12-year partnership with the PGA Tour that includes TV and online rights to the PGA Tour outside the United States. Effective January 1, 2019 , we announced the launch of GOLFTV, a new live and on-demand international video streaming service providing over 2,000 hours of live golf programming each year and extensive premium content on-demand. Discovery plans to invest more than $2 billion over the course of the partnership, including licensing rights and building the GOLFTV platform. 
Our largest single expense is content, which includes content amortization, content impairment and production costs. We amortize the cost of capitalized content rights based on the proportion that the current year's estimated revenues bear to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues, which normally results in an accelerated amortization method over the estimated useful lives. However, certain networks also utilize a straight-line method of amortization over the estimated useful lives of the content. Content is amortized primarily over periods of two to four years. The costs for multi-year sports programming arrangements are expensed when the event is broadcast based on the estimated relative value of each season in the arrangement. Content assets are reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators are present, such as low viewership or limited expected use. Impairment losses are recorded when content asset carrying value exceeds net realizable value. 
Providing content across various distribution platforms is a highly competitive business worldwide. We experience competition for the development and acquisition of content, distribution of our content, sale of commercial time on our networks and viewership. There is competition from other production studios, other television networks, and online-based content providers for the acquisition of content and creative talent such as writers, producers and directors. Our ability to produce and acquire popular content is an important competitive factor for the distribution of our content, attracting viewers and the sale of advertising. Our success in securing popular content and creative talent depends on various factors such as the number of competitors providing content that targets the same genre and audience, the distribution of our content, viewership, and the production, marketing and advertising support we provide.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• interest expenses recognized by the Partnership (excluding Sunoco LP and USAC) decreased by $8 million due to lower borrowing costs on both recently refinanced and floating rate debt, and higher capitalized interest offsetting a higher consolidated debt balance; 
• an increase of $2 million recognized by USAC was primarily due to a full year of interest expense incurred in the current period on its senior notes 2027 issued in March 2019, partially offset by reduced borrowings and lower weighted average interest rates under its credit agreement; and 
Impairment Losses . During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Partnership recognized goodwill impairments totaling $2.2 billion and fixed asset impairments totaling $58 million, primarily due to decreases in projected future cash flows as a result of overall market demand decline. In addition, USAC recognized a goodwill impairment of $619 million as well as an equipment impairment of $8 million based on changes in market conditions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from marine transportation for 2019 increased $20.4 million when compared to 2018 primarily due to higher barge fees, which accounted for $31.8 million of the increase, partially offset by higher operating costs, which accounted for an $11.3 million decrease.
Based on current market conditions (as of the filing date of this annual report), we believe we will have sufficient liquidity, cash flow from operations and access to capital markets to fund our capital investments and working capital needs for the reasonably foreseeable future. At December 31, 2019, we had $ 4.85 billion of consolidated liquidity, which was comprised of $ 4.52 billion of available borrowing capacity under EPO’s revolving credit facilities and $ 334.7 million of unrestricted cash on hand. 
We may issue equity and debt securities to assist us in meeting our future funding and liquidity requirements, including those related to capital investments. We have a universal shelf registration statement (the “2019 Shelf”) on file with the SEC which allows EPD and EPO (each on a standalone basis) to issue an unlimited amount of equity and debt securities, respectively. The 2019 Shelf replaced our prior universal shelf registration statement, which expired in May 2019.
