ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• gastroenterology products, including Creon™, for the treatment of pancreatic exocrine insufficiency associated with several underlying conditions, including cystic fibrosis and chronic pancreatitis; Duspatal™ and Dicetel®, for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome or biliary spasm; Heptral™, Transmetil®, and Samyr®, for the treatment of intrahepatic cholestasis (associated with liver disease) or depressive symptoms; and Duphalac™, for regulation of the physiological rhythm of the colon; • women's health products, including Duphaston™, for the treatment of many different gynecological disorders; and Femoston™, a hormone replacement therapy for postmenopausal women; • cardiovascular and metabolic products, including Lipanthyl™ and TriCor®, for the treatment of dyslipidemia; Teveten™ and Teveten™ Plus, for the treatment of essential hypertension, and Physiotens™, for the treatment of hypertension; and Synthroid™, for the treatment of hypothyroidism; • pain and central nervous system products, including Serc™, for the treatment of Ménière's disease and vestibular vertigo; Brufen™, for the treatment of pain, fever, and inflammation, and Sevedol®, for the treatment of severe migraines; and • respiratory drugs and vaccines, including the anti-infective clarithromycin (sold under the trademarks Biaxin®, Klacid™, and Klaricid™); and Influvac™, an influenza vaccine. 
* As used throughout the text of this report on Form 10-K, the term "Abbott" refers to Abbott Laboratories, an Illinois corporation, or Abbott Laboratories and its consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires. 1 
The Established Pharmaceutical Products segment directs its primary marketing efforts toward building a strong brand with key stakeholders, including consumers, pharmacists, physicians, and other healthcare providers. Government agencies are also important customers.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holders thereof at any time into shares of Common Stock at an initial conversion price of $ 21.50 per share and an initial conversion rate of 46.5116 shares of Common Stock per share of Series A Preferred Stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments set forth in the Certificate of Designations. At any time after May 6, 2023 (the third anniversary of the Issuance Date), if the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock exceeds $ 43.00 per share, as may be adjusted pursuant to the Certificate of Designations, for at least 20 trading days in any period of 30 consecutive trading days, at the election of the Company, all of the Series A Preferred Stock will be convertible into the relevant number of shares of Common Stock. 
At any time after May 6, 2025 (the fifth anniversary of the Issuance Date), the Company may redeem some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock for a per share amount in cash equal to: (i) the sum of (x) 100 % of the liquidation preference thereof, plus (y) all accrued and unpaid dividends, multiplied by (ii) (A) 105 % if the redemption occurs at any time after the fifth anniversary of the Issuance Date and prior to the sixth anniversary of the Issuance Date, (B) 103 % if the redemption occurs at any time after May 6, 2026 (the sixth anniversary of the Issuance Date) and prior to May 6, 2027 (the seventh anniversary of the Issuance Date), and (C) 100 % if the redemption occurs at any time after May 6, 2027 (the seventh anniversary of the Issuance Date). 
Upon certain change of control events involving the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock must either (i) convert their shares of Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the then-current conversion price or (ii) cause the Company to redeem their shares of Series A Preferred Stock for an amount in cash equal to 100 % of the liquidation preference thereof plus all accrued but unpaid dividends. If any such change of control event occurs on or before May 6, 2025 (the fifth anniversary of the Issuance Date), the Company will also be required to pay the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock a “make-whole” premium of 5 %.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps that bring them closer to their customers, with drag-and-drop tools that boost efficiency, increase productivity and save on IT costs. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance and automatic upgrades. Integrated platform services, such as automation, AI and real-time data processing, make it easier for customers to utilize those capabilities in their Salesforce applications. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. Our Slack offering is a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We continue to innovate and integrate Slack across our Customer 360 platform. 
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web, Web3 and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization, and optimize overall marketing impact with integrated analytics. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers.
