MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenues decreased $30 million (0.5%), due to unfavorable currency (1.3 pp), the impact of a divestiture (0.9 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (0.6 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (2.3 pp). Unfavorable currency impacts were due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies in the region, including the Indian rupee, South African rand, Australian dollar and Pakistan rupee, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the Philippine peso, Egyptian pound, Japanese yen and Chinese yuan. The May 28, 2019 divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $55 million. Unfavorable volume/mix was due to unfavorable product mix as overall higher volume was tempered by the negative volume impact from COVID-19 related lockdowns impacting our traditional trade markets. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in gum, chocolate, candy and refreshment beverages, partially offset by gains in biscuits and cheese & grocery. Higher net pricing was driven by chocolate, biscuits, refreshment beverages and cheese & grocery, partially offset by lower net pricing in candy and gum. 
Segment operating income increased $130 million (18.8%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lapping prior-year expenses from the resolution of tax matters in India totaling $87 million, lower manufacturing costs (net of incremental COVID-19 related costs), lower other selling, general and administrative expenses, lower intangible asset impairment charges and lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, unfavorable volume/mix, unfavorable currency and the impact of the prior-year divestiture. 
Net revenues increased $949 million (9.3%), due to favorable currency (3.7 pp), favorable volume/mix (3.6 pp), higher net pricing (1.4 pp) and the impact of an acquisition (0.6 pp). Favorable currency impacts reflected the strength of most currencies in the region relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, British pound sterling, Norwegian krone, Swedish krona and Czech koruna, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to a few currencies, including the Turkish lira and Russian ruble. Favorable volume/mix was driven by strong volume growth as we experienced increased demand for most of our snack category products and our world travel business continued to recover as global travel improved though still remained below pre-pandemic levels. Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains in chocolate, biscuits, cheese & grocery, and refreshment beverages, partially offset by declines in gum and candy. Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories except cheese & grocery. The March 25, 2021 acquisition of Grenade added incremental net revenues of $63 million (constant currency basis) in 2021.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company has included the accompanying summarized combined financial information of the Obligors after the elimination of intercompany transactions and balances among the Obligors and the elimination of equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary of the Parent that is a non-guarantor (in millions). 
Additional information regarding the changes in our outstanding indebtedness and the significant terms and provisions of our revolving credit facility and outstanding indebtedness is discussed in Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Principal payments on long-term debt reflect the repayment of our outstanding senior notes, at face value, assuming repayment will occur upon maturity. Interest payments on our outstanding senior notes are projected based on their contractual interest rates and maturity dates.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
It is reasonably possible that a loss may be realized in the remaining cases; however, we are unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss in excess of amounts accrued. An adverse determination with respect to one or more of the MTBE cases could have a significant impact on results of operations during the period in which any such adverse determination occurs, but such an adverse determination likely would not have a material adverse effect on the Partnership’s consolidated financial position. 
In October 2016, PHMSA issued a Notice of Probable Violation (“NOPVs”) and a Proposed Compliance Order (“PCO”) related to ETO’s West Texas Gulf pipeline in connection with repairs being carried out on the pipeline and other administrative and procedural findings. The case went to hearing in March 2017. On November 14, 2019, PHMSA issued a Final Order that upheld the two alleged violations and resultant civil penalty in the amount of $251,800. The full payment was made on November 27, 2019, and the case is now closed. 
In April 2016, PHMSA issued a NOPV, PCO and Proposed Civil Penalty related to certain welding practices and procedures followed during construction of ETO’s Permian Express 2 pipeline system in Texas. The case went to hearing before an Administrative Hearing Officer in November 2016. Recently, PHMSA issued a Final Order withdrawing two of the five alleged violations and resulting in a reduction of the civil penalty from $1,278,100 to $882,600 along with ordering compliance actions.
