MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Net revenues were approximately $26.6 billion in 2020 and $25.9 billion in 2019, an increase of 2.8% in 2020 and a decrease of 0.3% in 2019. In 2020, net revenues were significantly impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak and response. In developed markets, particularly North America, demand for our products, primarily biscuits and chocolate, grew significantly as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption. In some of our emerging markets, where we have a greater concentration of traditional trade, as well as in our gum and candy, world travel retail and foodservice businesses, where we sell products that are typically consumed away from home, net revenues were negatively affected by mandated lockdowns and other related restrictions. In the second half of the year the negative impacts we experienced from COVID-19, particularly during the second quarter, subsided, resulting in a return to revenue growth across a number of our key markets. 
– Net revenue increased in 2020, driven by higher net pricing, favorable volume/mix and incremental net revenues from our acquisitions of Give & Go in 2020 and Perfect Snacks in 2019. These items were partially offset by the significant impact of unfavorable currency translation, as the U.S. dollar strengthened against most currencies in which we operate compared to exchange rates in the prior year, as well as the May 28, 2019 divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa. 
– Net revenue decreased in 2019, driven by the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of the divestiture of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa. Net revenues were positively affected by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix, as well as our acquisitions of Perfect Snacks in 2019 and Tate's Bake Shop in 2018.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Louisiana and Mississippi natural gas processing facilities increased $44.5 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average processing margins (including the impact of hedging activities). Net to our interest, combined fee-based natural gas processing and equity NGL production volumes at these plants decreased 50 MMcf/d and increased 3 MBPD, respectively, year-to-year (net to our interest).
Gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities decreased $72.9 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins, which accounted for a $44.4 million decrease, and lower sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $18.0 million decrease. The year-to-year decrease in gross operating margin can be attributed to results from marketing strategies that seek to optimize our export, storage and plant assets, which accounted for a combined $154.6 million decrease, partially offset by higher earnings from strategies that seek to optimize our transportation assets, which accounted for a $91.3 million increase. In addition, gross operating margin from our NGL marketing activities attributable to non-cash, mark-to-market earnings decreased $9.6 million year-to-year.
A number of our pipelines, including the Mid-America Pipeline System, Seminole NGL Pipeline, Chaparral NGL Pipeline, and Shin Oak NGL Pipeline, serve Permian Basin and/or Rocky Mountain producers. On a combined basis, gross operating margin from these pipelines decreased $109.2 million year-to-year primarily due to lower transportation volumes of 49 MBPD (net to our interest), which accounted for an $ 57.3 million decrease, and a $44.0 million decrease due to lower average transportation and deficiency fees, which was primarily due to certain contracts associated with the Rocky Mountain segment of our Mid-America Pipeline System reaching their termination date in September 2021.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07, which requires employers sponsoring postretirement benefit plans to disaggregate the service cost component from the other components of net benefit cost. The standard also provides explicit guidance on how to present the service cost and other components of net benefit cost in the statement of operations and allows only the service cost component of net benefit cost to be eligible for capitalization. In conjunction with the acquisition of Scripps Networks, the Company evaluated the accounting for the Scripps Networks qualified defined benefit pension plan ("Pension Plan") and the Scripps Networks nonqualified unfunded Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP"). As the Pension Plan was frozen effective December 31, 2009, and the plan sponsor no longer grants credits to participants for service costs, the updated guidance on service costs is not applicable. The presentation as required by this guidance is reflected within the employee benefit plans footnote disclosures. (See Note 16.) 
In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02, which permits entities to reclassify tax effects stranded in accumulated other comprehensive income as a result of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA") to retained earnings for each period in which the effect of the change is recorded. The update also requires entities to disclose their accounting policy for releasing income tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the pronouncement will have on the consolidated financial statements. 
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, which simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill. The new guidance eliminates Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test and eliminates the requirements for any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment. Therefore, an entity will recognize impairment charges for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, and the same impairment assessment applies to all reporting units. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The amendments in this update must be adopted on a prospective basis for the annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the pronouncement will have on the consolidated financial statements.
