COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company's 401(k) retirement plan is available to all U.S. employees over the age of 18 who have completed 90 days of employment. The plan allows participants to make wage deferral contributions, a portion of which the Company matches. In addition, the Company provides each eligible participant an annual discretionary contribution. The Company also has a defined contribution plan for Canadian employees and contributes a percentage of each employee's wages. Certain subsidiaries in the Company's Other International operations have defined benefit and defined contribution plans, which are not material. Amounts expensed under all plans were $ 748 , $ 676 , and $ 614 for 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, and are predominantly included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
RSUs granted to employees generally vest over five years and allow for quarterly vesting of the pro-rata number of stock-based awards that would vest on the next anniversary of the grant date in the event of retirement or voluntary termination. Actual forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
Compensation expense for stock-based awards is predominantly recognized using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. Awards for employees and non-employee directors provide for accelerated vesting based on cumulative years of service with the Company. Compensation expense for the accelerated shares is recognized upon achievement of the long-service term. The cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized at any point in time equals at least the portion of the grant-date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. The fair value of RSUs is calculated as the market value of the common stock on the measurement date less the present value of the expected dividends forgone during the vesting period.

BOEING CO report:
Payments under long-term contracts may be received before or after revenue is recognized. The U.S. government customer typically withholds payment of a small portion of the contract price until contract completion. Therefore, long-term contracts typically generate Unbilled receivables (contract assets) but may generate Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities). Long-term contract Unbilled receivables and Advances and progress billings are not considered a significant financing component because they are intended to protect either the customer or the Company in the event that some or all of the obligations under the contract are not completed. 
Commercial spare parts contracts Certain contracts at our BGS segment include sales of commercial spare parts. For each contract, we determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received. The spare parts have discrete unit prices that represent fair value. We generally consider each spare part to be a separate performance obligation. Revenue is recognized for each commercial spare part performance obligation at the point in time of delivery to the customer. We may provide our customers with a right to return a commercial spare part where a customer may receive a full or partial refund, a credit applied to amounts owed, a different product in exchange, or any combination of these items. We consider the potential for customer returns in the estimated transaction price. The amount reported as cost of sales is recorded at average cost. Payments for commercial spare parts sales are typically received shortly after delivery. 
Other service revenue contracts Certain contracts at our BGS segment are for sales of services to commercial customers including maintenance, training, data analytics and information-based services. We recognize revenue for these service performance obligations over time as the services are rendered.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
contracts. The new guidance introduces material changes to the measurement of the Company’s reserves for traditional life, life-contingent immediate annuities and certain voluntary accident and health insurance products. 
Under the new guidance, measurement assumptions, including those for mortality, morbidity and policy terminations, will be required to be reviewed and updated at least annually. The effect of updating measurement assumptions other than the discount rate are required to be measured on a retrospective basis and reported in net income. In addition, reserves under the new guidance are required to be discounted using an upper medium grade fixed income instrument yield required to be updated through OCI at each reporting date. Current GAAP requires reserves to utilize assumptions set at policy issuance unless updated current assumptions indicate that recorded reserves are deficient. 
The new guidance also requires DAC and other capitalized balances currently amortized in proportion to premiums or gross profits to be amortized on a constant level basis over the expected term for all long-duration insurance contracts. DAC will not be subject to loss recognition testing but will be reduced when actual lapse experience exceeds expected experience. The new guidance will no longer require adjustments to DAC and deferred sales inducement costs (“DSI”) related to unrealized gains and losses on investment securities supporting the related business.
