BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Raw Materials —We purchase oilseeds and grains either directly from farmers or indirectly through intermediaries. Although the availability and price of agricultural commodities may, in any given year, be affected by unpredictable factors such as weather, government programs and policies, and farmer planting and selling decisions, our operations in major crop growing regions have enabled us to source adequate raw materials for our operational needs. 
Competition —Due to their commodity nature, markets for our products are highly competitive and subject to product substitution. Competition is principally based on price, quality, product and service offerings, and geographic location. Major competitors include but are not limited to: The Archer Daniels Midland Co. ("ADM"), Cargill Incorporated ("Cargill"), Louis Dreyfus Group ("Louis Dreyfus"), Glencore International PLC ("Glencore"), Wilmar International Limited ("Wilmar") and COFCO International ("COFCO"). 
Overview —We primarily sell our refined and specialty oil products to food processors, food service companies, and retail outlets, as well as for feedstock to renewable diesel companies. The principal raw materials used in our Refined and Specialty Oils segment are various crude and further processed vegetable oils and fats. These raw materials are mostly agricultural commodities that we either produce or purchase from third parties. We believe that our global integrated business model enables us to realize synergies among our Agribusiness, Refined and Specialty Oils and Milling segments through raw material procurement, logistics, risk management and the co-location of industrial facilities, enabling us to supply customers with reliable, high quality products on a global basis. As many of the products we sell in our Refined and Specialty Oils segment are staple foods or ingredients, these businesses generally benefit from global population and income growth rates.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Mortgage loans Level 3 $ 821   $ 853   $ 746   $ 792   Bank loans Level 3 1,574   1,634   772   803   Assets held for sale Level 3 —   —   4,206   4,440   Financial liabilities Fair value level Carrying 
Contractholder funds on investment contracts Level 3 $ 55   $ 55   $ —   $ —   Long-term debt Level 2 7,976   9,150   7,825   9,489   Liability for collateral Level 2 1,444   1,444   914   914   
The Company uses derivatives for risk reduction and to increase investment portfolio returns through asset replication. Risk reduction activity is focused on managing the risks with certain assets and liabilities arising from the potential adverse impacts from changes in risk-free interest rates, changes in equity market valuations, increases in credit spreads and foreign currency fluctuations.

BOEING CO report:
On March 13, 2019, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued an order to suspend operations of all 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. and by U.S. aircraft operators following two fatal accidents of 737 MAX aircraft. Non-U.S. civil aviation authorities have issued directives to the same effect (the “737 MAX Grounding”). In addition, multiple legal actions have been filed against the Company following the fatal accidents and various governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries continue relating to the accidents and the 737 MAX aircraft. 
During 2019, the Company recorded a liability in connection with estimated payments, concessions and other in-kind consideration it intends to provide to customers for disruptions related to the 737 MAX Grounding and associated delivery delays. This liability totaled $7.4 billion at December 31, 2019 and is reflected in the financial statements in Accrued liabilities. This represents the Company’s best estimate of future concessions and other consideration to its customers, and is necessarily based on individual negotiations with customers and a series of assumptions, including the timing and conditions of the 737 MAX’s return to service in various jurisdictions and the timing of future production rate increases. Because the timing and conditions of the 737 MAX return to service in various jurisdictions will be determined by civil aviation authorities and is outside of the Company’s control, the assumptions underlying the liability require a high degree of auditor judgment. 
Significant judgment is involved in management’s ability to assess and reasonably estimate potential additional financial statement effects or a range of loss, if any, resulting from the outcome of 737 MAX-related litigation and the results of the various governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries related to the 737 MAX.
