MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(7) Includes our proportionate share of significant operating and non-operating items recorded by our JDE Peet's and KDP equity method investees, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs and restructuring program costs. 
As we operate globally, we are primarily exposed to currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate market risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program. Our risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. 
During 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic and related global response significantly impacted economic activity and markets around the world. National and local governments imposed preventative or protective restrictions on travel and business operations and advised or required citizens to remain at home. Temporary closures of businesses were ordered and numerous other businesses temporarily closed voluntarily. The impact of the global pandemic and response has had a material unfavorable impact on global markets, including commodity, currency and capital markets. While some of these markets such as the U.S. and other major stock markets and certain currencies have rebounded significantly in the second and third quarters of 2020, these markets are likely to continue to remain volatile while the situation continues. An economic or credit crisis could occur and impair credit availability and our ability to raise capital when needed. A disruption in the financial markets may have a negative effect on our derivative counterparties and could impair our banking or other business partners, on whom we rely for access to capital and as counterparties for a number of our derivative contracts. We are actively working to mitigate these risks and we largely employed existing strategies that are described below to mitigate these market risks related to currency, commodity and interest rate risks.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Content on HGTV includes House Hunters , House Hunters International , Flip or Flop , The Property Brothers , Home Town , Good Bones , Restored by the Fords , Caribbean Life and Beachfront Bargain Hunt . 
The most widely distributed ad-supported cable network in the U.S., Food Network had approximately 88 million subscribers in the U.S. and 5 million subscribers through a licensing arrangement with partners in Canada included in the U.S. Networks segment as of December 31, 2019 and approximately 115 million subscribers and viewers in international markets as of December 31, 2019 . 
Food Network programming content attracts audiences interested specifically in food-related entertainment including competition and travel, as well as food-related topics such as recipes, food preparation, entertaining and dining out.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment includes our (i) propylene production facilities, which include propylene fractionation units and a PDH facility, and related pipelines and marketing activities, (ii) butane isomerization complex and related deisobutanizer (“DIB”) operations, (iii) octane enhancement, iBDH and HPIB production facilities, (iv) refined products pipelines, terminals and related marketing activities, (v) an ethylene export terminal and related operations; and (vi) marine transportation business.
We evaluate segment performance based on our financial measure of gross operating margin. Gross operating margin is an important performance measure of the core profitability of our operations and forms the basis of our internal financial reporting. We believe that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that our management uses in evaluating segment results. 
The following table presents gross operating margin by segment and total gross operating margin, a non-generally accepted accounting principle (“non-GAAP”) financial measure, for the years indicated (dollars in millions):
