US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
A hypothetical 1% change in the rate would result in a change to the postretirement medical plan obligation of less than $ 1 million . Retirees covered under these plans are responsible for the cost of coverage in excess of the subsidy, including all future cost increases. 
In determining the discount rate, the Company determines the implied rate of return on a hypothetical portfolio of high-quality fixed-income investments, for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximates the estimated pension plan payouts. The discount rate assumption is reviewed annually and revised as appropriate. 
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is derived from a mathematical asset model. This model incorporates assumptions on the various asset class returns, reflecting a combination of historical performance analysis and the forward-looking views of the financial markets regarding the yield on long-term bonds and the historical returns of the major stock markets. The rate of return assumption is reviewed annually and revised as deemed appropriate.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) The actual tax benefit/(expense) realized and recorded in the provision for income taxes for the tax deductions from the shares vested totaled $ 5 million in 2020, $ 2 million in 2019 and $ 3 million in 2018. 
(4) The grant date fair value of performance share units is determined based on the Monte Carlo simulation model for the market-based total shareholder return component and the closing market price of the Company’s stock on the grant date for performance-based components. The Monte Carlo simulation model incorporates the probability of achieving the total shareholder return market condition. Compensation expense is recognized using the grant date fair values regardless of whether the market condition is achieved, so long as the requisite service has been provided. 
Our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize 5.0 billion shares of Class A common stock (“Common Stock”) and 500 million shares of preferred stock. There were no preferred shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018. Shares of Common Stock issued, in treasury and outstanding were:

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $24 million in 2020 and $39 million in 2018. The 2020 tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to Abbott’s developed markets branded generic pharmaceuticals business which was sold to Mylan Inc. (Mylan) in 2015. The tax positions relate to years prior to the sale to Mylan. The 2018 tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to the operations of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) for years prior to the separation. Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie, which was formed to hold Abbott’s research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business, in January 2013. Abbott retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation.
In the Established Pharmaceuticals segment, the development process focuses on the geographic expansion and continuous improvement of the segment’s existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers. As Established Pharmaceuticals does not actively pursue primary research, development usually begins with work on existing products or after the acquisition of an advanced stage licensing opportunity.
The specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. The process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as China.
