VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We enter into derivative transactions primarily to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including cross currency swaps, forward starting interest rate swaps, interest rate swaps, treasury rate locks, interest rate caps and foreign exchange forwards. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes. 
We measure all derivatives at fair value and recognize them as either assets or liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Our derivative instruments are valued primarily using models based on readily observable market parameters for all substantial terms of our derivative contracts and thus are classified as Level 2. Changes in the fair values of derivative instruments applied as economic hedges are recognized in earnings in the current period. For fair value hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivative instruments is recognized in earnings, along with the change in the fair value of the hedged item. For cash flow hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivative instruments is reported in Other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized in earnings when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. For net investment hedges of certain of our foreign operations, the change in the fair value of the hedging instruments is reported in Other comprehensive income (loss) as part of the cumulative translation adjustment and partially offsets the impact of foreign currency changes on the value of our net investment. 
Cash flows from derivatives, which are designated as accounting hedges or applied as economic hedges, are presented consistently with the cash flow classification of the related hedged items. See Note 9 for additional information.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
($ in millions) 2021 2020 2019 Compensation expense $ 120   $ 124   $ 105   Income tax benefits 18   18   17   Cash received from exercise of options 151   111   154   Tax benefit realized on options exercised and release of stock restrictions 37   53   43    
The Company records compensation expense related to awards under these plans over the shorter of the period in which the requisite service is rendered or retirement eligibility is attained. Compensation expense for performance stock awards with no market condition is based on the probable number of awards expected to vest using the performance level most likely to be achieved at the end of the performance period. Compensation expense for performance stock awards with a market condition is based on the number of awards expected to vest as estimated at the grant date and does not change if the market condition is not met. 
($ in millions) Unrecognized compensation Weighted average vesting period Nonqualified stock options $ 16   1.61 Restricted stock units 44   1.87 Performance stock awards 30   1.65 Total $ 90

SALESFORCE INC report:
The following section generally discusses Fiscal Year 2020 and 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between Fiscal Year 2020 and 2019, as well as certain Fiscal Year 2018 items. Discussions of Fiscal Year 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal year 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2019. 
We are a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and customers together. We introduced our first CRM solution in 2000, and we have since expanded our service offerings with new editions, features and platform capabilities. Our core mission is to enable our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, voice and artificial intelligence (“AI”), to transform their businesses. Our Customer 360 platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce, analytics and more to give our customers a single source of information about their customers. 
• Acquisitions: During fiscal 2020 we completed the acquisition of Tableau Software, Inc. ("Tableau") for $14.8 billion in common stock issued, cash and fair value of equity assumed, ClickSoftware Technologies Ltd. ("ClickSoftware") for $1.4 billion in cash, common stock issued and fair value of equity assumed, and Salesforce.org for $300 million in cash.
