ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In addition, Panhandle and/or its subsidiaries are subject to certain additional restrictions and covenants. These restrictions and covenants include limitations on additional debt at some of its subsidiaries; limitations on the use of proceeds from borrowing at some of its subsidiaries; limitations, in some cases, on transactions with its affiliates; limitations on the incurrence of liens; potential limitations on the abilities of some of its subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends and potential limitations on some of its subsidiaries to participate in Panhandle’s cash management program; and limitations on Panhandle’s ability to prepay debt. 
The Bakken Credit Facility contains standard and customary covenants for a financing of this type, subject to materiality, knowledge and other qualifications, thresholds, reasonableness and other exceptions. These standard and customary covenants include, but are not limited to:   
 A restricted payment covenant is also included in the Bakken Credit Facility which requires a minimum historic debt service coverage ratio (“DSCR”) of not less than   1.20   to   1   (the “Minimum Historic DSCR”) with respect each 12-month period following the commercial in-service date of the Dakota Access and ETCO Project in order to make certain restricted payments thereunder.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Content on Food Network includes primetime series Beat Bobby Flay , Chopped , Diners, Drive-ins and Dives , The Great   Food Truck Race, Guy’s Grocery Games , Worst Cooks in America , and several seasonal baking championships, as well as daytime series Barefoot Contessa , Cook Like a Pro , Giada Entertains , Girl Meets Farm , Guy's Ranch Kitchen , The Kitchen , The   Pioneer Woman, Trisha’s Southern Kitchen and Valerie's Home Cooking . 
Travel Channel reached approximately 83 million  subscribers in the U.S. as of December 31, 2018  and 78 million  combined subscribers and viewers in international markets as of December 31, 2018 . 
Travel Channel is for the bold, daring and spontaneous: adventurers who embrace the thrill of the unexpected, risk-takers who aren’t afraid of a little mystery and anyone who loves a great story.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We monitor for changes in tax laws and reflect the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. When there is refinement to tax law changes in subsequent periods, we account for the new guidance in the period when it becomes known. 
In October 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) which requires companies to recognize and measure customer contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination as if the acquiring company originated the related revenue contracts. Prior to adopting this ASU, acquired contract assets and liabilities were measured at fair value. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 and early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the timing and effects of adopting this ASU and currently we do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In March 2020 and subsequently in January 2021 and December 2022, the FASB issued ASUs to provide optional accounting guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform. The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions to existing accounting requirements for contract modifications and hedge accounting related to transitioning from discontinued reference rates, such as LIBOR, to alternative reference rates, if certain criteria are met. The new accounting requirements can be applied as of the beginning of the interim period including March 12, 2020, or any date thereafter, through December 31, 2024. We adopted this standard in the fourth quarter of 2022 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
