ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Partnership recorded impairments totaling $3.01 billion, $74 million and $431 million, respectively, including $129 million in impairments in unconsolidated affiliates in 2020, and $66 million, $53 million and $52 million of long-lived asset impairments in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Additional information on the impairments recorded during these periods is available in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 
Management does not believe that any of the Partnership’s goodwill balances, long-lived assets or investments in unconsolidated affiliates is currently at significant risk of a material impairment; however, of the $2.39 billion of goodwill on 
the Partnership’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020, approximately $368 million is recorded in reporting units for which the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value by less than 20% in the most recent quantitative test.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The risk-free interest rate is based on the rates available at the time of the grant for zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a remaining term equal to the option’s expected life. The average life of an option is based on both historical and projected exercise and lapsing data. Expected volatility is based on implied volatilities from traded options on Abbott’s stock and historical volatility of Abbott’s stock over the expected life of the option. Dividend yield is based on the option’s exercise price and annual dividend rate at the time of grant.
In September 2019, the board of directors authorized the early redemption of up to $ 5 billion of outstanding long-term notes. This bond redemption authorization supersedes the board’s previous authorization under which $ 700 million had not yet been redeemed.
On November 19, 2019, Abbott's wholly owned subsidiary, Ireland Financing DAC, completed an offering of € 1.180 billion of long-term debt consisting of € 590 million of 0.10 % Notes due 2024 and € 590 million of 0.375 % Notes due 2027. The proceeds equated to approximately $ 1.3 billion. The Notes are guaranteed by Abbott.

SALESFORCE INC report:
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
