COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of August 29, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated October 5, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Outside the U.S., in September 2020, Rapid Diagnostics launched its Panbio ® rapid antigen test to detect COVID-19 pursuant to a CE Mark. In June 2021, Abbott announced that it had received CE Mark for its over-the-counter Panbio COVID-19 Antigen Self-Test for individuals with or without symptoms. 
In 2020, Molecular Diagnostics developed and launched molecular tests to detect COVID-19 using polymerase chain reaction (PCR) methods on its m2000 ® RealTi m e lab-based platform and its Alinity ® m system pursuant to EUAs in the U.S. and CE Marks. Molecular Diagnostics also developed and launched its multiplex molecular test on its Alinity m system to detect COVID-19, influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in one test. This multiplex molecular test was launched pursuant to a CE Mark in December 2020 and an EUA in the U.S. in March 2021. 
In 2020 and 2021, Core Laboratory Diagnostics developed and launched various lab-based serology blood tests on its ARCHITECT ® i1000SR ® and ARCHITECT i2000SR ® laboratory instruments and on its Alinity i system for the detection of an antibody to determine if someone was previously infected with the COVID-19 virus. The tests were launched under EUAs in the U.S. and CE Marks.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Other financing activities includes cash used to repurchase shares from employees sold to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested stock awards of $180 and $259 million in 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Net cash inflows from premium payments and settlements of capped call options for the purchase of UPS class B shares were $21 and $34 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
Except as disclosed in note 8 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, we do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on financial condition or liquidity. 
We have contractual obligations and commitments in the form of finance leases, operating leases, debt obligations, purchase commitments and certain other liabilities. We intend to satisfy these obligations primarily through the use of cash flow from operations. The following table summarizes the expected cash outflow to satisfy our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2019 (in millions):
