COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The captive receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company’s premium costs in selling, general and administrative expenses, in the consolidated statements of income. The captive participates in a reinsurance program that includes other third-party participants. The reinsurance agreement is one year in duration, and new agreements are entered into by each participant at their discretion at the commencement of the next calendar year. The participant agreements and practices of the reinsurance program limit a participating members’ individual risk. Income statement adjustments related to the reinsurance program and related impacts to the consolidated balance sheets are recognized as information becomes known. In the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company retains its primary obligation to the policyholders for prior activity. 
The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business. It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of fluctuations of foreign exchange on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company’s international subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. Some of these contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features that require settlement of outstanding 
contracts upon certain triggering events. At the end of 2019  and 2018 , the aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments in a net liability position and the amount needed to settle the instruments immediately if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered were immaterial. The aggregate notional amounts of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were $ 704  and $ 717  at the end of 2019  and 2018 , respectively. See Note 3  for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts at the end of 2019  and 2018 .

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the non-amortizable intangible assets impairment assessment is a critical audit matter are there was significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurement of the non-amortizable intangible assets. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures to evaluate management’s fair value estimates and significant assumptions, including estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the non-amortizable intangible assets impairment assessment, including controls over the determination of the fair values of the Company’s non-amortizable intangible assets as part of the annual impairment assessment. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for developing the fair value estimate; evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the valuation methods; and evaluating the significant assumptions used by management, including the estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to estimates of future sales and earnings growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the 
current and past performance of the non-amortizable intangible assets, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the Company’s valuation methods and certain significant assumptions, including the royalty rates and discount rates.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Policy changes, including potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act, or implementation of new health care legislation, could result in significant changes to the health care system. 
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information and financial information), is increasing. For example, the European Union has enacted stricter data protection laws, which took effect in 2018, that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering "data localization" laws, which limit companies' ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area. 
Governmental cost containment efforts also affect Abbott's nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.
