ALLSTATE CORP report:
For property insurance, risk evaluation factors can include, but are not limited to, the amount of insurance purchased; geographic location of the property; loss history; age, condition and construction characteristics of the property; and 
A combination of underwriting information, pricing and discounts are also used to achieve a more competitive position and growth. The pricing strategy involves local marketplace pricing and underwriting decisions based on risk evaluation factors and an evaluation of competitors to the extent permissible by applicable law. 
Pricing of property products is intended to establish risk-adjusted returns that are acceptable over a long-term period. Rate increases are pursued to keep pace with loss trends, including losses from catastrophic events and those that are weather-related (such as wind, hail, lightning and freeze not meeting our criteria to be declared a catastrophe). We also take into consideration potential customer disruption, the impact on our ability to market our products, regulatory limitations, our competitive position and profitability.

BOEING CO report:
As a percentage of total pension assets, derivative net notional amounts were 33.4 % and 8.3 % for fixed income, including to-be-announced mortgage-backed securities and treasury forwards, and ( 5.4 %) and 0.4 % for global equity and commodities at December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
I n November 2020, the Company contributed $ 3,000 of our common stock to the pension fund. An independent fiduciary was retained to manage and liquidate the stock over time at its discretion. Plan assets included $ 1,883 and $ 3,298 of our common stock as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
Risk Management In managing the pension assets, we review and manage risk associated with funded status risk, interest rate risk, market risk, counterparty risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. Liability matching and asset class diversification are central to our risk management approach and are integral to the overall investment strategy. Further, asset classes are constructed to achieve diversification by investment strategy, by investment manager, by industry or sector and by holding. Investment manager guidelines for publicly traded assets are specified and are monitored regularly through the custodian. Credit parameters for counterparties have been established for managers permitted to trade over-the-counter derivatives. Valuation is governed through several types of procedures, including reviews of manager valuation policies, custodian valuation processes, pricing vendor practices, pricing reconciliation and periodic, security-specific valuation testing.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2020, our remaining performance obligation was $30.8 billion. Our remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and includes unearned revenue, which has been invoiced and is recorded on the balance sheet, and unbilled amounts that are not recorded on the balance sheet, that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. 
We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our revolving loan credit agreement that provides for $1.0 billion unsecured financing ("Credit Facility") and unbilled amounts related to contracted non-cancelable subscription agreements, which is not reflected on the balance sheet, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. 
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, impacting our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments.
