ALLSTATE CORP report:
comprehensive review and interpretation of MCCA actuarial reports, other MCCA members’ reports and our personal injury protection loss trends which have increased in severity over time. A significant portion of incurred claim reserves can be attributed to a small number of catastrophic claims and thus a large portion of the recoverable is similarly concentrated. We conduct comprehensive claim file reviews to develop case reserve type estimates of specific claims, which inform our view of future claim development and longevity of claimants. Each year, we update the actuarial estimate of our ultimate reserves and recoverables. We report our paid and unpaid claims based on MCCA requirements. The MCCA develops its own reserving estimates based on its own reserve methodologies, which may not align with our estimations. The MCCA does not provide member companies with its estimate of a company’s claim costs. We continue to update each comprehensive claim file case reserve estimate when there is a significant change in the status of the claimant, or once every three years if there have been no significant changes. 
We provide similar personal injury protection coverage in New Jersey for auto policies issued or renewed in New Jersey prior to 1991 that is administered by PLIGA. We use similar actuarial estimating techniques as for the MCCA exposures to estimate loss reserves for unlimited personal injury protection coverage for policies covered by PLIGA. We continue to update our estimates for these claims as the status of claimant’s changes. However, unlimited coverage was no longer offered after 1991; therefore, no new claimants are being added. 
Reserve estimates are confidential and proprietary and by their nature are very complex to determine and subject to significant judgments. Reserve estimates do not represent an exact determination for each outstanding claim. Claims may be subject to litigation. As actual claims, paid losses and case reserve results emerge, our estimate of the ultimate cost to settle may be materially greater or less than previously estimated amounts.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In the event the Company is the deemed owner for accounting purposes during construction, the Company records assets and liabilities for the estimated construction costs incurred under build-to-suit lease arrangements to the extent it is involved in the construction of structural improvements or takes construction risk prior to commencement of a lease. 
The Company additionally has entered into subleases for unoccupied leased office space. To the extent there are losses associated with the sublease, they are recognized in the period the sublease is executed. Any sublease payments received in excess of the straight-line rent payments for the sublease are recorded as an offset to rent expense and recognized over the sublease life. 
The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to stock options and restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of four years .

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
To determine if goodwill is potentially impaired, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If we elect not to conduct the qualitative assessment or if indications of a potential impairment exist, the determination of whether an impairment has occurred requires the determination of the fair value of each the reporting unit being assessed. 
Under the qualitative assessment, we consider several qualitative factors, including the business enterprise value of the reporting unit from the last quantitative test and the excess of fair value over carrying value from this test, macroeconomic conditions (including changes in interest rates and discount rates), industry and market considerations (including industry revenue and EBITDA margin results, projections and recent merger and acquisition activity), the recent and projected financial performance of the reporting unit, as well as other factors. 
Under our quantitative assessment, the fair value of the reporting unit is calculated using a market approach and a discounted cash flow method, as a form of the income approach. The market approach includes the use of comparative multiples to corroborate discounted cash flow results. The discounted cash flow method is based on the present value of two components-projected cash flows and a terminal value. The terminal value represents the expected normalized future cash flows of the reporting unit beyond the cash flows from the discrete projection period. The fair value of the reporting unit is calculated based on the sum of the present value of the cash flows from the discrete period and the present value of the terminal value. The discount rate represented our estimate of the weighted-average cost of capital (WACC), or expected return, that a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date. The application of our goodwill impairment test required key assumptions underlying our valuation model. The discounted cash flow analysis factored in assumptions on discount rates and terminal growth rates to reflect risk profiles of key strategic revenue and cost initiatives, as well as revenue and EBITDA growth relative to history and market trends and expectations. The market multiples approach incorporated significant judgment involved in the selection comparable public company multiples and benchmarks. The selection of companies was influenced by differences in growth and profitability, and volatility in market prices of peer companies. These valuation inputs are inherently uncertain, and an adverse change in one or a combination of these inputs could trigger a goodwill impairment loss in the future.
