SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts and ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Training revenues are recognized as the services are performed. 
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, the Company considers the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, the Company has concluded that all of the professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
​ 
Equities that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per month, with a required 7 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Fixed income securities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly, with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.
Absolute return funds and commodities are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Investments in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 90 days . For approximately $ 235 million and $ 100 million of the absolute return funds, redemptions are subject to a 33 percent gate and a 25 percent gate, respectively, and $ 45 million is subject to a lock until 2022. For commodities, investments in the private energy funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2020 to 2022. Abbott’s unfunded commitments in these funds as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 were not significant. Investments in the private funds (excluding private energy funds) cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2020 to 2029. Abbott’s unfunded commitment in these funds was $ 571 million and $ 518 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
As of December 28, 2019 , after considering interest rate swaps that fixed the interest rate on $ 733 million of principal of the Initial Term Loan Facility described below, approximately 65 % of the Company’s total debt was at a floating rate. 
ABL Facility— On May 31, 2019, USF completed a refinancing of its asset based senior secured revolving credit facility with a new asset based senior secured revolving credit facility (the “ABL Facility”). The ABL Facility provides USF with loan commitments having a maximum aggregate principal amount of $ 1.6 billion . The ABL Facility includes subfacilities for the issuance of up to $ 800 million of letters of credit and up to $ 170 million of swing line loans. Extensions of credit under the ABL Facility are subject to availability under a borrowing base comprised of various specified percentages of the value of eligible accounts receivable, eligible inventory, eligible transportation equipment and certain unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, which also serve as collateral for borrowings under the ABL Facility. 
Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at USF's option, either the sum of an alternative base rate, as described under the ABL Facility, plus a margin ranging from 0.00 % to 0.50 % , or the sum of a London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus a margin ranging from 1.00 % to 1.50 % , in each case based on USF’s excess availability under the ABL Facility. The margin under the ABL Facility as of December 28, 2019 was 0.00 % for alternative base rate loans and 1.00 % for LIBOR loans. The ABL Facility also carries a commitment fee of 0.25 % per annum on the average unused amount of the commitments under the ABL Facility. The weighted-average interest rate on outstanding borrowings for the ABL Facility and our former asset based senior secured revolving credit facility was 2.63 % and 5.12 % for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively.
