ALLSTATE CORP report:
The MCCA indemnifies members as qualifying claims are paid and billed by members to the MCCA. Unlimited lifetime covered losses result in significant levels of ultimate incurred claim reserves being recorded by member companies along with offsetting indemnification recoverables. Disputes with claimants over coverage on certain reported claims can result in additional losses, which may be recoverable from the MCCA, excluding litigation expenses. 
The MCCA prepares statutory-basis financial statements in conformity with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the State of Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services (“MI DOI”). The MI DOI has granted the MCCA a statutory permitted practice that expires in 2019 to discount its liabilities for loss and loss adjustment expense. As of June 30, 2018 , the date of its most recent annual financial report, the MCCA had cash and invested 
New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association  PLIGA serves as the statutory administrator of the Unsatisfied Claim and Judgment Fund (“UCJF”), Workers’ Compensation Security Fund and the New Jersey Surplus Lines Insurance Guaranty Fund.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We are subject to various legal proceedings and risks globally in the course of our business, including claims, suits, and government investigations or proceedings involving competition, tax, labor and employment, environmental, commercial disputes, and other matters. Although we cannot accurately predict the amount of any liability that may ultimately arise with respect to any of these matters, we make provisions for potential liabilities when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. These provisions are based on current information and legal advice and are adjusted from time to time according to developments. We do not expect the outcome of these proceedings, net of established reserves, to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. However, due to their inherent uncertainty, there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of current or future litigation, proceedings, investigations or claims and it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in judgments, awards, fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. 
For a discussion of certain legal and tax matters relating to Argentina and Brazil, see Notes 14 - Income Taxes and 22 - Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  The following should be read in conjunction with "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements" and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

BOEING CO report:
We tested the effectiveness of controls including those over the data used in developing the estimates, the mathematical extrapolation of such data, and management’s judgment regarding the range of possible outcomes relating to the specific estimates. 
The introduction of new aircraft programs involves increased risk associated with meeting development, certification and production schedules. The Company uses program accounting in order to compute cost of sales and margin for each commercial airplane sold. The use of program accounting requires estimating and demonstrating customer demand for the number of units included in the program (program accounting quantity) and estimating the sales and costs over the expected life of each program. In particular, estimating the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units within the program accounting quantity involves measurement uncertainty resulting in a range of possible outcomes. Changes to revenue or 
program accounting quantity estimates could occur, resulting in lower margins or material reach-forward losses. Auditing the estimated market demand and revenue for unsold units for the 777X program involved extensive audit effort and required professionals with industry and quantitative analytics experience given the high degree of complexity and subjectivity related to management’s estimates.
