WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Principal payments on long-term debt reflect the repayment of our outstanding senior notes, at face value, assuming repayment will occur upon maturity. Interest payments on our outstanding senior notes are projected based on their contractual rate and maturity. 
We acquire satellite transponders and other equipment through multi-year capital lease arrangements. Principal payments on capital lease obligations reflect amounts due under our capital lease agreements. Interest payments on our outstanding capital lease obligations are based on the stated or implied rate in our capital lease agreements. 
We obtain office space and equipment under multi-year lease arrangements. Most operating leases are not cancelable prior to their expiration. Payments for operating leases represent the amounts due under the agreements assuming the agreements are not canceled prior to their expiration.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
During 2018, we realized higher net pricing, which was partially offset by increased input costs. Higher net pricing, which included the carryover impact of pricing actions taken in 2017 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2018, was reflected across all regions except Europe. The increase in input costs was driven by higher raw material costs, mostly offset by lower manufacturing costs due to productivity efforts. Higher raw material costs were primarily due to higher currency exchange transaction costs on imported materials, as well as higher packaging, dairy and energy, partially offset primarily by lower cocoa costs. Favorable volume/mix was driven by Europe and AMEA, which was partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in North America and Latin America. 
Total selling, general and administrative expenses increased $537 million from 2017, due to a number of factors noted in the table above, including in part, the impact from pension participation changes, lapping of prior-year benefits from the resolution of tax matters, lapping of a prior-year property insurance recovery, acquisition-related costs, remeasurement of net monetary position in Argentina, the impact of an acquisition and higher CEO transition remuneration. The increases were partially offset by favorable currency impact, lower implementation costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, lower divestiture-related costs, the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs, a value-added tax (“VAT”) related settlement in 2018, the impact of divestitures and the net benefit from the resolution of tax matters in 2018. Excluding these factors, selling, general and administrative expenses increased $83 million from 2017. The increase was driven by the year-over year net unfavorable change in miscellaneous other income and expense items within selling, general and administrative expenses and higher overhead costs, which more than offset lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. 
We recorded a benefit of $21 million from a VAT-related settlement in Latin America in 2018. We recorded a benefit of $27 million from an insurance recovery in AMEA in 2017. Unfavorable currency changes decreased operating income by $55 million due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, including the Brazilian real, Argentinean peso, Russian ruble and Turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro and British pound sterling.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Old Ocean Pipeline transports natural gas from an injection point on our Texas Intrastate System near Maypearl, Texas for delivery to a pipeline interconnect at Sweeny, Texas. A third party serves as operator of the pipeline, which has a gross natural gas transportation capacity of 160 MMcf/d and entered full service in January 2019.
 • The Central Treating Facility is located in Rio Blanco County, Colorado and serves producers in the Piceance Basin. Natural gas delivered to the treating facility is treated to remove impurities and transported to our Meeker gas plant for further processing.
Our natural gas marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of natural gas purchased from producers, regional natural gas processing facilities and on the open market. Our natural gas marketing customers include local gas distribution companies and electric utility plants. The results of operations from our natural gas marketing activities are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between natural gas sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our assets. In general, sales prices referenced in the underlying contracts are market-based and may include pricing differentials for factors such as delivery location.
