COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 52 Weeks Ended 52 Weeks Ended 52 Weeks Ended August 29, 2021 August 30, 2020 September 1, 2019 REVENUE Net sales $ 192,052   $ 163,220   $ 149,351   Membership fees 3,877   3,541   3,352   Total revenue 195,929   166,761   152,703   OPERATING EXPENSES Merchandise costs 170,684   144,939   132,886   Selling, general and administrative 18,461   16,332   14,994   Preopening expenses 76   55   86   Operating income 6,708   5,435   4,737   OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Interest expense ( 171 ) ( 160 ) ( 150 ) Interest income and other, net 143   92   178   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 6,680   5,367   4,765   Provision for income taxes 1,601   1,308   1,061   Net income including noncontrolling interests 5,079   4,059   3,704   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Diagnostic Products —Worldwide sales of diagnostic systems and tests for blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories and alternate-care testing sites. For segment reporting purposes, the Core Laboratories Diagnostics, Rapid Diagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Point of Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Diagnostic Products segment. 
Medical Devices — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care divisions are aggregated and reported as the Medical Devices segment.
Abbott's underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment’s assets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Lightning Platform.   Lightning Platform empowers Information Technology (“IT”), developers and business users with the industry's leading no-code to pro-code Platform-as-a-Service tools for building, securing, integrating and managing the business apps that power today's customer experiences. With the Lightning Platform, enterprises drive digital transformation at scale by building applications for any business need. Lightning Platform includes complete, intelligent analytics capabilities so customers can explore their business data, uncover new insights, make smarter decisions and take action from any device. Lightning Platform also includes Trailhead for Enablement, our free, gamified, interactive online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Salesforce Platform. Lightning Platform also includes our Heroku Engagement Platform, which enables developers to build, run and operate applications entirely in the cloud. 
Integration.   MuleSoft Anypoint Platform enables our customers to connect any system, application, data or device, whether in the cloud or on-premises, on a unified platform using application networks instead of inflexible custom code. By unlocking data across their enterprise, our customers can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Collaboration.  Quip Collaboration Platform combines documents, spreadsheets, apps, and chat with live CRM data to deliver a central hub for teams to create, collaborate and get work done. Built mobile-first, Quip breaks down communication barriers and silos to enable every business to collaborate online, offline and from almost any device.
