ALLSTATE CORP report:
Counterparty and cash collateral netting Total Assets Fixed income securities: U.S. government and agencies $ 2,061   $ 45   $ —   $ 2,106   Municipal —   7,562   17   7,579   Corporate - public —   21,885   67   21,952   Corporate - privately placed —   9,002   63   9,065   Foreign government —   958   —   958   ABS —   826   79   905   Total fixed income securities 2,061   40,278   226   42,565   Equity securities 2,468   396   304   3,168   Short-term investments 6,549   223   35   6,807   Other investments —   29   —   $ ( 9 ) 20   Other assets 1   —   —   1   Assets held for sale 6,488   23,103   267   ( 6 ) 29,852   Total recurring basis assets 17,567   64,029   832   ( 15 ) 82,413   Total assets at fair value $ 17,567   $ 64,029   $ 832   $ ( 15 ) $ 82,413   % of total assets at fair value 21.3   % 77.7   % 1.0   % —   % 100.0   % Investments reported at NAV 1,062   Assets held for sale at NAV 762   Total $ 84,237   Liabilities Other liabilities $ —   $ ( 34 ) $ —   $ 18   $ ( 16 ) Liabilities held for sale —   ( 119 ) ( 516 ) 9   ( 626 ) Total recurring basis liabilities —   ( 153 ) ( 516 ) 27   ( 642 ) Total liabilities at fair value $ —   $ ( 153 ) $ ( 516 ) $ 27   $ ( 642 ) % of total liabilities at fair value —   % 23.8   % 80.4   % ( 4.2 ) % 100.0   %  
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Level 3 fair value measurements of fixed income securities total $ 144 million and $ 226 million, respectively, and include $ 41 million and $ 69 million, respectively, of securities valued based on non-binding broker quotes where the inputs have not been corroborated to be market observable and $ 16 million and $ 18 million, respectively, of municipal fixed income securities that are not rated by third-party credit rating agencies. As the Company does not develop the Level 3 fair value 
unobservable inputs for these fixed income securities, they are not included in the table above. However, an increase (decrease) in credit spreads for fixed income securities valued based on non-binding broker quotes would result in a lower (higher) fair value, and an increase (decrease) in the credit rating of municipal bonds that are not rated by third-party credit rating agencies would result in a higher (lower) fair value.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The unearned revenue balance on our consolidated  balance sheets does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations ("Remaining Performance Obligation") represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms and foreign currency exchange rates. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance obligation is typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increases if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining performance obligations attributable to a particular subscription agreement are often associated with an impending renewal and may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. 
Cost of subscription and support revenues primarily consists of expenses related to delivering our service and providing support, the costs of data center capacity, depreciation or operating lease expense associated with computer equipment and software, allocated overhead, amortization expense associated with capitalized software related to our services and acquired developed technologies and certain fees paid to various third parties for the use of their technology, services and data. We allocate overhead such as IT infrastructure, rent, and occupancy charges based on headcount. Employee benefit costs and taxes are allocated based upon a percentage of total compensation expense. As such, general overhead expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category. Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, including stock-based expenses, the cost of subcontractors, certain third-party fees and allocated overhead. The cost of providing professional services is higher as a percentage of the related revenue than for our enterprise cloud computing subscription service due to the direct labor costs and costs of subcontractors. 
We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services. For example, we have invested in additional database software and hardware and we plan to increase the capacity that we are able to offer globally through data centers and third-party infrastructure providers. In addition, we intend to continue to invest additional resources in enhancing our cyber security measures. As we acquire new businesses and technologies, the amortization expense associated with the purchase of acquired developed technology will be included in cost of revenues. Additionally, as we enter into new contracts with third parties for the use of their technology, services or data, or as our sales volume grows, the fees paid to use such technology or services may increase. Finally, we expect the cost of professional services to be approximately in line with revenues from professional services as we believe this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. The timing of these additional expenses will affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in the affected periods.

BOEING CO report:
General information about us can be found at www.boeing.com. The information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding SEC registrants, including Boeing. 
This report, as well as our annual report to shareholders, quarterly reports, and other filings we make with the SEC, press and earnings releases and other written and oral communications, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “may,” “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “projects,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “targets,” “anticipates” and similar expressions generally identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future financial condition and operating results, as well as any other statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. 
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable when made, but that may not prove to be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many factors, including those set forth in the “Risk Factors” section below and other important factors disclosed in this report and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC, could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
