BOEING CO report:
Lease and financing revenue arrangements are included in Sales of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For sales-type/finance leases, we record financing receivables at lease inception. A financing receivable is recorded at the aggregate of future minimum lease payments, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and deferred incremental direct costs less unearned income. Income is recognized over the life of the lease to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. Income recognition is generally suspended for financing receivables at the date full recovery of income and principal becomes not probable. Income is recognized when financing receivables become contractually current and performance is demonstrated by the customer . Residual values, which are reviewed periodically, represent the estimated amount we expect to receive at lease termination from the disposition of the leased equipment. Actual residual values realized could differ from these estimates. Declines in estimated residual value that are deemed other-than-temporary are recognized in the period in which the declines occur. 
For operating leases, revenue on leased aircraft and equipment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Operating lease assets, included in Customer financing, are recorded at cost and depreciated over the period that we project we will hold the asset to an estimated residual value, using the straight-line method. We periodically review our estimates of residual value and recognize forecasted changes by prospectively adjusting depreciation expense. 
For notes receivable, notes are recorded net of any unamortized discounts and deferred incremental direct costs. Interest income and amortization of any discounts are recorded ratably over the related term of the note.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
the annual adjustment of the contract’s attachment and exhaustion levels within specified limits. The variable reset option requires a premium adjustment. The contract does not include a reinstatement of limits. 
To summarize the order of operations and inuring protection for the seventh layer for an occurrence loss, for losses below $ 3.40 billion , the portion of the seventh layer placed in the traditional market would not be enacted. Once the sixth layer is exhausted, the co-participation of 5 % would apply and then the 2019-1 Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance contract and Wrap Fill contract, dependent on the subject business contributing to the per occurrence loss. For losses greater than the $ 3.40 billion retention, the portions of the seventh layer placed in the traditional market would apply first as they inure to the benefit of the portions of the seventh layer placed in the ILS market. This would be followed by the co-participation of 5 % , the 2019-1 Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract, the Wrap Fill, and the 2017-1 Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract, dependent on the per occurrence loss. 
Layer 8 – Per Occurrence Excess Agreement – Gap Fill Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract provides a $ 219 million limit in excess of a $ 2.75 billion retention, is 100 % placed in the traditional market, and expires May 31, 2020. The contract provides additional gap coverage as the layer shifts down to the $ 2.75 billion retention level as lower layers are exhausted. A retention co-participation of 5 % for a layer of $ 1.61 billion in excess of $ 2.75 billion is deemed in place and inures to the benefit of this contract. Recoveries from contracts in layers six and seven inure to the benefit of this contract, as this multiple peril contract provides coverage for perils and subject business not reinsured in portions of layers seven. While all inuring contracts are fully in place, this contract would begin to cover an occurrence subject loss in excess of $ 4.13 billion . This contract does not include a reinstatement of limits.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Each convertible preference share automatically converted into 1.2846 common shares of the Company on the Conversion Date and cash was paid in lieu of fractional common shares of the Company. There were 6,898,268 convertible preference shares issued and outstanding prior to the conversion, which resulted in the issuance of 8,861,515 new common shares of the Company. Additionally, during the first quarter of 2022, prior to the conversion, 1,415 convertible preference shares were voluntarily converted by preference shareholders into 1,816 common shares. As a result of the conversions, no convertible preference shares are issued or outstanding, and all rights of the former holders of the convertible preference shares terminated as of March 23, 2022. 
Share repurchase program - During October 2021, our Board of Directors approved a new program for the repurchase of up to $500 million of our issued and outstanding common shares. The program has no expiration date. Under this program, 2,109,115 common shares were repurchased for $200 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, $300 million remains outstanding for repurchases under the program. 
Our cash flows from operations vary depending on, among other items, the market prices and timing of the purchase and sale of our inventories. Generally, during periods when commodity prices are rising, our Agribusiness operations require increased use of cash to support working capital to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to minimize price risk related to the purchase and sale of our inventories.
