ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Neuromodulation – Development of clinical evidence and next-generation technologies leveraging digital health to support improved patient clinical outcomes, physician engagement, and expanded indications in the treatment of chronic pain, movement disorders and other indications. 
• Diabetes Care – Develop enhancements and additional indications for the FreeStyle Libre platform of continuous glucose monitoring products to help patients improve their ability to manage diabetes and for use beyond diabetes. 
Nutritionals — Abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric and adult nutrition areas: gastrointestinal/immunity health, brain health, mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. Numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.

SALESFORCE INC report:
There were no  outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of January 31, 2019 . The Company continues to pay a commitment fee on the available amount of the Credit Facility, which is included within interest expense in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 
As of January 31, 2019  and January 31, 2018 , $76 million  and $63 million , respectively, was withheld on behalf of employees for future purchases under the ESPP and is recorded in accrued compensation. 
The Company estimated its future stock price volatility considering both its observed option-implied volatilities and its historical volatility calculations. Management believes this is the best estimate of the expected volatility over the expected life of its stock options and stock purchase rights.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Gains and losses on the interest rate swaps are initially recorded in accumulated o ther comprehensive loss and reclassified to interest expense during the period in which the hedged transaction affects income. The following table presents the effect of the Company’s interest rate swaps in its Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended   December 29, 2018   and December 30, 2017 :   
Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features— The interest rate swap agreements contain a provision whereby the Company could be declared in default on its hedging obligations if more than $75 million  of the Company’s other indebtedness is accelerated. As of December 29, 2018 , none of our indebtedness was accelerated. 
As discussed in Note 5, Business Acquisitions, contingent consideration may be paid under an earnout arrangement in connection with a business acquisition in the event certain operating results are achieved during a defined post-closing period. The amount included in the above table for fiscal year 2017 , classified under Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy, represents the estimated fair value of the earnout liability for the respective period. This earnout liability was settled in fiscal year 2018 . We estimated the fair value of the earnout liability based on financial projections of the acquired businesses and estimated probability of achievement. Changes in fair value resulting from changes in the estimated amount of contingent consideration are included in distribution, selling and administrative costs in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
