WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Goodwill is allocated to our reporting units, which are our operating segments or one level below our operating segments (the component level). Reporting units are determined by the discrete financial information available for the component and whether it is regularly reviewed by segment management. Components are aggregated into a single reporting unit if they share similar economic characteristics. Our reporting units are as follows: U.S. Networks, Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific. 
We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 or earlier upon the occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization. If we believe that as a result of our qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is required. The quantitative impairment test requires significant judgment in determining the fair value of the reporting units. We determine the fair value of our reporting units by using a combination of the income approach, which incorporates the use of the discounted cash flow (“DCF”) method and the market multiple approach, which incorporates the use of EBITDA multiples based on market data. For the DCF method, we use projections specific to the reporting unit, as well as those based on general economic conditions, which require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Determining fair value specific to each reporting unit requires the Company to exercise judgment when selecting the appropriate discount rates, control premiums, terminal growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, including revenue growth rates and profit margins. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for each reporting unit are based on the reporting unit's budget, long range plan, and recent operating performance. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and market conditions. 
During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units and it determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of those reporting units exceeded their carrying values, therefore, no quantitative goodwill impairment analysis was performed

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Interest rates on existing and future credit facilities and future debt offerings could be significantly higher than current levels, causing our financing costs to increase accordingly. Although increased financing costs could limit our ability to raise funds in 
Inflation in the United States has been relatively low in recent years and has not had a material effect on our results of operations. It may in the future, however, increase the cost to acquire or replace property, plant and equipment and may increase the costs of labor and supplies. Our operating revenues and costs are influenced to a greater extent by commodity price changes. To the extent permitted by competition, regulation and our existing agreements, we have and will continue to pass along a portion of increased costs to our customers in the form of higher fees. 
Market risk includes the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. We face market risk from commodity variations, risk and interest rate variations, and to a lesser extent, credit risks. From time to time, we may utilize derivative financial instruments as described below to manage our exposure to such risks.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Lastly, as U.S. crude oil production increased, these new domestic barrels continue to supplant more of the U.S.’s crude oil imports, while the remainder are exported to international markets in Central and South America, Asia and Western Europe where the lighter U.S. crudes are used as feedstock in their refining and petrochemical facilities. We expect U.S. refiners to continue to operate at high rates as a result of steady U.S. demand and growing exports of refined products. We believe that our marine terminals and related storage and pipeline infrastructure that handle crude oil, refined products and petrochemicals are strategically located to meet the concurrent needs of export and import customers. We have significant export capabilities, with expansion potential, on the Houston Ship Channel, Beaumont, Freeport and Texas City, Texas.
In July 2019, we announced long-term agreements with Chevron that support the development of SPOT in the Gulf of Mexico. SPOT is designed to load VLCCs at rates of approximately 85,000 barrels per hour. Construction of SPOT remains subject to obtaining the required approvals and licenses from the federal Maritime Administration, which is currently reviewing our SPOT application. SPOT would provide customers with an integrated export solution that leverages our extensive supply, storage and distribution network along the Gulf Coast, with access to approximately 6 MMBbls of crude oil supply and more than 300 MMBbls of storage based on our estimates.
Polymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS Chemical, a division of IHS Inc. (“IHS Chemical”). Refinery grade propylene prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS Chemical.
