ALLSTATE CORP report:
Return on average common shareholders’ equity For the twelve months ended December 31, 2019 , net income applicable to common shareholders’ return on the average of beginning and ending period common shareholders’ equity of 21.7% increased by 11.7 points from 10.0% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 , primarily due to higher net income applicable to common shareholders, partially offset by an increase in average common shareholders’ equity. 
Pension and other postretirement measurement gains and losses Pension and other postretirement measurement losses were $114 million in 2019 compared to losses of $468 million in 2018 . The decrease was primarily related to favorable asset performance compared to the expected return on plan assets, partially offset by a decrease in the discount rate used to value the liabilities. See Note 17 of the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
Overview Property-Liability operations consist of two reportable segments: Allstate Protection and Discontinued Lines and Coverages. These segments are consistent with the groupings of financial information that management uses to evaluate performance and to determine the allocation of resources.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our primary network technology platform is 4G LTE, which provides higher data throughput performance for data services at a lower cost compared to that offered by 3G technologies. In addition, over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services.   
Our 4G LTE network is available in approximately 500 markets covering approximately 331 million people, including those in areas served by our LTE in Rural America partners. Under this program, we have collaborated with wireless carriers in rural areas to build and operate a 4G LTE network using each carrier’s network assets and our core 4G LTE equipment and 700 megahertz (MHz) C Block and Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) spectrum. We currently have 21 LTE in Rural America partners that provide 4G LTE coverage to an area covering approximately three million people. 
We consider the reliability, coverage and speed of our wireless network as key factors for our continued success and we strive to provide our customers with the highest network reliability for their wireless services. We believe that steady and consistent network and platform investments provide the foundation for innovative products and services that will fuel profitable growth.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2021, our portfolio consisted of investments in over 280 companies, with capital investments ranging from less than $0.3 million to approximately $335 million, and 40 investments with carrying values individually equal to or in excess of approximately $10 million. As of January 31, 2021, we held one publicly traded investment with a carrying value that was approximately 35 percent of our total strategic investments, one publicly traded investment with a carrying value that was greater than 15 percent of our total strategic investments, and one privately held investment with a carrying value greater than five percent of our strategic investment portfolio. 
The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment portfolio as of January 31, 2021 and excludes exited investments (in millions): 
We anticipate additional volatility to our consolidated statements of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments to our investments. These changes could be material based on market conditions and events. While historically our investment portfolio has had a positive impact on our financial results, that may not be true for future periods, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations that affect our equity securities within our strategic investments portfolio. Volatility in the global market conditions, including recent and ongoing volatility related to the impacts of COVID-19 and related public health measures, may impact our investment portfolio and our financial results may fluctuate from historical results and expectations.
