BOEING CO report:
Cash equivalents and other short-term investments (which are used to pay benefits) are held in a separate account which consists of a commingled fund (with daily liquidity) and separately held short-term securities and cash equivalents. All of the investments in this cash vehicle are valued daily using a market approach with inputs that include quoted market prices for similar instruments. In the event a market price is not available for instruments with an original maturity of one year or less, amortized cost is used as a proxy for fair value. Common and preferred stock equity securities are primarily valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices of identical instruments. 
Private equity and private debt NAV valuations are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows and market based comparable data. For those investments reported on a one-quarter lagged basis (primarily LPs) we use NAVs, adjusted for subsequent cash flows and significant events. 
Real estate and real asset NAVs are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. For those investments reported on a one-quarter lagged basis (primarily LPs), NAVs are adjusted for subsequent cash flows and significant events. Publicly traded REITs and infrastructure stocks are valued using a market approach based on quoted market prices of identical instruments. Exchange-traded commodities futures positions are reported in accordance with changes in daily variation margin which is settled daily and therefore reflected in the payables and receivables portion of the table.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of Cost of goods sold. If we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as Inventories and Unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and Cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income, respectively, could differ. Additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as Inventories, Unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and Cost of goods sold could differ. See Note 16- Fair Value Measurements to our consolidated financial statements for further details of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories carried at fair value. 
We manage currency risk on certain forecasted purchases, sales and selling, general and administrative expenses with currency forwards designated as cash flow hedges. Assuming normal market conditions, the change in the market value of such derivative instruments has historically been, and is expected to continue to be, highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item. Gains and losses arising from open and closed hedging transactions are deferred in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of applicable income taxes, and recognized as a component of earnings in the statement of consolidated income in the same caption as the hedged items when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. If it is determined that the derivative hedging instruments are no longer effective at offsetting changes in the price of the hedged item, then the changes in the market value of the derivative instrument would be recorded immediately in the consolidated statements of income in the same caption as the hedged items. See Note 17- Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities to our consolidated financial statements for further details and impacts of cash flow hedges on the consolidated financial statements. 
When we acquire a business, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. Determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market participants, projected growth rates, the amounts and timing of future cash flows, the discount rates applied to the cash flows, and the determination of useful life of an asset.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
In any reporting period, loss experience from catastrophic events and weather-related losses may contribute to negative or positive underwriting performance relative to the expectations incorporated into product pricing. 
Property catastrophe exposure is managed with the goal of providing shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in the property business. Catastrophe exposure management includes purchasing reinsurance to provide coverage for known exposure to hurricanes, earthquakes and fires following earthquakes, wildfires and other catastrophes. Our current catastrophe reinsurance program supports our risk tolerance framework that targets less than a 1% likelihood of annual aggregate catastrophe losses from hurricanes and earthquakes, excluding other catastrophe losses and, net of reinsurance, exceeding $2 billion. 
The use of different assumptions and updates to industry models and to our risk transfer program could materially change the projected loss. Growth strategies include areas where we believe diversification can be enhanced and an appropriate return can be earned for the risk. As a result, our modeled exposure may increase, but in aggregate remain lower than $2 billion as noted above. In addition, we have exposure to other severe weather events and wildfires, which impact catastrophe losses.
