MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
A number of external factors such as weather conditions, commodity market conditions, currency fluctuations and the effects of governmental agricultural or other programs affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We use hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. 
While the costs of our principal raw materials fluctuate, we believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available from numerous sources. For additional information on our commodity costs, refer to the Commodity Trends section within Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
We own numerous trademarks and patents in many countries around the world. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are for renewable, fixed terms. We also have patents for a number of current and potential products. Our patents cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Under the terms of the new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, EPO may borrow up to $2.0 billion (which may be increased by up to $200 million to $2.2 billion at EPO’s election, provided certain conditions are met) at a variable interest rate for a term of up to 364 days, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. To the extent that principal amounts are outstanding at the maturity date, EPO may elect to have the entire principal balance then outstanding continued as a non-revolving term loan for a period of one additional year, payable in September 2020. Borrowings under this revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general company purposes. 
The new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants (affirmative and negative) and events of default, the occurrence of which would permit the lenders to accelerate the maturity date of any amounts borrowed under this credit agreement. The credit agreement also restricts EPO’s ability to pay cash distributions to its parent, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., if an event of default (as defined in the credit agreement) has occurred and is continuing at the time such distribution is scheduled to be paid or would result therefrom. 
In June 2018, EPO increased the aggregate principal amount of short-term notes that it could issue (and have outstanding at any time) under its commercial paper program from $2.5 billion to $3.0 billion. The commercial paper program enables us to access typically lower short-term interest rates, which allows us to manage working capital and our overall cost of capital. As a back-stop to the commercial paper program, we intend to maintain a minimum available borrowing capacity under EPO’s Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility equal to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of EPO’s commercial paper notes. All commercial paper notes issued under the program are senior unsecured obligations of EPO that are unconditionally guaranteed by Enterprise Products Partners L.P. At December 31, 2018, we had no commercial paper notes outstanding.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our land segment primarily consists of land fuel distribution in the U.S. and the U.K., further complemented by our expansion into energy advisory, brokerage and fulfillment solutions with respect to power, natural gas and other energy products. We also offer sustainability consulting, renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management brand. Due to the diverse portfolio of customers, businesses and activities within our land segment, the COVID-19 related impacts are more difficult to predict. For example, during the second quarter of 2020, our operating results in our land segment benefited from improvements in the U.K. However, this increase was largely offset by a decline in profitability in North America, primarily due to a decrease in sales to retail, commercial and industrial customers in connection with the continued negative impacts of the pandemic, particularly throughout much of the U.S. The extent of any improvements in these activities will continue to be dependent on the timing and extent to which quarantine restrictions are lifted and local business activities fully reopen. Furthermore, for the same reasons as those described in the aviation segment, we have experienced a material decline in demand in our government business since the end of the first quarter of 2020 and may continue to experience further reductions in demand into 2021. 
Overall, throughout 2019 and into early 2020, higher average fuel prices, combined with our focus on reshaping our portfolio and cost management, improved profitability in our marine segment. In addition, the implementation of the International Maritime Organization's mandatory low sulfur regulations that took effect on January 1, 2020 ("IMO 2020") resulted in certain supply imbalances and price volatility in late 2019 and through much of the first quarter of 2020 that positively impacted our operating results in those periods. However, beginning in the latter part of the first quarter of 2020 and throughout the balance of 2020, we experienced a decline in volume and profitability primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic coupled with the significant decline in fuel prices. We expect our marine segment’s volume and profitability to continue to be impacted by the pandemic into 2021, particularly with respect to weakened demand from cruise lines and certain other sectors of the shipping industry, as well as lower fuel prices. 
With respect to our own operations, we have implemented our business continuity and emergency response plans in alignment with mandates from local authorities. To ensure the safety of our employees who are continuing to work, we have provided instructions on how to work safely in light of the pandemic and elevated our cleaning protocols for our offices, facilities and equipment. We are maximizing remote work throughout our global offices and our employees are collaborating virtually with our customers, suppliers and each other using the information-sharing tools and technology that we have invested in during the last several years.
