ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Following this exchange, approximately $194.2 million of existing St. Jude Medical notes remained outstanding across the five series of existing notes which have the same coupons and maturities as those listed above. There were no significant costs associated with the exchange of debt. In addition, during the 
On January 4, 2017, as part of funding the cash portion of the St. Jude Medical acquisition, Abbott borrowed $2.0 billion under a 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility. This facility was repaid during the first quarter of 2017. 
In 2017, Abbott issued 364-day yen-denominated debt, of which $199 million and $195 million was outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In 2017, Abbott also paid off a $479 million yen-denominated short-term borrowing during the year.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The upstream energy industry, including major oil companies, continues to shift resources to shale supply basins. We believe that U.S. shale resources provide attractive economic benefits to producers due to their low risk and short lead time production profiles. Domestic shale resources will continue to play a key role in both U.S. and global markets, further supporting that the U.S. is a major oil supplier on par with the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) and Russia. 
During most of 2018, international energy commodity markets were supported as demand for crude oil was strong due to expanding global economic activity, while crude oil supplies were viewed as balanced and maintained through a regime of prescriptive supply cuts by OPEC and Russia. As a result crude oil prices improved significantly: WTI averaged $50.86 per barrel in 2017 and rose to $76.41 by early October 2018. Meanwhile, U.S. oil production rose steadily during that period averaging 9.4 MMBPD in 2017 and reached a record 11.8 MMBPD by December 2018. Likewise, U.S. production of NGLs averaged 3.8 MMBPD in 2017 and increased to 4.7 MMBPD by November 2018, a new record as well. U.S. crude oil and NGL production was expected to average 10.9 MMBPD and 4.4 MBPD, respectively, in 2018. 
However, beginning in October 2018, signs of weakness began emerging in global energy markets due to perceived overproduction of crude oil and NGLs in the U.S. The impact of trade wars between the U.S., China and other developed economies, along with potential signs of economic slowdown in many developing economies, started eroding confidence in global demand. Also, there was uncertainty regarding how U.S. sanctions on Iran would be administered and their effect on Iranian oil exports. As a result, WTI oil prices tumbled from the high of $76.41 per barrel in early October 2018 to end the year at $45.41 per barrel, a decline of 41%. WTI prices averaged $64.90 per barrel for all of 2018.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
