WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Deferred revenue consists of cash received for television advertising for which the guaranteed viewership has not been provided, product licensing arrangements in which fee collections are in excess of the license value provided, and advanced fees received related to the sublicensing of Olympic rights. The amounts classified as current are expected to be earned within the next year. 
Payment terms vary by the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer types, the Company requires payment before the products or services are delivered to the customer. 
The Company has incentive plans under which performance-based restricted stock units (“PRSUs”), service-based restricted stock units (“RSUs”), stock options, and stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) are issued. In addition, the Company offers an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"). Share-based compensation expense for all awards is recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative expense. Forfeitures for all awards are recognized as incurred. Excess tax benefits realized from the exercise of stock options and vested RSUs, PRSUs and the ESPP are reported as cash inflows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In December 2014, Seaway submitted an application requesting market-based rate setting authority. Certain parties filed protests to the application. In September 2015, the FERC issued an order setting the matter for hearing. In December 2016, an administrative law judge issued an initial decision in the market-based rate proceeding (“2016 Initial Decision”) finding that the FERC should grant Seaway’s application for market-based rates. In May 2018, the FERC issued an order affirming the initial decision’s finding that Seaway lacks market power in the applicable markets, thereby granting Seaway market-based rate authority. 
In October 2016, the FERC sought comments regarding potential modifications to its policies for evaluating changes in oil pipeline indexed rates and the associated reporting requirements. The FERC observed that some pipelines continue to obtain additional index rate increases despite reporting on Form No. 6 that their revenues exceed their costs. The FERC is proposing a new policy that would deny proposed index increases if a pipeline’s Form No. 6 reflects (i) revenues that exceed the total cost-of-service by 15% for the two preceding years or (ii) the proposed increase in the rate index exceeds the percentage change in the pipeline’s annual costs by 5%. The FERC is also considering requiring pipelines to file additional information for crude and refined product pipelines, non-contiguous systems and major pipeline systems. Comments on these proposals were filed with the FERC through March 2017; however, the FERC has taken no position at this time and we are unable to predict the outcome of this proceeding. 
In March 2018, the FERC issued a Revised Policy Statement on the Treatment of Income Taxes (the “Revised Policy”). The Revised Policy reversed a 13-year old policy that permitted a pipeline owned by a master limited partnership (“MLP”) to recover an income tax allowance (“ITA”) in its cost-of-service rates, if it could demonstrate that the ultimate owners of the pipeline (i.e., the unitholders of the MLP) have an actual or potential income tax liability. In July 2018, the FERC, in an Order on Rehearing, decided to provide pipeline MLPs the opportunity to argue for inclusion of an ITA in cost-of-service rates on a case-by-case basis, as opposed to having no opportunity to recover an ITA. Two third parties filed petitions for review of the Revised Policy and Order on Rehearing in the D.C. Circuit in September 2018. We are unable to predict the outcome of these pending petitions for review.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• Acquisitions – In connection with our 2022 acquisitions, we recorded $ 1.0 billion to goodwill and $ 1.7 billion to intangible assets for Clif Bar, $ 795 million to goodwill and $ 734 million to intangible assets for Chipita, and $ 714 million to goodwill and $ 557 million to intangible assets for Ricolino as part of purchase accounting. In connection with our 2021 acquisitions of Gourmet Food, Grenade and the remaining interest 
• Held for Sale - During the fourth quarter of 2022, we agreed to sell our gum business in North America and Europe. As a result, we reclassified $ 292 million of goodwill and $ 671 million of intangible assets to held for sale. See Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for additional information. 
In 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no goodwill impairments and each of our reporting units had sufficient fair value in excess of its carrying value. While all reporting units passed our annual impairment testing, if planned business performance expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then the estimated fair values of a reporting unit or reporting units might decline and lead to a goodwill impairment in the future.
