MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(9) In connection with our applying highly inflationary accounting (refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ), for Argentina (beginning in the third quarter of 2018) and Türkiye (beginning in the second quarter of 2022), we exclude the related remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities denominated in the local currency to the U.S. dollar during the periods presented to be consistent with our prior accounting for these remeasurement gains/losses for Venezuela when it was subject to highly inflationary accounting prior to deconsolidation in 2015. 
(10) We exclude unrealized gains and losses (mark-to-market impacts) from outstanding commodity and forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivative from our non-GAAP earnings measures. The mark-to-market impacts of commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives are excluded until such time that the related exposures impact our operating results. Since we purchase commodity and forecasted currency transaction contracts to mitigate price volatility primarily for inventory requirements in future periods, we make this adjustment to remove the volatility of these future inventory purchases on current operating results to facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating performance across periods. We exclude equity method investment transaction derivative contract settlements as they represent protection of value for future divestitures. 
(12) In February 2022, Russia began a military invasion of Ukraine and we stopped our production and closed our facilities in Ukraine. We began to incur incremental costs directly related to the war including asset impairments, such as property and inventory losses, higher expected allowances for uncollectible accounts receivable and committed compensation. We have isolated and exclude these costs and related impacts from our operating results to facilitate evaluation and comparisons of our ongoing results. Incremental costs related to increasing operations in other primarily European facilities are not included with these costs.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2019, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $ 68 million of tax expense resulting from tax legislation enacted in the fourth quarter of 2019 in India. In 2018, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $ 98 million of net tax expense related to the settlement of Abbott’s 2014-2016 federal income tax audit in the U.S., partial settlement of the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group’s 2014 and 2015 federal income tax returns in the U.S. and audit settlements in various countries. In 2017, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $ 435 million of tax expense related to the gain on the sale of the AMO business.
Undistributed foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable. In the U.S., Abbott’s federal income tax returns through 2016 are settled except for the federal income tax returns of the former Alere consolidated group which are settled through 2015 and the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group which are settled through 2013. There are numerous other income tax jurisdictions for which tax returns are not yet settled, none of which are individually significant. Reserves for interest and penalties are not significant.
The following table summarizes the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits without regard to reduction in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such unrecognized tax benefits were settled:

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We have registered the trademarks US Foods ® , Food Fanatics ®  and Chef’Store ®  in connection with our overall US Foods brand strategy and our retail outlets. We have also registered or applied for trademark protection in the U.S. for the following brands in our brand portfolio: 
We purchase from approximately 5,000  individual suppliers, none of which accounted for more than 5% of our aggregate purchases in fiscal year 2018 . Our suppliers generally are large corporations selling national brand name and private brand products. Additionally, regional and local suppliers support targeted geographic initiatives and private label programs requiring regional and local distribution. We generally negotiate supplier agreements on a centralized basis. 
Our operations and strategic objectives require continuing capital investment, and our resources include cash provided by operations, as well as access to capital from bank borrowings and other types of debt and financing arrangements. See discussion in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding our liquidity and capital resources.
