WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The full extent of COVID-19’s effects on our operations and results is not yet known and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity and the extent of future surges of COVID-19, vaccine distribution and other actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, among others. We will continue to monitor COVID-19 and its impact on our business results and financial condition. The consolidated financial statements set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect management’s latest estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods presented. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates and assumptions. 
The impact of exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons of our results. For example, our international revenues are favorably impacted as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis (ex-FX), in addition to results reported in accordance with GAAP provides useful information about our operating performance because the presentation ex-FX excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility and highlights our core operating results. The presentation of results on a constant currency basis should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP. 
The ex-FX change represents the percentage change on a period-over-period basis adjusted for foreign currency impacts. The ex-FX change is calculated as the difference between the current year amounts translated at a baseline rate, which is a spot rate for each of our currencies determined early in the fiscal year as part of our forecasting process (the “2021 Baseline Rate”), and the prior year amounts translated at the same 2021 Baseline Rate. In addition, consistent with the assumption of a constant currency environment, our ex-FX results exclude the impact of our foreign currency hedging activities, as well as realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses. Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Investments attributable to sustaining capital projects increased $113.7 million year-to-year primarily due to the cost of major maintenance activities performed during the year ended December 31, 2021 at certain of our reaction-based plants (PDH 1, octane enhancement and HPIB facilities). These costs accounted for $106.3 million of the year-to-year increase in sustaining capital investments. For reaction-based plants, we use the deferral method when accounting for major maintenance activities. Under the deferral method, major maintenance costs are capitalized and amortized over the period until the next major overhaul project. We adopted the deferral method for our reaction-based plants in November 2020. Historically, the costs of major maintenance activities attributable to our reaction-based facilities, principally our octane enhancement assets, were not material to our consolidated financial statements.
At December 31, 2021, the average maturity of EPO’s consolidated debt obligations was approximately 20.7 years. The following table presents the scheduled maturities of principal amounts of EPO’s consolidated debt obligations and associated estimated cash payments for interest at December 31, 2021 for the years indicated (dollars in millions):
Estimated cash payments for interest are based on the principal amount of our consolidated debt obligations outstanding at December 31, 2021, the contractually scheduled maturities of such balances, and the applicable interest rates. Our estimated cash payments for interest are influenced by the long-term maturities of our $2.65 billion in junior subordinated notes (due June 2067 through February 2078). The estimated cash payments assume that (i) the junior subordinated notes are not repaid prior to their respective maturity dates and (ii) the amount of interest paid on the junior subordinated notes is based on either (a) the current fixed interest rate charged or (b) the weighted-average variable rate paid in 2021, as applicable, for each note through the respective maturity date.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
During 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal liability from our most individually significant multiemployer pension plan. On July 11, 2019, we received an undiscounted withdrawal liability assessment from the Fund totaling $526 million requiring pro-rata monthly payments over 20 years through 2039. See Note 11, Benefit Plans , for additional information on our multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liability. 
Other long-term liabilities in the table above include the long-term liabilities and any current portion of these obligations. We have included the estimated future benefit payments for our postretirement health care plans through December 31, 2029 of $198 million. We are unable to reliably estimate the timing of the payments beyond 2029 ; as such, they are excluded from the above table. There are also another $1 million of various other long-term liabilities that are expected to be paid over the next 5 years. In addition, the following long-term liabilities included on the consolidated balance sheet are excluded from the table above: accrued pension costs, unrecognized tax benefits, insurance accruals and other accruals. As of December 31, 2019 , our unrecognized tax benefit, including associated interest and penalties, classified as a long-term payable is $507 million . We currently expect to make approximately $246 million in contributions to our pension plans in 2020 . 
Between 2013 and 2017, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of a total of $13.7 billion of our Common Stock through December 31, 2018. On January 31, 2018, our Finance Committee, with authorization delegated from our Board of Directors, approved an increase of $6.0 billion in the share repurchase program, raising the authorization to $19.7 billion of Common Stock repurchases, and extended the program through December 31, 2020. Through December 31, 2019 , we repurchased approximately $16.5 billion of shares ( $1.5 billion in 2019, $2.0 billion in 2018, $2.2 billion in 2017, $2.6 billion in 2016, $3.6 billion in 2015, $1.9 billion in 2014 and $2.7 billion in 2013), at a weighted-average cost of $39.65 per share. The number of shares that we ultimately repurchase under our share repurchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic or business conditions and board and management discretion. Additionally, our share repurchase activity during any particular period may fluctuate. We may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue our share repurchase program at any time, without notice.
