ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Permian Basin Gathering System is comprised of the 1,113-mile Carlsbad pipeline system, the 600-mile Waha pipeline system, the 34-mile Orla pipeline system and the 23-mile Mentone pipeline system. The Permian Basin Gathering System gathers natural gas from the Permian Basin for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Chaparral, South Eddy, Waha, Mentone and Orla plants, and delivers residue and treated natural gas into our Texas Intrastate System and third-party pipelines.
 • The White River Hub is a natural gas hub facility serving producers in the Piceance Basin. The facility enables producers to access six interstate natural gas pipelines and has a gross throughput capacity of 3 Bcf/d of natural gas.
 • The BTA Gathering System , which is located in East Texas, gathers and treats natural gas from the Haynesville Shale and Bossier, Cotton Valley and Travis Peak formations. This system includes our Fairplay Gathering System.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
an aggregate increase of $66 million  in revenues, excluding the incremental revenue related to the Rover pipeline discussed above, primarily due to capacity sold at higher rates on the Transwestern and Panhandle pipelines; partially offset by 
an increase of $11 million  in operating expenses, excluding the incremental expenses related to the Rover pipeline discussed above, primarily due to increases in maintenance project costs due to scope and level of activity; and 
Volumes.  Gathered volumes and NGL production increased during the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the prior year primarily due to increases in the North Texas, Permian and Northeast regions, partially offset by smaller declines in other regions.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Revenue contracts with our advertising customers may include multiple distinct performance obligations. For example, linear and digital advertising contracts may include sponsorship, production, or product integration in addition to the airing of spots and the satisfaction of an audience guarantee. For such contracts, judgment is required in allocating the contract value to the individual performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices. Various factors such as prior transactions, rate cards and other market indicators are used to determine the standalone selling price of each performance obligation and accordingly, how much revenue is allocated to each performance obligation. For these contracts, revenue recorded when each performance obligation has been satisfied and value has been transferred to the customer. 
A substantial portion of the advertising contracts in the U.S. and certain international markets guarantee the advertiser a minimum audience level that either the program in which their advertisements are aired or the advertisement will reach. These advertising campaigns are considered to represent a single, distinct performance obligation. For such contracts, judgement is required in measuring progress across the Company’s single performance obligation. Various factors such as rate cards and audience guarantees are considered in determining how to appropriately measure progress across the campaigns. Revenues are ultimately recognized based on the audience level delivered multiplied by the average price per impression. 
The Company also enters into certain distribution contracts with customers that include promises to deliver content libraries. There are generally two types of such arrangements: 1) content licensing arrangements that include subscription video on demand (“SVOD”) licensing arrangements and 2) digital DTC content (such as VOD and authenticated TVE applications) which is a performance obligation within our distribution arrangements. These contracts vary by customer and in certain instances include a promise to deliver existing content and new content. In these arrangements, the individual program titles delivered represent a distinct performance obligation.
