BOEING CO report:
• We tested the effectiveness of internal controls, including those over the review of significant judgments made and assumptions used to develop key estimates, key data used in developing the estimates and the mathematical extrapolation of such data. 
Production quality issues and supply chain disruption for the 787 program have resulted in increased risk associated with forecasted revenue estimates primarily due to the difficulty in assessing the value of consideration expected to be provided to customers as a result of delivery delays. The Company uses program accounting to compute cost of sales and margin for each commercial airplane sold. The use of program accounting requires estimating the revenue expected to be earned upon delivery of the aircraft included in the program’s accounting quantity. While the 787 program resumed deliveries in 2022, the forecasted delivery schedule and the value of the consideration expected to be provided to customers for delivery delays continue to be key factors that affect estimated revenue. There is estimation uncertainty related to the revenue forecasts of aircraft which have reached or are expected to reach a delivery delay period that provides the customer with a contractual termination right. Changes to the expected delivery schedule could result in additional consideration to customers. This could result in lower margins or material reach-forward losses. Auditing the estimated revenues for the 787 program involved extensive audit effort, a high degree of auditor judgment, and required professionals with specialized industry experience. 
• We inquired of management, including operational and supply chain leadership, to assess the assumptions related to the supply chain disruption impacts on the delivery schedule and the estimated timeline for completion of rework.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
We primarily operate in the U.S (all 50 states and D.C.) and Canada. Our top geographic markets based on 2020 statutory direct premiums are reflected below. The geographic distribution does not include National General results. 
Our Protection Services segment accounted for 4.3% of Allstate’s 2020 consolidated total revenue and 77.5% of Allstate’s December 31, 2020 PIF. Protection Services includes Allstate SM Protection Plans, Allstate Dealer Services ® , Allstate Roadside, Arity ® and Allstate SM Identity Protection, which offer a broad range of products and services that expand and enhance customer value propositions. 
Strategy - Protection Services are a key part of our strategy by expanding other protection businesses and increasing our total addressable market by delivering superior value propositions and building strategic platforms to connect and engage with customers and effectively address their changing needs and preferences.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As of January 31, 2022, we had 73,541 employees, of which approximately 55 percent were located in the United States and 45 percent were located internationally and approximately 36 percent identified as women, 64 percent identified as men and less than 1 percent identified as non-binary. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. 
Our ability to attract and retain the best talent is even more important as our employees adapt to a new normal with how and where we work. Maintaining a strong company culture, in a remote environment, and at a time of rapid growth in our workforce remains a priority throughout our human capital management programs. We have relied on our Success From Anywhere approach to help us effectively manage our workforce during this time and have continued to invest in equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives, development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 
Success from Anywhere provides employees three new ways of working: Office-Flexible, Home-Based, and Office-Based. We leverage Flex Team Agreements to empower teams to decide how, when, and where they work, including how many days a week they come into the office and what kind of work they will continue to do at home. Flex Team Agreements help us think through and provide clarity on what’s most important in how and where we show up, work, stay connected, and nurture our culture. As we return to the office, health and safety remain a top priority and we have leveraged our own tools, such as work.com and Dreampass, to allow our employees to come together safely.
