SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person’s service as a director or officer, including any action by the Company, arising out of that person’s services as the Company’s director or officer or that person’s services provided to any other company or enterprise at the Company’s request. The Company maintains director and officer insurance coverage that would generally enable the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company may also be subject to indemnification obligations by law with respect to the actions of its employees under certain circumstances and in certain jurisdictions. 
In October 2021, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2021-08, “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers” (“ASU 2021-08”), which requires contract assets and contract liabilities (i.e., unearned revenue) acquired in a business combination to be recognized and measured in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Previously, the Company recognized contract assets and contract liabilities at the acquisition date based on fair value estimates, which had resulted in a reduction to unearned revenue on the balance sheet, and therefore, a reduction to revenues that would have otherwise been recorded as an independent entity. ASU 2021-08 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022 on a prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2021-08 in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 and the impact of the adoption was not material. 
A reclassification to the fiscal 2022 consolidated balance sheet was made to conform to the current period presentation of current debt. This reclassification did not impact the Company's key metrics including Total Assets, Total Revenues, Income From Operations, Net Income or Operating Cash Flows.

BOEING CO report:
Options have been granted to our executive officers that are scheduled to vest and become exercisable three years after the grant date and expire ten years after the grant date. If an executive terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability, or death, the executive (or beneficiary) may receive some or all of their stock options depending on certain age and service conditions. The fair values of the stock options granted were estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation model using the assumptions presented below. The model includes no expected dividend yield. 
On February 16, 2022, we granted 348,769 premium-priced stock options to our executive officers as part of our long-term incentive program. These stock options have an exercise price equal to 120 % of the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant. If certain performance measures are met, the exercise price is reduced to 110 % of the grant date fair market value of our stock. 
On February 17, 2021, we granted 342,986 premium-priced stock options to our executive officers as part of our long-term incentive program. These stock options have an exercise price equal to 120 % of the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant. During 2021, we also granted 148,322 stock options to certain executives to encourage retention or to award various achievements, of which 40,322 had an exercise price equal to 120 % of the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant, and the remaining 108,000 had an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant. The grant date fair market values of these awards were not significant.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
For both operating and finance leases, we recognize a right-of-use asset, which represents our right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability, which represents the present value of our obligation to make payments arising over the lease term. The present value of the lease payments is calculated using the incremental borrowing rate for operating and finance leases. The incremental borrowing rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. Management uses the unsecured borrowing rate and risk-adjusts that rate to approximate a collateralized rate, which is updated on a quarterly basis. 
In those circumstances where Verizon is the lessee, we account for non-lease components associated with our leases (e.g., common area maintenance costs) and lease components as a single lease component for substantially all of our asset classes. Additionally, in arrangements where we are the lessor, we have customer premise equipment for which we account for non-lease components (e.g., service revenue) and lease components as combined components under the revenue recognition guidance in Topic 606 as the service revenues are the predominant components in the arrangements. 
Rent expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and is included in either Cost of services or Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income, based on the use of the facility or equipment on which rent is being paid. Variable rent payments related to both operating and finance leases are expensed in the period incurred. Our variable lease payments consist of payments dependent on various external indicators, including real estate taxes, common area maintenance charges and utility usage.
