BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. We apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. Accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. We consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation allowances. If we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. Conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense. During 2022, we decreased valuation allowances by $28 million primarily related to releases in jurisdictions where we believe realization of deferred tax assets is now more likely than not. 
The calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves complexities in the application of intricate tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. Future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. At December 31, 2022, we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $59 million in our consolidated balance sheet. For additional information on income taxes, please refer to Note 15- Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements. 
We evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. Recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, raw materials and taxable services, as well as other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in Brazil and Europe. Management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable

BOEING CO report:
Customer financing Customer financing includes operating lease equipment, notes receivable, and sales-type/finance leases. Sales-type/finance leases are treated as receivables, and allowances for losses are established as necessary. 
We assess the fair value of the assets we own, including equipment under operating leases, assets held for sale or re-lease, and collateral underlying receivables, to determine if their fair values are less than the related assets’ carrying values. Differences between carrying values and fair values of sales-type/finance leases and notes and other receivables, as determined by collateral value, are considered in determining the allowance for losses on receivables. 
We use a median calculated from published collateral values from multiple third-party aircraft value publications based on the type and age of the aircraft to determine the fair value of aircraft. Under certain circumstances, we apply judgment based on the attributes of the specific aircraft or equipment, usually when the features or use of the aircraft vary significantly from the more generic aircraft attributes covered by outside publications.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Allstate agents and exclusive financial specialists receive commissions for non-proprietary life and retirement sales and are eligible for a quarterly bonus based on the volume of non-proprietary sales. 
Featured options include Claim RateGuard ® , Claim-Free Bonus, Deductible Rewards ® and flexibility in options and coverages, including graduated roof coverage and pricing based on roof type and age for damage related to wind and hail events. 
Auto customers with a qualifying property policy are provided an auto renewal guarantee and a deductible waiver (when the same event, with the same covered cause of loss, damages both auto and property). Offered in 47 states and District of Columbia (“D.C.”) as of December 31, 2021.
