MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income decreased $11 million (1.6%), primarily due to higher raw material costs, expenses from the resolution of tax matters in India totaling $87 million, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, unfavorable currency, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, the impact of the divestiture and higher intangible asset impairment charges. These unfavorable items were partially offset by lower manufacturing costs, higher net pricing, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and favorable volume/mix. 
Net revenues increased $235 million (2.4%), due to favorable volume/mix (2.8 pp), partially offset by lower net pricing (0.3 pp) and unfavorable currency (0.1 pp). Favorable volume/mix due to overall higher volume was tempered by the net impact from the COVID-19 outbreak, as overall increased food purchases for in-home consumption were partially offset by a negative volume impact on our world travel retail and foodservice businesses due to lockdowns and other restrictions. Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains in chocolate, cheese & grocery, biscuits and refreshment beverages, partially offset by declines in candy and gum. Lower net pricing was driven by biscuits and chocolate, partially offset by higher net pricing in cheese & grocery, candy, gum and refreshment beverages. Unfavorable currency impacts reflected the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies in the region, including the Russian ruble, Turkish lira, Norwegian krone and Ukrainian hryvnya mostly offset by the strength of several currencies in the region relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro, British pound sterling, Swedish krona and Swiss franc. 
Segment operating income increased $43 million (2.5%), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, lower net pricing, higher intangible asset impairment charges, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses and unfavorable currency.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.These forward-looking statements are estimates and projections reflecting our best judgment and involve risks, uncertainties or other factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may prove to be incorrect. Our actual results may differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws (including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), interpretations of such laws, changes in the mix of taxable income among different tax jurisdictions, or adverse results of tax audits, assessments, or disputes; 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this 2019 10-K Report will be deemed to modify or supersede such forward-looking statements.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
(4) Represents enforceable and legally binding agreements to purchase goods or services as of December 31, 2018. The estimated payment obligations are based on contractual prices in effect at December 31, 2018 applied to all future volume commitments. Actual future payment obligations may vary depending on prices at the time of delivery. 
(6) Represents unconditional payment obligations for services to be rendered or products to be delivered in connection with our capital investment program, including our share of the capital expenditures of unconsolidated affiliates. 
(7) As reflected on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2018, “Other long-term liabilities” primarily represent the Liquidity Option Agreement, the noncurrent portion of asset retirement obligations and deferred revenues.
