VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our asset-backed debt is secured by the transferred device payment plan agreement receivables and future collections on such receivables. The device payment plan agreement receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of device payment plan agreement receivables, and other obligations arising from our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon’s creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt, but do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement, Verizon has agreed to guarantee certain of the payment obligations of Cellco and the Originators to the ABS Entities. 
Cash collections on the device payment plan agreement receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 
Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued and the assets securing this debt are included in our consolidated balance sheets.

BOEING CO report:
For operating leases, revenue on leased aircraft and equipment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Operating lease assets, included in Customer financing, net, are recorded at cost and depreciated to an estimated residual value using the straight-line method over the period that we project we will hold the asset. We periodically review our estimates of residual value and recognize forecasted changes by prospectively adjusting depreciation expense. We record assets held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. We evaluate for impairment assets under operating leases when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the expected undiscounted cash flow from the asset may be less than the carrying value. When we determine that impairment is indicated for an asset, the amount of impairment expense recorded is the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset. 
Reinsurance revenue Our wholly-owned insurance subsidiary, Astro Ltd., participates in a reinsurance pool for workers’ compensation. The member agreements and practices of the reinsurance pool minimize any participating members’ individual risk. Reinsurance revenues were $ 129 , $ 126 and $ 129 during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Reinsurance costs related to premiums and claims paid to the reinsurance pool were $ 134 , $ 129 and $ 136 during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Revenues and costs are presented net in Cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
Research and development includes costs incurred for experimentation, design and testing, as well as bid and proposal efforts related to government products and services, which are expensed as incurred unless the costs are related to certain contractual arrangements with customers. Costs that are incurred pursuant to such contractual arrangements are recorded over the period that revenue is recognized, consistent with our long-term contract accounting policy. We have certain research and development arrangements that meet the requirement for best efforts research and development accounting. Accordingly, the amounts funded by the customer are recognized as an offset to our research and development expense rather than as contract revenues. Research and development expense included bid and proposal costs of $ 217 , $ 213 and $ 224 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As described in Note 1, subscription and support revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract. License revenue is recognized as the licenses are delivered. The Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings. The Company's standard billing terms are annual in advance. Contract assets were $ 449 million as of January 31, 2020 as compared to $ 215 million as of January 31, 2019, and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. Contract assets as of January 31, 2020 include the acquired contract asset balance from the Tableau acquisition in August 2019 of $ 131 million. Impairments of contract assets were immaterial during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The unearned revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. The Company generally invoices customers in annual installments. The unearned revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter. 
Revenue recognized over time as delivered includes professional services billed on a time and materials basis, fixed fee professional services and training classes that are primarily billed, delivered and recognized within the same reporting period.
