ALLSTATE CORP report:
Long-term debt includes senior notes, senior debentures, subordinated debentures and junior subordinated debentures issued by the Corporation. Unamortized debt issuance costs and fair value adjustments are reported in long-term debt and are amortized over the expected period the debt will remain outstanding. 
The Company has equity incentive plans under which it grants nonqualified stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock awards (“equity awards”) to certain employees and directors of the Company. The Company measures the fair value of equity awards at the grant date and recognizes the expense over the shorter of the period in which the requisite service is rendered or retirement eligibility is attained. The expense for performance stock awards with no market condition is adjusted each period to reflect the performance factor most likely to be achieved at the end of the performance period. The expense for performance stock awards with a market condition is based on the fair value of the awards at the grant date which incorporates the probability of achieving the market condition. In the event the market condition is not met, any previously recognized expense is not reversed. The Company uses a binomial lattice model to determine the fair value of employee stock options. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of performance stock awards with market condition. 
The Company carries an allowance for expected credit losses for all financial assets measured at amortized cost on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The Company considers past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating an allowance for credit losses. The Company also carries a credit loss allowance for fixed income securities where applicable and, when amortized cost is reported, it is net of credit loss allowances. For additional information, refer to the Investments, Reinsurance, Indemnification or Recognition of premium revenues and contract charges, topics of this section.

BOEING CO report:
Airline financial performance, which influences demand for new capacity, has been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to the International Air Transport Association (IATA), net losses for the airline industry were $138 billion in 2020 and $42 billion in 2021. IATA also forecasts $6.9 billion of losses for the industry globally in 2022, with approximately $9.9 billion of profits in North America driven by the robust domestic market being more than offset by losses in other regions. For 2023, IATA is forecasting $4.6 billion in profits for the industry globally. While the outlook continues to improve, we continue to face a challenging environment in the near- to medium-term as airlines are facing increased fuel and other costs, and the global economy is experiencing high inflation. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines. 
The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. Our Commercial Market Outlook forecast projects a 3.8% growth rate for passenger and cargo traffic over a 20-year period. Based on long-term global economic growth projections of 2.6% in average annual gross domestic product, we project demand for approximately 41,170 new airplanes over the next 20 years. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics and increased global environmental regulations. 
During 2022, commercial services volume at BGS recovered to pre-pandemic levels. We expect BGS commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry continues to recover. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company periodically evaluates unrealized losses in its investment securities for other-than-temporary impairment, using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. In the event a security is deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, the Company recognizes the loss in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
The Company accounts for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The carrying value of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables and accounts payable, approximate fair value due to their short-term nature or variable interest rates. See Notes 2 , 3 , and 4  for the carrying value and fair value of the Company’s investments, derivative instruments, and fixed-rate debt, respectively. 
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is estimated by applying a fair value hierarchy, which requires maximizing the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The three levels of inputs are:
