BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
The following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at December 31, 2018 , and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.    
Represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial term of one year or more. Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $43 million  due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases. 
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and freight service on railroad lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. In addition, we sell time on these ocean freight vessels when excess freight capacity is available. These agreements range from two months to approximately seven years  in the case of ocean freight vessels and approximately eight years  in the case of railroad services. Actual amounts paid under these contracts may differ due to the variable components of these agreements and the amount of income earned by us on the sale of excess capacity. The railroad freight services agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used by us. The costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Incurred claims and claims expense represents the sum of paid losses and reserve changes in the calendar year. This expense includes losses from catastrophes of $2.86 billion , $3.23 billion  and $2.57 billion  in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively, net of recoverables. Catastrophes are an inherent risk of the property and casualty insurance business that have contributed to, and will continue to contribute to, material year-to-year fluctuations in the Company’s results of operations and financial position. 
The Company calculates and records a single best reserve estimate for losses from catastrophes, in conformance with generally accepted actuarial standards. As a result, management believes that no other estimate is better than the recorded amount. Due to the uncertainties involved, including the factors described above, the ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded amounts, which are based on management’s best estimates. Accordingly, management believes that it is not practical to develop a meaningful range for any such changes in losses incurred. 
During 2018 , incurred claims and claims expense related to prior years was primarily comprised of net decreases in auto reserves of $455 million , primarily related to a reduction in claim severity estimates for liability coverages, net increases in commercial lines of $108 million , net increases in Discontinued Lines and Coverages of $87 million , net increases in homeowners reserves of $14 million  and a net decrease in other reserves of $9 million . Incurred claims and claims expense includes unfavorable catastrophe loss reestimates of $ 25 million , net of recoverables.

BOEING CO report:
The accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) for all pension plans was $ 75,787 and $ 69,376 at December 31, 2019 and 2018 . Key information for our plans with ABO and PBO in excess of plan assets as of December 31 was as follows: 
The following assumptions, which are the weighted average for all plans, are used to calculate the benefit obligation at December 31 of each year and the net periodic benefit cost for the subsequent year. 
The discount rate for each plan is determined based on the plans’ expected future benefit payments using a yield curve developed from high quality bonds that are rated as Aa or better by at least half of the four rating agencies utilized as of the measurement date. The yield curve is fitted to yields developed from bonds at various maturity points. Bonds with the ten percent highest and the ten percent lowest yields are omitted. The present value of each plan’s benefits is calculated by applying the discount rates to projected benefit cash flows.
