SALESFORCE INC report:
Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, including stock-based expenses, the cost of subcontractors and certain third-party fees. 
Marketing and sales expenses are our largest cost and consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses and commissions, for our sales and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing activities. 
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses, for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel and professional services fees.

BOEING CO report:
The following tables present a reconciliation of Level 3 assets (excluding investments which are valued using NAVs as a practical expedient) held during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 . Transfers into and out of Level 3 are reported at the beginning-of-year values. 
 The changes in unrealized (losses)/gains for Level 3 mortgage backed and asset backed fixed income securities still held at December 31, 2018 and 2017 were a loss of $ 4 and a gain of $ 6 . 
OPB Plan Assets The majority of OPB plan assets are invested in a balanced index fund which is comprised of approximately 60 % equities and 40 % debt securities. The index fund is valued using a market approach based on the quoted market price of an identical instrument (Level 1). The expected rate of return on these assets does not have a material effect on the net periodic benefit cost.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into U.S. dollar. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also, certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. Local currency loans in U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the U.S. are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. For the years ended December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , we recorded foreign currency losses of $139 million  and $21 million , respectively, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item “Foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt” in our consolidated statements of cash flows. This adjustment is required as these gains or losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations. 
Cash provided by investing activities was $410 million  for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to cash provided by investing activities of $1,819 million  for the year ended December 31, 2017 . During 2018 , payments were made for capital expenditures of $493 million , primarily related to replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in Brazil and the upgrade of our crush facility in Italy, as well as other capital projects at various facilities. In addition, we acquired Loders for $908 million , net of cash acquired, and Minsa USA for $73 million , net of cash acquired. Further, payments were made for investments of $1,184 million , primarily related to deposits, treasuries and bonds in South America related to financial services, which were substantially offset by proceeds from such investments of $1,098 million . Cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $1,888 million  from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables (due to the change in accounting described above), as well as cash inflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $66 million  in the year ended December 31, 2018 , primarily driven by the depreciation of the Brazilian real  relative to the U.S. dollar in 2018 . During 2017 , payments were made for capital expenditures of $662 million , primarily related to the upgrade and expansion of an export terminal in the U.S., replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business, the expansion of a crushing facility in Brazil and the upgrade of our crush facility in Italy. In addition, we acquired two oilseed processing plants in the Netherlands and France for $318 million , an edible oils business in Argentina for $26 million  and an olive oil and seed oil producer in Turkey for $23 million , net of cash acquired. Additionally, we had cash outflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $20 million , primarily driven by the appreciation of the Brazilian real  relative to the US dollar in 2017 , and payments for investments in affiliates relating to our G3, SB Oils and Tapajos joint ventures, as well as the acquisition of a non-controlling stake in Agricola Alvorada, a Brazilian agribusiness company during 2017. Proceeds from and payments for investments included primarily purchases and sales of short-term investments. Cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $2,981 million  from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables. 
Cash provided by financing activities was $631 million  in the year ended December 31, 2018 , compared to cash used for financing activities of $180 million  for the year ended December 31, 2017 . The net increase of $956 million  in borrowings in 2018 was primarily related to the funding of acquisitions, financing capital expenditures and funding working capital needs. In addition, we paid dividends of $305 million  to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares. In 2017 , dividends paid to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares were $281 million .
