BOEING CO report:
2017, BDS recorded charges of $401 million related to the KC-46A Tanker contract. The unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2018 was $412 million higher than the comparable period in the prior year, driven by higher charges on development programs in 2018. 
Total backlog of $63,908 million at December 31, 2019 increase d by 4% from $61,277 million at December 31, 2018 , primarily due to current year contract awards in many of our programs greater than revenue recognized. Significant orders included F/A-18 fighters, Space Launch System, P-8A Poseidon, KC-46A Tanker, and E-7 Airborne Early Warning & Control, partially offset by revenue recognized on contracts awarded in prior years. 
Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements. In these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. Examples of these programs include Ground-based Midcourse Defense , Proprietary and Space Launch System programs.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
no retention. The contract allows for cession of policies providing earthquake coverage as long as the total amount of in-force building limits provided by those policies does not exceed $ 400 million . This $ 400 million cap limits the policies that are covered by the reinsurance contract and not the amount of loss eligible for cession, which includes losses to dwellings, other structures, personal property and additional living expenses on policies covered by this program. As of December 31, 2019, the $ 400 million cap which serves to limit cessions to the contract has not been exceeded. 
The Company’s other reinsurance programs relate to asbestos, environmental, and other liability exposures and commercial lines, including shared economy. These programs include reinsurance recoverables of $ 158 million and $ 165 million from Lloyd’s of Lo ndon as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Excluding Lloyd’s of London, the largest reinsurance recoverable balance the Company had outstanding was $ 115 million and $ 37 million from Aleka Insurance Inc. as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 
Lloyd’s of London, through the creation of Equitas Limited (“Equitas”), implemented a restructuring to solidify its capital base and to segregate claims for years prior to 1993. In 2007, Berkshire Hathaway’s subsidiary, National Indemnity Company, assumed responsibility for the Equitas’ claim liabilities through a loss portfolio transfer reinsurance agreement and continues to runoff the Equitas’ claims.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, the Company's go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. In instances where the Company does not sell or price a product or service separately, the Company determines relative fair value using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As the Company’s go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP. 
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold or priced separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. 
If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, the Company uses a range of SSP. The Company determines the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. The Company typically has more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography.
