SALESFORCE INC report:
During fiscal 2021 and in future fiscal years, we have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations, increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure including offices, information technology and data centers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments including in response to the known and potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business. 
In December 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Slack. Under the terms of the agreement, Slack shareholders will receive $26.79 in cash and 0.0776 shares of Salesforce common stock for each outstanding share of Slack Class A and Class B common stock, resulting in an estimated $15.6 billion of cash consideration and 45 million shares to be issued, based on Slack Class A and Class B shares outstanding as of January 31, 2021. The agreement also provides for the assumption of outstanding equity awards held by Slack employees. We expect to fund the cash portion of the consideration with a combination of new debt, as discussed above, and cash on our balance sheet. 
In October 2019, we acquired ClickSoftware for approximately $1.4 billion. In the event that we fully integrate the operations and assets of ClickSoftware, as well as other acquired Israeli based entities into our operations, we may be subject to a potential one-time income tax charge based on an assumed Israeli statutory tax rate of 23 percent applied to the value of any transferred intangibles. The timing and amount of the cash payment, if any, is uncertain and would be based upon a number of factors, including our integration plans, valuations related to intercompany transactions, the tax rate in effect at the time, potential negotiations with the taxing authorities and potential litigation.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
SafeAuto On October 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Safe Auto Insurance Group, Inc. (“SafeAuto”), a non-standard auto insurance carrier focused on providing state-minimum private-passenger auto insurance direct to consumers with coverage options in 28 states, for $ 267 million in cash. Starting in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Allstate Protection segment includes SafeAuto. 
In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill of $ 79 million, intangible assets of $ 31 million and value of business acquired of $ 7 million. The intangible assets include $ 25 million and $ 6 million related to acquired customer relationships and licenses, respectively. 
Life and annuity business On October 1, 2021, the Company closed the sale of Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York (“ALNY”) to Wilton Reassurance Company for $ 400 million. On November 1, 2021, the Company closed the sale of Allstate Life Insurance Company (“ALIC”) and certain affiliates to entities managed by Blackstone for total proceeds of $ 4 billion, including a pre-close dividend of $ 1.25 billion paid by ALIC.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
also have relationships with high-profile national retailers that sell our wireless and wireline products and services, as well as convenience store chains that sell our wireless prepaid products and services. 
In addition to our direct channel, our Business segment has additional distribution channels that include business solution fulfillment provided by resellers, non-stocked device fulfillment performed by distributors and integrated mobility services provided by system integrators and resellers. 
We are transforming the architecture of our networks into our Intelligent Edge Network, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of fifth-generation (5G) wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner. As a part of our evolution, we retired our third-generation (3G) network in 2022. As a result, approximately 909 thousand wireless retail postpaid connections, including 392 thousand wireless postpaid phone connections, and 237 thousand retail prepaid connections, were removed from the customer base.
