ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The primary customer of EHT is our NGL marketing group, which uses the terminal to meet the needs of export customers. NGL marketing transacts with these customers using long-term sales contracts with take-or-pay provisions and/or exchange agreements. In recent years, the U.S. has become the largest exporter of LPG in the world, with shipments originating from EHT playing a key role.
EHT also includes an NGL import terminal. This import terminal can offload NGLs from tanker vessels at rates up to 8,000 barrels per hour depending on the product. Our NGL import volumes for the last three years were minimal.
EHT also provides terminaling services involving crude oil, propylene and refined products. EHT’s assets and activities associated with crude oil terminaling and storage are a component of our Crude Oil Pipelines & Services business segment. EHT’s activities involving propylene and refined products are a component of our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We transact business globally and are subject to risks associated with changing foreign currency exchange rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows, and future earnings. Our International Networks segment operates from hubs in EMEA, Latin America and Asia with net earnings reinvested locally and working capital requirements met from existing liquid funds. To the extent such funds are not sufficient to meet working capital requirements, drawdowns in the appropriate local currency are available from intercompany borrowings or drawdowns from our revolving credit facility. The earnings of certain international operations are expected to be reinvested in those businesses indefinitely. 
The functional currency of most of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We are exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that we enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies ("non-functional currency risk"). Such transactions include affiliate and ad sales arrangements, content arrangements, equipment and other vendor purchases, and intercompany transactions. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses based upon period-end exchange rates. We also record realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Moreover, we will experience fluctuations in our revenues, costs and expenses solely as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
We also are exposed to unfavorable and potentially volatile fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, which is our reporting currency, against the currencies of our operating subsidiaries when their respective financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Cumulative translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of equity. Any increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against any foreign functional currency of one of our operating subsidiaries will cause us to experience unrealized foreign currency translation gains or losses with respect to amounts already invested in such foreign currencies. Accordingly, we may experience a negative impact on our net income, other comprehensive income (loss) and equity with respect to our holdings solely as a result of changes in foreign currency.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Further, certain of our acquisitions may include earn-out provisions or other forms of contingent consideration. As of the acquisition date, we record contingent consideration, as applicable, at the estimated fair value of expected future payments associated with the earn-out. Any changes to the recorded fair value of contingent consideration will be recognized as expenses or earnings in the period in which they occur. Such contingent consideration liabilities are based on best estimates of future expected payment obligations, which are subject to change due to many factors outside of our control. Changes to the estimate of expected future contingent consideration payments may occur, from time to time, due to various reasons, including changing discount rates as well as actual results differing from estimates and adjustments to the revenue or earnings assumptions used as the basis for the liability based on historical experience. 
We promote our products with trade and sales incentives as well as marketing and advertising programs. These programs include, but are not limited to, new product introduction fees, discounts, coupons, rebates and volume-based incentives as well as cooperative advertising, in-store displays and consumer marketing promotions. Trade and sales incentives are recorded as a reduction to revenues based on amounts estimated due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. We base these estimates principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. For interim reporting purposes, advertising and consumer promotion expenses are charged to operations as a percentage of volume, based on estimated sales volume and estimated program spending. We do not defer costs on our year-end consolidated balance sheets and all marketing and advertising costs are recorded as an expense in the year incurred. 
We sponsor various employee benefit plans throughout the world. These include primarily pension plans and postretirement healthcare benefits. For accounting purposes, we estimate the pension and postretirement healthcare benefit obligations utilizing assumptions and estimates for discount rates; expected returns on plan assets; expected compensation increases; employee-related factors such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; and health care cost trends. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when appropriate. Our assumptions also reflect our historical experiences and management’s best judgment regarding future expectations. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans.
