ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The following table summarizes the activity for foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges, debt designated as a hedge of net investment in a foreign subsidiary and certain other derivative financial instruments, as well as the amounts and location of income (expense) and gain (loss) reclassified into income. 
A gain of $ 19 million, a loss of $ 171 million and a gain of $ 75 million were recognized in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedges. These amounts are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line.
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Data Privacy. Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with their own customers. The privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect is a top priority. Our customer agreements and our privacy policies (which are publicly available on our website) describe how we safeguard data with an effective privacy and security program. We also offer resources to help our customers operate globally in compliance with privacy laws such as General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act. 
Equality . We invest in programs designed to enhance employee success and create a safe, healthy and engaging working environment that fosters our core value of equality for all. Refer to our “Human Capital Management” Section in Item 1 of Part I for details. 
Racial Equality and Justice Task Force. In fiscal 2021 we launched our Racial Equality and Justice Task Force to help drive systemic change in our workplace and community. To create the task force, we invited employees from across the business, as well as leaders of our Black employee resource group, to help guide our vision, which includes our focus on the four pillars of “People, Purchasing, Philanthropy and Policy.” Our vision and goals have been formalized in a new Racial Equality and Justice V2MOM, which is an internal management tool that incorporates our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Interest charged on debt principal outstanding, which is a key driver of interest expense, decreased $11 million year-to-year primarily due to the retirement of $1.4 billion of fixed-rate senior notes in February 2022 and the redemption of $350 million of variable-rate junior subordinated notes in August 2022 using a combination of available cash, commercial paper and proceeds from a senior notes issuance in September 2021 with a lower interest rate. These actions resulted in lower weighted-average interest rates on outstanding debt obligations during the comparative years. For information regarding our debt obligations, see Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Other non-operating income for 2022 includes $16 million attributable to the partial recovery of attorneys’ fees related to the settlement of the PDH 1 litigation in November 2022. For additional information regarding this litigation, see Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Our provision for income taxes for 2022 increased $12 million when compared to 2021 primarily due to changes in income tax expense related to state tax obligations under the Revised Texas Franchise Tax (“Texas Margin Tax”).
