COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Merchandise costs consist of the purchase price or manufacturing costs of inventory sold, inbound and outbound shipping charges and all costs related to the Company’s depot, fulfillment and manufacturing operations, including freight from depots to selling warehouses, and are reduced by vendor consideration. Merchandise costs also include salaries, benefits, depreciation, and utilities in fresh foods and certain ancillary departments. 
The Company has agreements to receive funds from vendors for discounts and a variety of other programs. These programs are evidenced by signed agreements that are reflected in the carrying value of the inventory when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning the rebate or discount, and as a component of merchandise costs as the merchandise is sold. Other vendor consideration is generally recorded as a reduction of merchandise costs upon completion of contractual milestones, terms of the related agreement, or by another systematic approach. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and workers’ compensation costs for warehouse employees (other than fresh foods departments and certain ancillary businesses which are reflected in merchandise costs) as well as all regional and home office employees, including buying personnel. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include substantially all building and equipment depreciation, stock compensation expense, credit and debit card processing fees, utilities, as well as other operating costs incurred to support warehouse and e-commerce website operations.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Similar to U.S. Networks, a significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to fees charged to operators who distribute our linear networks. Such operators primarily include cable and DTH satellite service providers. International television markets vary in their stages of development. Some markets, such as the U.K., are more advanced digital television markets, while others remain in the analog environment with varying degrees of investment from operators to expand channel capacity or convert to digital technologies. Common practice in some markets results in long-term contractual distribution relationships, while customers in other markets renew contracts annually. Distribution revenue for our International Networks segment is largely dependent on the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, the rates negotiated in the distributor agreements, and the market demand for the content that we provide. International Networks additionally generates revenues through DTC subscription services. 
The other significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to advertising sold on our television networks and across distribution platforms, similar to U.S. Networks. Advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the development of pay and FTA television markets, the number of subscribers to and viewers of our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our programming, and our ability to sell commercial time over a portfolio of channels on multiple platforms. In certain markets, our advertising sales business operates with in-house sales teams, while we rely on external sales representation services in other markets. Outside the U.S., advertisers typically buy advertising closer to the time when the commercials will be run. In developing pay-TV markets, we expect advertising revenue growth will result from subscriber growth, our localization strategy, and the shift of advertising spending from broadcast to pay-TV. In mature markets, such as Western Europe, high proportions of market penetration and distribution are unlikely to drive rapid revenue growth. Instead, growth in advertising sales comes from increasing viewership and pricing and launching new services, either in pay-TV, broadcast, or FTA television environments. 
During 2021, advertising, distribution and other revenues were 45%, 47%, and 9%, respectively, of total net revenues for this segment. While we have traditionally operated cable networks, in recent years an increasing portion of our international advertising revenue is generated by FTA or broadcast networks, unlike U.S. Networks. During 2021, pay-TV networks generated 33% of International Networks' advertising revenue and FTA or broadcast networks generated 67% of International Networks' advertising revenue. We also have increased efforts to drive revenue growth from digital products such as the dplay DTC entertainment service in select international markets.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The demand for commercial isomerization services depends upon the energy industry’s requirements for isobutane and high-purity isobutane in excess of the isobutane produced through the process of NGL fractionation and refinery operations. Isomerization units convert normal butane feedstock into mixed butane, which is a stream of isobutane and normal butane. DIB units, of which we own and operate ten located at our Mont Belvieu complex, then separate the isobutane from the normal butane. Any remaining unconverted (or residual) normal butane generated by the DIB process is then recirculated through the isomerization process until it has been converted into varying grades of isobutane, including high-purity isobutane. The primary uses of isobutane are for the production of propylene oxide, isooctane, isobutylene and alkylate for motor gasoline. We also use certain of our DIB units to fractionate mixed butanes originating from NGL fractionation activities, imports and other sources into isobutane and normal butane. The operating flexibility provided by our multiple standalone DIBs enables us to capture market opportunities resulting from fluctuations in demand and prices for different types of butanes.
Our isomerization assets provide processing services to meet the needs of third-party customers and our other businesses, including our NGL marketing activities and octane enhancement production facility. On a weighted-average basis, the utilization rates of our isomerization facility were approximately 82.8%, 94.0% and 92.2% during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
We own and operate an octane enhancement production facility located at our Mont Belvieu complex that is designed to produce isobutylene and either isooctane or methyl tertiary butyl ether (“MTBE”). The products produced by this facility are used by refiners to increase octane values in reformulated motor gasoline blends. The high-purity isobutane feedstocks consumed in the production of these products are supplied by our isomerization units.
