ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The following table summarizes the activity for foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges, debt designated as a hedge of net investment in a foreign subsidiary and certain other derivative financial instruments, as well as the amounts and location of income (expense) and gain (loss) reclassified into income. 
A gain of $ 70 million, a gain of $ 19 million and a loss of $ 171 million were recognized in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedges. These amounts are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line. 
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Salesforce Easy. We offer Salesforce Easy, which is designed and priced for small and medium-sized businesses and offers a purpose-built Customer 360 solution. With ease of purchase through self serve and customized out-of-the-box features, Easy helps customers increase productivity, save time and cut costs. 
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 
• modern low-code and no code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value;

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
On June 29, 2022, near Henderson, Tennessee, a Mid Valley Pipeline Company mowing contractor struck an exposed section of the 22-inch diameter Hornsby to Denver line segment while mowing. The brush cutter mowing implement cut open the pipeline and released an estimated 4,345 barrels of crude oil into the surrounding area. Approximately 3,343 barrels of crude oil were recovered during initial remediation activities with the remaining volume contained within the materials removed and disposed of in accordance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Corrective action is being completed pursuant to the Tennessee DEC’s Division of Remediation - Voluntary Action Program. No injuries resulted from the incident. Mid Valley received a Notice of Federal Interest regarding the incident and has also supplied PHMSA with information as requested. No other government agency action has occurred at this time. 
Additionally, we have received notices of violations and potential fines under various federal, state and local provisions relating to the discharge of materials into the environment or protection of the environment. While we believe that even if any one or more of the environmental proceedings listed above were decided against us, it would not be material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, we are required to report environmental governmental proceedings if we reasonably believe that such proceedings will result in monetary sanctions in excess of $300,000. 
The following discussion of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report. This discussion includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Actual results may differ substantially from the statements we make in this section due to a number of factors that are discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this report.
