MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) In connection with the Clif Bar acquisition, we entered into a contingent consideration arrangement that may require us to pay additional consideration to the sellers for achieving certain net revenue, gross profit and EBITDA targets in 2025 and 2026 that exceed our base financial projections for the business implied in the upfront purchase price. The other contingent consideration liabilities are recorded at fair value with $ 452 million classified as long term liabilities at December 31, 2022. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the acquisition date was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation and recorded in other liabilities. Significant assumptions used in assessing the fair value of the liability include financial projections for net revenue, gross profit, and EBITDA, as well as discount and volatility rates. Fair value adjustments are primarily recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statement of earnings. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
(2) The other contingent consideration liabilities are recorded at fair value, with $ 102 million classified as other current liabilities at December 31, 2022 and $ 88 million and $ 159 million classified as long term liabilities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The estimated fair value of this contingent consideration was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model based on Level 3 inputs, including management's latest estimate of forecasted future results. Other key assumptions included discount rate and volatility. Fair value adjustments are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statement of earnings. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
The accumulated benefit obligation, which represents benefits earned to the measurement date, for U.S. pension plans was $ 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and $ 1.7 billion at December 31, 2021. The accumulated benefit obligation for non-U.S. pension plans was $ 6.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and $ 10.7 billion at December 31, 2021.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from isomerization and related operations increased a net $7.4 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average by-product sales prices, which accounted for a $22.1 million increase, partially offset by higher operating costs, which accounted for a $14.7 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our octane enhancement and related plant operations decreased $54.8 million year-to-year primarily due to higher operating costs, which accounted for a $29.4 million decrease, and lower sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $25.9 million decrease. Volumes at these facilities for 2021 were lower when compared to 2020 primarily due to planned major maintenance activities, which were completed in the last week of January 2021 for our HPIB plant and the beginning of May 2021 for our octane enhancement plant. 
Gross operating margin from our TE Products Pipeline System and associated terminals increased a combined $13.5 million year-to-year primarily due to higher aggregate transportation volumes. Overall transportation volumes on our TE Products Pipeline System increased a net 56 MBPD year-to-year.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Historical payment trends may not be an accurate indicator of current or future creditworthiness of our customers, particularly in difficult economic and financial markets. As a result of the limited predictability inherent in estimating which customers are less likely or unlikely to remit amounts owed to us, our provision for estimated credit losses may not be sufficient. Any write-off of accounts receivable in excess of our provision for expected credit losses would have 
an adverse effect on our results of operations. If credit losses exceed established allowances, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. For additional information on the credit risks inherent in our business, see “Item 1A – Risk Factors” in this 2018 10‑K Report. 
Inventories are measured primarily using weighted average cost, and first-in-first-out in certain limited locations, and are measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. When evidence exists that the net realizable value of inventory is lower than its cost, the difference is recognized as a loss in earnings in the period in which it occurs. We utilize a variety of fuel indices and other indicators of market value. Sharp negative changes in these indices can result in a reduction of our inventory valuation, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations in the period in which we take the adjustment. These adjustments may have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations. Components of inventory include fuel purchase costs, the related transportation costs and changes in the estimated fair market values for inventories included in a fair value hedge relationship.
