BOEING CO report:
In the first quarter of 2018, we adopted the following ASUs: ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); ASU No. 2017-07, Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost; ASU 2016-18 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Restricted Cash; and ASU 2018-02 Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. 
On October 9, 2018, we acquired all the outstanding shares of KLX Inc. (KLX). KLX is a global provider of aviation parts and services in the aerospace industry. Its capabilities include distribution and supply chain services. The KLX acquisition is intended to accelerate growth in our services business by allowing Boeing to offer commercial, defense, business and general aviation customers a broader range of offerings. The results of KLX’s operations have been included in our Global Services segment from the acquisition date. KLX’s revenues and earnings from operations from October 9, 2018 through December 31, 2018 were $ 356 and $ 50 . 
The goodwill has been allocated to the Global Services and Commercial Airplanes segments based on revenue synergies expected to be realized from the integration of KLX’s products and services and expected cost synergies primarily resulting from the consolidation of procurement spending and functional support. Approximately $ 533 of the acquired goodwill and intangible assets is deductible for tax purposes. The acquired intangible assets primarily relate to customer and supplier relationships and have a weighted-average useful life of 17.5 years .

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Answer Financial strategy Answer Financial is an insurance agency that sells other insurance companies’ products directly to customers online. Our strategy as a technology-enabled insurance agency is to provide comparison shopping and related services for businesses, offering customers choice, convenience and ease of use. 
A proprietary database of underwriting and loss experience enables sophisticated pricing algorithms and methodologies to more accurately price risks while also seeking to attract and retain customers in multiple risk segments. 
• For auto insurance, risk evaluation factors can include, but are not limited to: vehicle make, model and year; driver age and marital status; territory; years licensed; loss history; years insured with prior carrier; prior liability limits; prior lapse in coverage; and insurance scoring utilizing telematics data and other consumer information.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We have audited Costco Wholesale Corporation and subsidiaries ’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 3, 2023, and August 28, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for the 53-week period ended September 3, 2023, and the 52-week periods ended August 28, 2022, and August 29, 2021 , and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated October 10, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
