ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Segment margin, operating expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses . These amounts represent the amounts included in our consolidated financial statements that are attributable to each segment. 
• Unrealized gains or losses on commodity risk management activities and inventory valuation adjustments . These are the unrealized amounts that are included in cost of products sold to calculate segment margin. These amounts are not included in Segment Adjusted EBITDA; therefore, the unrealized losses are added back and the unrealized gains are subtracted to calculate the segment measure. 
• Non-cash compensation expense . These amounts represent the total non-cash compensation recorded in operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses related to equity awards. This expense is not included in Segment Adjusted EBITDA and therefore is added back to calculate the segment measure.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company’s derivative financial instruments are discussed in Note 13, its investments with readily determinable fair value are discussed in Note 10, and the obligation for its revolving receivable program is discussed in Note 8. 
The Company has various incentive plans under which PRSUs, RSUs, stock options, and SARs have been issued. In connection with the Merger, AT&T RSUs subject to time or performance based vesting and restricted stock held by WM employees were replaced with WBD RSUs granted on comparable terms (other than any performance based vesting requirements) upon the closing of the Merger, increasing RSU expense, grants and unrecognized compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has reserved a total of 237 million shares of its common stock for future exercises, vesting, and grants of stock options, stock-settled SARs, PRSUs, and RSUs. Upon exercise or vesting of stock awards, the Company issues new shares from its existing authorized but unissued shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were 173 million shares of common stock in reserves that were available for future issuance under the incentive plans. 
Liability-classified share-based compensation awards include certain PRSUs and SARs. The Company recorded total liabilities for cash-settled and other liability-classified share-based compensation awards of $ 6 million and $ 22 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The current portion of the liability for cash-settled and other liability-classified awards was $ 4 million and $ 17 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives. 
Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina. 
During 2018, we realized higher net pricing, which was partially offset by increased input costs. Higher net pricing, which included the carryover impact of pricing actions taken in 2017 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2018, was reflected across all regions except Europe. The increase in input costs was driven by higher raw material costs, mostly offset by lower manufacturing costs due to productivity efforts. Higher raw material costs were primarily due to higher currency exchange transaction costs on imported materials, as well as higher packaging, dairy and energy, partially offset primarily by lower cocoa costs. Favorable volume/mix was driven by Europe and AMEA, which was partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in North America and Latin America.
