ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $24 million in 2020 and $39 million in 2018. The 2020 tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to Abbott’s developed markets branded generic pharmaceuticals business which was sold to Mylan Inc. (Mylan) in 2015. The tax positions relate to years prior to the sale to Mylan. The 2018 tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to the operations of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) for years prior to the separation. Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie, which was formed to hold Abbott’s research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business, in January 2013. Abbott retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation.
In the Established Pharmaceuticals segment, the development process focuses on the geographic expansion and continuous improvement of the segment’s existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers. As Established Pharmaceuticals does not actively pursue primary research, development usually begins with work on existing products or after the acquisition of an advanced stage licensing opportunity.
The specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. The process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as China.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. See Note 15- Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements. 
Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1- Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries is their local currency. The determination of functional currency may require significant judgment to identify the currency of the primary economic environment in which a subsidiary operates. This may include an evaluation of a number of economic factors including, cash flow, sales price, sales market, expense, and financing indicators, as well, as the extent of the subsidiary’s intra-entity transactions. However, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, if a foreign entity's economy is determined to be highly inflationary, then such foreign entity's financial statements are remeasured as if the functional currency were the reporting currency.
