ALLSTATE CORP report:
The allowance for uncollectible reinsurance relates to other reinsurance programs primarily related to our Discontinued Lines and Coverages segment. This allowance was $60 million and $65 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. The allowance is based upon our ongoing review of amounts outstanding, length of collection periods, changes in reinsurer credit standing, and other relevant factors. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
business, we may become involved in coverage disputes with certain of our reinsurers that may ultimately result in lawsuits and arbitrations brought by or against such reinsurers to determine the parties’ rights and obligations under the various reinsurance agreements. We employ dedicated specialists to manage reinsurance collections and disputes. We also consider recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedents, and recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedents and reinsurers in seeking to maximize our reinsurance recoveries. 
Adverse developments in the insurance industry have led to a decline in the financial strength of some of our reinsurance carriers, causing amounts recoverable from them and future claims ceded to them to be considered a higher risk. There has also been consolidation activity in the industry, which causes reinsurance risk across the industry to be concentrated among fewer companies.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The following section generally discusses Fiscal Year 2020 and 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between Fiscal Year 2020 and 2019, as well as certain Fiscal Year 2018 items. Discussions of Fiscal Year 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal year 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2019. 
We are a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and customers together. We introduced our first CRM solution in 2000, and we have since expanded our service offerings with new editions, features and platform capabilities. Our core mission is to enable our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, voice and artificial intelligence (“AI”), to transform their businesses. Our Customer 360 platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce, analytics and more to give our customers a single source of information about their customers. 
• Acquisitions: During fiscal 2020 we completed the acquisition of Tableau Software, Inc. ("Tableau") for $14.8 billion in common stock issued, cash and fair value of equity assumed, ClickSoftware Technologies Ltd. ("ClickSoftware") for $1.4 billion in cash, common stock issued and fair value of equity assumed, and Salesforce.org for $300 million in cash.

BOEING CO report:
We record an accrual for supplier penalties when an event occurs that makes it probable that a supplier penalty will be incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. Until an event occurs, we fully anticipate accepting all products procured under production-related contracts. 
We record a liability in Accrued liabilities for the fair value of guarantees that are issued or modified after December 31, 2002. For credit guarantees, the liability is equal to the present value of the expected loss. We determine the expected loss by multiplying the creditor’s default rate by the guarantee amount reduced by the expected recovery, if applicable, for each future period the credit guarantee will be outstanding. If at inception of a guarantee, we determine there is a probable related contingent loss, we will recognize a liability for the greater of (a) the fair value of the guarantee as described above or (b) the probable contingent loss amount. 
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016 - 02, Leases (Topic 842) . The new standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The standard will require lessees to report most leases as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet, while lessor accounting will remain substantially unchanged. The standard permits two approaches, one requiring retrospective application of the new guidance with restatement of prior years, and one requiring prospective application of the new guidance. We plan to adopt the new lease standard effective January 1, 2019 and apply it prospectively. We do not expect the new lease standard to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
