ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Patoka, Illinois Terminal. The Patoka, Illinois terminal is a tank farm owned by the PEP joint venture and is located in Marion County, Illinois. The facility includes 234 acres of owned land and provides for approximately 1.9 MMBbls of crude oil storage. 
• Houston Terminal. The Houston Terminal consists of storage tanks located on the Houston Ship Channel with an aggregate storage capacity of 18.2 MMBbls used to store, blend and transport refinery products and refinery feedstocks via pipeline, barge, rail, truck and ship. This facility has five deep-water ship docks on the Houston Ship Channel capable of loading and unloading Suezmax cargo vessels and seven barge docks which can accommodate 23 barges simultaneously, three crude oil pipelines connecting to four refineries and numerous rail and truck loading spots. 
• Cushing Facilities. The Cushing Facility has approximately 7.6 MMBbls of crude oil storage, of which 5.6 MMBbls are leased to customers and 2.0 MMBbls are available for crude oil operations, blending and marketing activities. The storage terminal has inbound connections with the White Cliffs Pipeline from Platteville, Colorado, the Great Salt Plains Pipeline from Cherokee, Oklahoma, the Cimarron Pipeline from Boyer, Kansas, and two-way connections with all of the other major storage terminals in Cushing. The Cushing terminal also includes truck unloading facilities.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Immediately prior to closing, all shares of Series A, Series B, and Series C common stock and Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will be reclassified and converted to one class of the Company's common stock. AT&T’s shareholders that receive WarnerMedia stock in the distribution will receive stock representing 71 % of the combined company and the Company's shareholders will continue to own 29 % of the combined company, in each case on a fully diluted basis. The Boards of Directors of both AT&T and the Company have approved the transaction. 
The transaction is anticipated to close in the second quarter of 2022, subject to approval by the Company's shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals. On December 22, 2021, the transaction received unconditional antitrust clearance from the European Commission (“EC”) pursuant to the EC Merger Regulation, and on December 28, 2021, AT&T received a favorable Private Letter Ruling from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the qualification of the transactions for their intended tax-free treatments. On February 9, 2022, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, statutory waiting period has expired or otherwise been terminated, and any agreement not to consummate the transaction between the parties and the Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice or any other applicable governmental entity, has also expired or otherwise been terminated. Discovery and AT&T are in the process of obtaining other required regulatory approvals. Agreements are in place with Dr. John Malone and Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership to vote in favor of the transaction, representing approximately 43 % of the aggregate voting power of the shares of Discovery voting stock. The transaction requires, among other things, the consent of Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership under the Company's certificate of incorporation as the sole holder of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, which consent was given pursuant to a consent agreement. In connection with Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership’s entry into the consent agreement and related forfeiture of the significant rights attached to the Series A-1 Preferred Stock in the reclassification of the shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock into common stock, it will receive an increase to the number of shares of common stock of the Company into which the Series A-1 Preferred Stock would be converted. Upon the closing, the impact of the issuance of such additional shares of common stock of the Company will be recorded as a transaction expense. No vote by AT&T shareholders is required. 
The merger agreement contains certain customary termination rights for Discovery and AT&T, including, without limitation, a right for either party to terminate if the transaction is not completed on or before July 15, 2023. Termination under specified circumstances will require Discovery to pay AT&T a termination fee of $ 720 million or AT&T to pay Discovery a termination fee of $ 1.8 billion.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(4) Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives. 
(5) Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information on the November 1, 2022 acquisition of Ricolino, August 1, 2022 acquisition of Clif Bar, January 3, 2022 acquisition of Chipita, April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food, March 25, 2021 acquisition of a 
(6) Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina and Türkiye.
