ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• The ET Fuel System serves some of the most prolific production areas in the United States and is comprised of intrastate natural gas pipeline and related natural gas storage facilities. The ET Fuel System has many interconnections with pipelines providing direct access to power plants, other intrastate and interstate pipelines, and has bi-directional capabilities. It is strategically located near high-growth production areas and provides access to the three major natural gas trading centers in Texas, the Waha Hub near Pecos, Texas, the Maypearl Hub in Central Texas and the Carthage Hub in East Texas. 
The ET Fuel System also includes our Bethel natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 6.0 Bcf, an average withdrawal capacity of 300 MMcf/d and an injection capacity of 75 MMcf/d, and our Bryson natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 5.2 Bcf, an average withdrawal capacity of 120 MMcf/d and an average injection capacity of 96 MMcf/d. Storage capacity on the ET Fuel System is contracted to third parties under fee-based arrangements that extend through 2023. 
In addition, the ET Fuel System is integrated with our Godley processing plant which gives us the ability to bypass the plant when processing margins are unfavorable by blending the untreated natural gas from the North Texas System with natural gas on the ET Fuel System while continuing to meet pipeline quality specifications.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Texas Intrastate System increased $46.1 million year-to-year primarily due to higher capacity reservation fees. Transportation volumes on our Texas Intrastate System increased 124 BBtus/d. Gross operating margin from our Acadian Gas System increased $12.2 million year-to-year primarily due to a $10.4 million benefit recognized in 2019 in connection with proceeds received from a legal settlement.
Gross operating margin from our Permian Basin Gathering System increased $30.0 million year-to-year primarily due to higher gathering volumes, which accounted for a $23.8 million increase, and an increase in condensate sales, which accounted for an additional $13.5 million increase, partially offset by lower deficiency fees, which accounted for a $10.5 million decrease. Natural gas gathering volumes on the Permian Basin Gathering System increased 357 BBtus/d. Gross operating margin from our San Juan Gathering System decreased $18.0 million year-to-year primarily due to a 94 BBtus/d decrease in gathering volumes, which accounted for a $10.1 million decrease, and lower condensate sales, which accounted for an additional $4.8 million decrease.
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Quarterly, the Company prepares analyses to support its content amortization expense. Critical assumptions used in determining content amortization include: (i) the grouping of content with similar characteristics, (ii) the application of a quantitative revenue forecast model or viewership model based on the adequacy of historical data, (iii) determining the appropriate historical periods to utilize and the relative weighting of those historical periods in the forecast model, (iv) assessing the accuracy of the Company's forecasts and (v) incorporating secondary streams. The Company then considers the appropriate application of the quantitative assessment given forecasted content use, expected content investment and market trends. Content use and future revenues may differ from estimates based on changes in expectations related to market acceptance, network affiliate fee rates, advertising demand, the number of cable and satellite television subscribers receiving the Company’s networks, the number of subscribers to its digital services, and program usage. Accordingly, the Company continually reviews its estimates and planned usage and revises its assumptions if necessary. As part of the Company's assessment of its amortization rates, the Company compares the calculated amortization rates to those that have been utilized during the year. If the calculated rates do not deviate materially from the applied amortization rates, no adjustment is recorded. Any material adjustments from the Company’s review of the amortization rates are applied prospectively in the period of the change for assets in film groups, which represent the largest proportion of the Company's content assets. 
The result of the content amortization analysis is either an accelerated method or a straight-line amortization method over the estimated useful lives of generally two to four years . Amortization of capitalized costs for produced and coproduced content begins when a program has been aired. Amortization of capitalized costs for licensed content generally commences when the license period begins and the program is available for use. The Company allocates the cost of multi-year sports programming arrangements over the contract period of each event or season based on the estimated relative value of each event or season. Amortization of sports rights takes place when the content airs. 
Capitalized content costs are stated at the lower of cost less accumulated amortization or fair value. Content assets (produced, coproduced and licensed) are predominantly monetized as a group on the Company’s linear networks and digital content offerings. For content assets that are predominantly monetized within film groups, the Company evaluates the fair value of content in aggregate at the group level by considering expected future revenue generation typically by using a discounted cash flow analysis when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized costs. Estimates of future revenues consider historical airing patterns and future plans for airing content, including any changes in strategy. Given the significant estimates and judgments involved, actual demand or market conditions may be less favorable than those projected, requiring a write-down to fair value. Programming and development costs for programs that the Company has determined will not be produced, are fully expensed in the period the determination is made. The Company’s film groups are generally aligned along the Company’s networks and digital content offerings except for certain international territories wherein content assets are shared across the various networks in the territory and therefore, the territory is the film group. The Company’s rights to the Olympic Games are predominantly monetized on their own as the sublicensing of the rights in certain territories is a significant component of the monetization strategy. Beginning in 2020, all content rights and prepaid license fees are classified as a noncurrent asset, with the exception of content acquired with an initial license period of 12 months or less and prepaid sports rights expected to air within 12 months. (See "Accounting and Reporting Pronouncements Adopted" below and Note 6.)
