ALLSTATE CORP report:
June 1, 2016 convert upon leaving the board. Restricted stock units granted to employees on or after February 18, 2014 vest on the day prior to the third anniversary of the grant date. Awards granted to employees prior to February 18, 2014 vest 50%  on the day prior to the second anniversary of the grant date and 25%  on each of the days prior to the third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. Restricted stock units granted to employees subsequently convert into shares of stock on the day of the respective anniversary of the grant date. Vesting is subject to continued service, except for employees who are retirement eligible and in certain other limited circumstances. 
Performance stock awards vest into shares of stock on the day prior to the third anniversary of the grant date. Vesting of the number of performance stock awards earned based on the attainment of performance goals for each of the performance periods is subject to continued service, except for employees who are retirement eligible and in certain other limited circumstances, and achievement of performance goals. Performance stock awards subsequently convert into shares of stock in full the day of the anniversary of the grant date. 
A total of 98.0 million  shares of common stock were authorized to be used for awards under the plans, subject to adjustment in accordance with the plans’ terms. As of December 31, 2018 , 15.0 million  shares were reserved and remained available for future issuance under these plans. The Company uses its treasury shares for these issuances.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. As a result, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the amount or 
range of possible losses in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of non-monetary remedies, with respect to the contingencies it faces, and the Company’s estimates may not prove to be accurate. 
In management’s opinion, resolution of all current matters is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute or other contingency, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could materially affect the Company’s current or future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
refines our estimate of interest cost by applying the individual spot rates from a yield curve composed of the rates of return on several hundred high-quality fixed income corporate bonds available at the measurement date. These individual spot rates align with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments and therefore provide a more precise estimate of interest cost. 
Our current and deferred income taxes and associated valuation allowances are impacted by events and transactions arising in the normal course of business as well as in connection with the adoption of new accounting standards, changes in tax laws and rates, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and non-recurring items. As a global commercial enterprise, our income tax rate and the classification of income taxes can be affected by many factors, including estimates of the timing and realization of deferred income tax assets and the timing and amount of income tax payments. We account for tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in accordance with the accounting standard relating to the uncertainty in income taxes, which requires the use of a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We review and adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits based on our best judgment given the facts, circumstances and information available at each reporting date. To the extent that the final outcome of these tax positions is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may impact income tax expense and actual tax payments. We recognize any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Actual tax payments may materially differ from estimated liabilities as a result of changes in tax laws as well as unanticipated transactions impacting related income tax balances. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
Our Property, plant and equipment balance represents a significant component of our consolidated assets. We record Property, plant and equipment at cost. We depreciate Property, plant and equipment on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets. We expect that a one year increase in estimated useful lives of our Property, plant and equipment would result in a decrease to our 2020 depreciation expense of $2.7 billion and that a one year decrease would result in an increase of approximately $4.5 billion in our 2020 depreciation expense.
