COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
In December 2017, the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated numerous cases filed against various defendants by counties, cities, hospitals, Native American tribes, and third-party payors concerning the impacts of opioid abuse. In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation   (MDL No. 2804) (N.D. Ohio). Included are federal cases that name the Company, including actions filed by counties and cities in Michigan, New Jersey, Oregon, Virginia and South Carolina, a third-party payor in Ohio, and class actions filed in thirty-eight states on behalf of infants born with opioid-related medical conditions. In 2019 similar actions were commenced against the Company in state courts in Utah. Claims against the Company in state courts in New Jersey and Oklahoma have been dismissed. The Company is defending all of these matters. 
The Company and its CEO and CFO are defendants in putative class actions brought on behalf of shareholders who acquired Company stock between June 6 and October 25, 2018. Johnson v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.   (W.D. Wash. filed Nov. 5, 2018);   Chen v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al.   (W.D. Wash. filed Dec. 11, 2018). The complaints allege violations of the federal securities laws stemming from the Company’s disclosures concerning internal control over financial reporting. They seek unspecified damages, equitable relief, interest, and costs and attorneys’ fees. On January 30, 2019, an order was entered consolidating the actions and a consolidated amended complaint was filed on April 16, 2019. A motion to dismiss the complaint was filed on June 7. 
Members of the Board of Directors, one other individual, and the Company are defendants in a shareholder derivative action related to the internal controls and related disclosures identified in the putative class actions, alleging that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties. Wedekind v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, Richard Libenson, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp.   (W.D. Wash. filed Dec. 11, 2018). The complaint seeks unspecified damages, disgorgement of compensation, corporate governance changes, and costs and attorneys' fees. Because the complaint is derivative in nature, it does not seek monetary damages from the Company, which is a nominal defendant. By agreement among the parties the action has been stayed pending further proceedings in the class actions. Similar actions were filed in King County Superior Court on February 20, 2019,   Elliott v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, Richard Libenson, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-04824-7), and April 16, 2019, Brad Shuman, et ano. v. Hamilton James, Susan Decker, Kenneth Denman, Richard Galanti, Craig Jelinek, John Meisenbach, Charles Munger, Jeffrey Raikes, John Stanton, Mary Agnes Wilderotter, and Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 19-2-10460-1). These actions have also been stayed.

BOEING CO report:
We are committed to supporting our employees’ continuous development of professional, technical and leadership skills through access to digital learning resources and through partnerships with leading professional/technical societies and organizations around the world. For 2022, Boeing employees completed approximately 5.8 million hours of learning. We offer the ability for our people to pursue degree programs, professional certificates and individual courses in strategic fields of study from more than 300 accredited colleges and universities, online and across the globe through our tuition assistance program. Over 9,000 Boeing employees leverage these programs every year. 
Safety, quality, integrity and sustainability are at the core of how Boeing operates. We aspire to achieve zero workplace injuries and provide a safe, open and accountable work environment for our employees. Employees are also required on an annual basis to sign the Boeing Code of Conduct to reaffirm their commitment to do their work in a compliant and ethical manner. We provide several channels for all employees to speak up, ask for guidance and report concerns related to ethics or safety violations. We address employee concerns and take appropriate actions that uphold our Boeing values. 
The commercial jet aircraft market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share, such as Airbus and entrants from China. We are focused on improving our products and processes and continuing cost reduction efforts. We intend to continue to compete with other aircraft manufacturers by providing customers with airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, efficiency and value to customers around the world.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
SafeAuto On October 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Safe Auto Insurance Group, Inc. (“SafeAuto”), a non-standard auto insurance carrier focused on providing state-minimum private-passenger auto insurance direct to consumers with coverage options in 28 states, for $ 267 million in cash. Starting in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Allstate Protection segment includes SafeAuto. 
In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill of $ 79 million, intangible assets of $ 31 million and value of business acquired of $ 7 million. The intangible assets include $ 25 million and $ 6 million related to acquired customer relationships and licenses, respectively. 
Life and annuity business On October 1, 2021, the Company closed the sale of Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York (“ALNY”) to Wilton Reassurance Company for $ 400 million. On November 1, 2021, the Company closed the sale of Allstate Life Insurance Company (“ALIC”) and certain affiliates to entities managed by Blackstone for total proceeds of $ 4 billion, including a pre-close dividend of $ 1.25 billion paid by ALIC.
