ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• maintain a diversified portfolio of midstream energy assets and expand this asset base through growth capital projects and accretive acquisitions of complementary assets that enhance our overall value chain; and
Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are contingent on the supply of, and demand for the energy commodities we handle across our integrated midstream energy asset network. See “ Current Outlook ” included under Part II, Item 7 of this annual report for management’s views on key midstream energy supply and demand fundamentals in 2022.
The following sections provide an overview of our business segments, including information regarding principal products produced and/or services rendered and properties owned. Our operations are reported under four business segments: NGL Pipelines & Services, Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, Natural Gas Pipelines & Services and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Because fuel is a major component of an aircraft’s operating costs, our customers require cost-effective and professional fuel services. We have developed an extensive network, consisting of on-airport fueling operations and third‑party suppliers and service providers that enable us to provide aviation fuel and related services throughout the world. We 
believe the breadth of our service offering combined, with our global supplier network is a strategic differentiator that allows customers to secure fuel and high‑quality services in locations worldwide on short notice. 
We purchase our aviation fuel from suppliers worldwide. Fuel may be delivered into our customers’ aircraft or to a designated storage facility located at one of our locations or our suppliers’ locations pursuant to arrangements with them. Inventory is purchased at airport locations or shipped via pipelines and held at multiple locations for strategic reasons. We engage in contract sales, which are sales made pursuant to fuel purchase contracts with customers who commit to purchasing fuel from us over the contract term. We also conduct spot sales, which are sales that do not involve continuing contractual obligations by our customers to purchase fuel from us. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market‑based formulas or government-controlled prices.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Applying the definition of “Organic Net Revenue”, the adjustments made to “net revenues” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that Organic Net Revenue reflects the underlying growth from the ongoing activities of our business and provides improved comparability of results. We also evaluate our Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging markets and developed markets, and these underlying measures are also reconciled to U.S. GAAP below. 
Applying the definition of “Adjusted Operating Income”, the adjustments made to “operating income” (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the Simplify to Grow Program; intangible asset impairment charges; mark-to-market impacts from commodity, forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivative contracts; acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments; inventory step-up charges; acquisition related costs; divestiture-related costs; operating income from divestitures; net gain on an acquisition and divestitures; 2017 malware incident net recoveries; impact from the European Commission legal matter; incremental costs due to the war in Ukraine; costs associated with JDE Peet's transaction; the remeasurement of net monetary position; impact from pension participation changes; and impact from resolution of tax matters. We also evaluate Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis. We believe these measures provide improved comparability of underlying operating results. 
 For the Years Ended December 31,   2022 2021 $ Change % Change   (in millions)   Operating Income $ 3,534   $ 4,653   $ (1,119) (24.0) % Simplify to Grow Program (1)
