ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our midstream assets are located in close proximity to virtually all domestic ethane-consuming petrochemical plants, as well as associated derivative plants that produce various polymer products from ethylene. As a result of the expected growth in U.S. ethylene production capacity, we completed and commissioned an ethylene export terminal located at Morgan’s Point on the Houston Ship Channel in December 2019. The project, which is underwritten by long-term customer commitments, is expected to be fully operational in the fourth quarter of 2020 once certain refrigeration assets are completed.
To a limited extent, global demand for the end products produced by the petrochemical and plastics sector is currently under pressure mostly due to improper plastic disposal methods, particularly the accumulation of plastic garbage in the world’s oceans. This situation has resulted in calls for better collection, recycling and disposal of plastics and bans of certain single-use plastic items. Although higher recycling rates and bans of certain single-use items would effectively reduce the rate of growth in global demand for plastics, we do not believe that such actions will result in a significant long-term decline in the production of plastics (or in the use of liquid hydrocarbons as feedstocks in the production of such items).
With respect to long-term LPG demand, we believe that U.S. exports to Asia, particularly China and India, as well as markets in Northwest Europe and Latin America, will continue to be strong. According to EIA data available through November 2019, U.S. LPG exports increased 17% in 2019 to 1.4 MMBPD, with volumes headed to Asian markets accounting for approximately 51% of this amount. We estimate that LPG exports could reach 2.5 to 2.8 MMBPD by 2025. Our outlook for LPG exports to Asia is supported by several factors including long-term economic growth rates in Asian markets and favorable domestic policies in countries like India and Indonesia where governments are subsidizing their population’s switch from wood-based fuels to LPG for domestic use as a means of reducing pollution and protecting against deforestation. The competitiveness of U.S. Gulf Coast supplies of LPG are enhanced by the recent widening of the Panama Canal in 2016. Due to our expectation of continued growth in LPG exports, we completed an expansion project at EHT in 2019 that increased our LPG loading capacity at the terminal to approximately 835 MBPD. In July 2019, we announced an additional expansion project at EHT that would increase our LPG loading capacity by an additional 265 MBPD and be placed into service during the second half of 2021.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Lake Charles LNG, our wholly-owned subsidiary, owns an LNG import terminal and regasification facility located on Louisiana’s Gulf Coast near Lake Charles, Louisiana. The import terminal has approximately 9.0 Bcf of above ground storage capacity and the regasification facility has a send out capacity of 1.8 Bcf/d. Lake Charles LNG derives all of its revenue from a series of long-term contracts with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell plc (“Shell”). 
Lake Charles LNG Export, our wholly-owned subsidiary, is developing a natural gas liquefaction project at the site of our Lake Charles LNG import terminal and regasification facility. The project would utilize existing dock and storage facilities owned by Lake Charles LNG located on the Lake Charles site. Lake Charles LNG Export entered into a prior development agreement with Shell in March 2019; however, Shell withdrew from the project in March 2020 due to adverse market factors affecting Shell’s business following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The project as currently designed is fully permitted by federal, state and local authorities, has all necessary export licenses and benefits from the infrastructure related to the existing regasification facility at the same site, including four LNG storage tanks, two deep water docks and other assets. 
Since the beginning of 2022, Lake Charles LNG Export has executed six LNG off-take agreements, for an aggregate of nearly 8 million tonnes per annum, including a 20-year LNG agreement with Shell NA LNG LLC. We have also signed nonbinding letter agreements with two Japanese customers for LNG offtake, and we are in active negotiations with several customers for long-term offtake contracts for significant volumes of LNG. We are making progress on all aspects of the project. Upon completion of the LNG project, we expect to realize significant incremental cash flows from transportation of natural gas on our Trunkline pipeline system, and other Energy Transfer pipelines upstream from Lake Charles.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
MotorTrend programming is engaging and informative, featuring the very best of the automotive world as told by top experts and personalities. In addition to series and specials exemplifying the very best of the automotive genre, the network broadcasts approximately 100 hours of live event coverage every year. 
In 2017, Discovery formed a joint venture ("MTG", then known as "VTEN") with MotorTrend (then Velocity) and TEN (now MotorTrend Group) to create a leading automotive digital media company comprised of consumer automotive brands including MotorTrend, HOTROD, Automobile, and more. MotorTrend SVOD service, which is part of the transaction and is being enhanced with MotorTrend content, represents the Company's first direct-to-consumer opportunity in the U.S. Discovery has a 67.5%  ownership interest in the new joint venture. The joint venture is controlled and consolidated by Discovery. (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
HGTV reached approximately 89 million  subscribers in the U.S. as of December 31, 2018 . HGTV reached approximately 20 million  combined subscribers and viewers in international markets as of December 31, 2018 .
