SALESFORCE INC report:
Our professional services and other gross margin was positive $18 million during fiscal 2020 and positive $22 million during fiscal 2019. We expect the cost of professional services to be approximately in line with revenues from professional services in future fiscal quarters. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. 
For fiscal 2020, the increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase of approximately $561 million in employee-related costs, an increase of $203 million in stock-based expenses, an increase in our development and test data center costs and allocated overhead. Our research and development headcount increased by 54 percent since fiscal 2019 in order to improve and extend our service offerings, develop new technologies, and integrate acquired companies. Our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase in headcount. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. 
For fiscal 2020, the increase in marketing and sales expenses was primarily due to an increase of $1.1 billion in employee-related costs and amortization of deferred commissions, an increase of $209 million in stock-based expenses, an increase in amortization of purchased intangible assets of $120 million, and allocated overhead. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by 36 percent since fiscal 2019, primarily attributable to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. Our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase in headcount. We expect that marketing and sales expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to hire additional sales personnel.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
operations through voting rights, do not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses, or do not have the right to receive the residual returns of the entity. We consolidate the assets and liabilities of VIEs when we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the party that has the power to make the decisions that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
On January 1, 2020, we adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) using the modified retrospective approach. The cumulative after-tax effect of the changes made to our consolidated financial statements for the adoption of Topic 326 was as follows: 
We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units, Consumer and Business. Revenue is disaggregated by products and services within Consumer, and customer groups (Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale) within Business. See Note 13 for additional information on revenue by segment. Corporate and other primarily includes insurance captive revenues as well as the historical results of divested businesses, including Verizon Media.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our website address is www.bunge.com. Through the "Investors: SEC Filings" section of our website, it is possible to access our periodic report filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports. Also, filings made pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act with the SEC by our executive officers, directors and other reporting persons with respect to our common shares are made available through our website. Our periodic reports and amendments, and the Section 16 filings, are available through our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such report, amendment or filing is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
Through the "Investors: Governance" section of our website (www.bunge.com), it is also possible to access copies of the charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Finance and Risk Policy Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee, and Strategic Review Committee. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Conduct are also available on our website. Each of these documents is also made available free of charge through our website. 
The foregoing information regarding our website and its content is for your convenience only. The information contained in or connected to our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this report, or filed with the SEC.
