ALLSTATE CORP report:
National General Distributed through over 43,000 independent agent locations, approximately 540 retail stores, contact centers and online. Answer Financial Comparison quotes and sales offered to customers online or through contact centers. 
Allstate exclusive agents also support the Protection Services and Allstate Health and Benefits segments through offering roadside assistance, consumer protection plans and voluntary benefits products. We have expanded the non-proprietary product suite to include a range of life insurance products offered by third-party providers. 
Exclusive agent compensation structure The compensation structure for Allstate exclusive agents rewards them for delivering high value to customers and achieving certain business outcomes such as profitable growth and household penetration. Allstate exclusive agent remuneration comprises a base commission, variable compensation and a bonus.

SALESFORCE INC report:
(1) The Company retired $ 576 million of fully depreciated intangible assets during fiscal 2021, of which $ 485 million were included in acquired developed technology, $ 57 million in customer relationships and $ 34 million in other. 
Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations reflect the fair value of future billings of amounts that are contractually committed by acquired companies' existing customers as of the acquisition date. Customer contract assets are amortized over the corresponding contract terms. Customer contract assets resulting from business combinations were $ 42 million and $ 93 million as of January 31, 2021 and January 31, 2020, respectively, and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill amounts are not amortized, but are rather tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In the Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other markets, competition remains high, primarily as a result of increased industry focus on technology convergence. We compete in this area with system integrators, carriers, and hardware and software providers. In addition, some of the largest information technology services companies are making strategic acquisitions, divesting non-strategic assets and forging new alliances to improve their cost structure. Many new alliances and acquisitions have focused on emerging fields, such as cloud computing, software defined network, communication applications and other computing tasks via networks, rather than by the use of in-house machines. 
In the Small and Medium Business market, customer purchasing behaviors and preferences continue to evolve. Solution speed and simplicity with user interfaces that have a consumer-like "look and feel" are becoming key differentiators for customers who are seeking full life-cycle offers that simplify the process of starting, running and growing their businesses. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. 
Our Wholesale business competes with traditional carriers for long-haul, voice and IP services. In addition, mobile video and data needs are driving a greater need for wireless backhaul. Network providers, cable companies and niche players are competitors for this business opportunity.
