ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
ETC Sunoco and Energy Transfer R&M (collectively, “Sunoco Defendants”) are defendants in lawsuits alleging MTBE contamination of groundwater. The plaintiffs, state-level governmental entities, assert product liability, nuisance, trespass, negligence, violation of environmental laws, and/or deceptive business practices claims. The plaintiffs seek to recover compensatory damages, and in some cases also seek natural resource damages, injunctive relief, punitive damages, and attorneys’ fees. 
As of December 31, 2022, Sunoco Defendants are defendants in four cases, including one case each initiated by the States of Maryland, one by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and two by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. The more recent Puerto Rico action is a companion case alleging damages for additional sites beyond those at issue in the initial Puerto Rico action. The actions brought by the State of Maryland and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania have also named as defendants ETO, ETP Holdco, and Sunoco Partners Marketing & Terminals L.P. (now known as Energy Transfer Marketing & Terminals L.P.). 
It is reasonably possible that a loss may be realized in the remaining cases; however, we are unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss in excess of amounts accrued. An adverse determination with respect to one or more of the MTBE cases could have a significant impact on results of operations during the period in which any such adverse determination occurs, but such an adverse determination likely would not have a material adverse effect on the Partnership’s consolidated financial position.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The functional currency of most of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We are exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that we enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies ("non-functional currency risk"). Such transactions include affiliate and ad sales arrangements, content arrangements, equipment and other vendor purchases and intercompany transactions. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses based upon period-end exchange rates. We also record realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Moreover, we will experience fluctuations in our revenues, costs and expenses solely as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
We also are exposed to unfavorable and potentially volatile fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, which is our reporting currency, against the currencies of our operating subsidiaries when their respective financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Cumulative translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of equity. Any increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against any foreign functional currency of one of our operating subsidiaries will cause us to experience unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) with respect to amounts already invested in such foreign currencies. Accordingly, we may experience a negative impact on our net income (loss), other comprehensive income (loss) and equity with respect to our holdings solely as a result of changes in foreign currency. 
The majority of our foreign currency exposure is to the Euro, Polish zloty, and the Brazilian real. We may enter into spot, forward and option contracts that change in value as foreign currency exchange rates change to hedge certain exposures associated with affiliate revenue, the cost for producing or acquiring content, certain intercompany transactions or in connection with forecasted business combinations. These contracts hedge forecasted foreign currency transactions in order to mitigate fluctuations in our earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our objective in managing exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is to reduce volatility of earnings and cash flows. The net market value of our foreign currency derivative instruments intended to hedge future cash flows held at December 31, 2018  was an asset value of $10 million . Most of our non-functional currency risks related to our revenue, operating expenses and capital expenditures were not hedged as of December 31, 2018 . We generally do not hedge against the risk that we may incur non-cash losses upon the translation of the financial statements of our subsidiaries and affiliates into U.S. dollars.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits with banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. As of December 31, 2019 , we also had $ 37 million of restricted cash recorded within other current assets. Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash was $ 1,328 million as of December 31, 2019. 
We account for transfers of financial assets, such as uncommitted revolving non-recourse accounts receivable factoring arrangements, when we have surrendered control over the related assets. Determining whether control has transferred requires an evaluation of relevant legal considerations, an assessment of the nature and extent of our continuing involvement with the assets transferred and any other relevant considerations. We use receivable factoring arrangements periodically when circumstances are favorable to manage liquidity. We have nonrecourse factoring arrangements in which we sell eligible trade receivables primarily to banks in exchange for cash. We may then continue to collect the receivables sold, acting solely as a collecting agent on behalf of the banks. The outstanding principal amount of receivables under these arrangements amounted to $ 760 million as of December 31, 2019 , $ 819 million as of December 31, 2018 and $ 843 million as of December 31, 2017 . The incremental costs of factoring receivables under this arrangement were approximately $ 10 million or less in each of the years presented. The proceeds from the sales of receivables are included in cash from operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost and depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Machinery and equipment are depreciated over periods ranging from 3 to 20 years and buildings and building improvements over periods up to 40 years.
