MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Examples of laws and regulations that affect our business include workplace safety regulations; selective food taxes; labeling requirements such as front-of-pack labeling based on nutrient profiles; sales or media and marketing restrictions such as those on promotions or advertising products with specified nutrient profiles on certain channels or platforms or during certain hours of the day; sanctions on sales or sourcing of raw materials; potential withdrawal of cross-border trade concessions as retaliation or imposition of new border barriers for other reasons; changes in the corporate tax policies of the United States and other countries; and packaging taxes. In addition, at least 25 countries in the European Union have implemented extended producer responsibility (“EPR”) policies as part of national packaging waste policies that make manufacturers responsible for the cost of recycling food and beverage packaging after consumers use it. These range from mandatory regulations to voluntary agreements between government and industry to voluntary industry initiatives. EPR policies are also being contemplated in other jurisdictions around the world, including certain states in the United States. 
Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multinational environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. We are also subject to legislation designed to reduce emissions from greenhouse gases, and many countries are considering introducing carbon taxes that could increase our production costs or those of our suppliers. 
We continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. Also refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for additional information on government regulations and currency-related impacts on our operations in the United Kingdom, Argentina and other countries.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Recent market disruptions involving the COVID-19 pandemic have negatively impacted our earnings and cash flows from operations and may continue to do so. Demand for natural gas, NGLs, refined products and/or crude oil caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has generally trended toward a recovery since the lows experienced from the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020. However, recent variants of COVID-19 have continued to cause market disruptions and earnings volatility in 2021. Any future variants or resurgence of existing variants could result in decreased volumes transported on our pipeline systems and decreased overall utilization of our midstream services. 
With respect to commodity prices, the outlook is mixed and could have a varying impact on our business. Crude oil prices have seen significant recovery recently; however, global supply uncertainty has kept the forward curve in steep backwardation. Additionally, the market continues to be impacted by heightened levels of demand uncertainty as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. We cannot predict the future impacts, or the duration of such impacts, resulting from COVID-19. 
Natural gas prices have also strengthened over the past year. Uncertainty about winter weather, particularly in Texas, has supported opportunity on our intrastate transportation and storage assets. In addition, high European natural gas prices have increased demand for LNG exports from the U.S., which has further helped to support prices. The overall outlook for our midstream services will depend, in part, on the timing and extent of recovery in the commodity markets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company has operating leases for corporate offices, data centers, and equipment under noncancellable operating leases with various expiration dates. The leases have noncancellable remaining terms of 1 year to 18 years, some of which include options to extend for up to 5 years, and some of which include options to terminate within 1 year. 
Prior to the adoption of Topic 842 on February 1, 2019, the Company recognized operating lease costs on a straight-line basis once control of the space was achieved. Rent expense was $ 365 million for fiscal 2019. 
(1) As a result of the reassessment of the lease term of 350 Mission, the ROU asset and corresponding lease liability were remeasured to exclude the estimated lease payments for the renewal option periods and reclassified as operating leases, resulting in the derecognition of $ 262 million in buildings and building improvements. After remeasurement and reclassification, the lease represented $ 148 million in operating lease ROU assets. The $ 225 million in remeasured lease liabilities were also reclassified to operating lease liabilities during the period.
