COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component of income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties recognized during 2020 and 2019 and accrued at the end of each respective period were not material. 
The Company is currently under audit by several jurisdictions in the United States and in several foreign countries. Some audits may conclude in the next 12 months and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement amounts. It is not practical to estimate the effect, if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions in connection with the audits. The Company does not anticipate that there will be a material increase or decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
The Company files income tax returns in the United States, various state and local jurisdictions, in Canada, and in several other foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examination for years before fiscal 2017. The Company is currently subject to examination in California for fiscal years 2013 to present.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
As of December 31, 2021, approximately 1,570 of our pending claims have been reported to the MCCA, of which approximately 70% represents claims that occurred more than 5 years ago. There are 59 Allstate brand claims with reserves in excess of $15 million as of December 31, 2021, which comprise approximately 21% of the gross ending reserves in the table above. As a result, significant developments with a single claimant can result in volatility in prior year incurred claims. 
Intercompany reinsurance We enter into certain intercompany insurance and reinsurance transactions in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. These reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
Catastrophe reinsurance Our catastrophe reinsurance program is designed to address our exposure to catastrophes nationwide, utilizing our risk management methodology. Our program is designed to provide reinsurance protection for catastrophes resulting from multiple perils including hurricanes, windstorms, hail, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, and fires following earthquakes. These reinsurance agreements are part of our catastrophe management strategy, which is intended to provide our shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business, while providing protection to our customers.

BOEING CO report:
Some of our development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis and BDS customers are increasingly seeking fixed priced proposals for new programs. Examples of significant fixed-price development programs include Commercial Crew, Saudi F-15, USAF KC-46A Tanker, T-X Trainer, VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, MQ-25 Stingray, and commercial and military satellites. New programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. In the third quarter, we were awarded contracts to develop the T-X Trainer aircraft with complementary devices and the MQ-25 Stingray. We recorded orders of $1,618 million and recognized losses of $691 million associated with these contracts. Many development programs have highly complex designs. As technical or quality issues arise during development, we may experience schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. These programs are ongoing, and while we believe the cost and fee estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of these programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, the loss of satellite in-orbit incentive payments, or other financially significant exposure. These programs have risk for reach-forward losses if our estimated costs exceed our estimated contract revenues. 
T-X Trainer In September 2018, we were selected by the U.S. Air Force to build the next generation training capability, known as T-X. The program includes aircraft and simulators as well as support and ground equipment. The contract is structured as an indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) fixed-price contract with a minimum of 206 aircraft and a maximum of 475 aircraft. The EMD contract is a fixed-price contract valued at $813 million and includes five aircraft and seven simulators, with a period of performance that runs through 2022. The production and support contracts are structured as options that begin with authorization from fiscal year 2022 to 2034. In connection with winning this competition, we recorded a reach-forward loss of $400 million associated with anticipated losses on the options for 346 aircraft that we believe are probable of being exercised. We believe that our investment in this contract positions us for additional market opportunities for both trainer and light attack aircraft. 
MQ-25 Stingray In August 2018, we were awarded an EMD contract to build the MQ-25 Stingray for the U.S. Navy. The EMD contract is a fixed-price contract that includes development and delivery of four aircraft and test articles at a contract price of $805 million. In connection with winning this competition, we recognized a reach-forward loss of $291 million. The period of performance runs from 2018 through 2024. The MQ-25 Stingray is the U.S. Navy’s first operational carrier-based unmanned aircraft, and we believe that our investment in this contract positions us for long-term leadership in autonomy and artificial intelligence technologies along with additional market opportunities.
