SALESFORCE INC report:
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and their customers together in the digital age. Founded in 1999, we enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain and artificial intelligence, to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. 
With our Customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to help companies with their digital transformation. Customer 360 gives teams sales, service, marketing and commerce capabilities and more, and a single shared view of their customers so they can work together to build lasting, trusted relationships and deliver the personalized experiences their customers expect. With our acquisition of Slack Technologies, Inc. (“Slack”) in July 2021, we are also creating a new digital headquarters where companies, employees, governments, and stakeholders can create success from anywhere. 
Our Customer 360 service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, rapidly deployed and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. We also enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings.

BOEING CO report:
The following assumptions, which are the weighted average for all plans, are used to calculate the benefit obligation at December 31 of each year and the net periodic benefit cost for the subsequent year. 
The discount rate for each plan is determined based on the plans’ expected future benefit payments using a yield curve developed from high quality bonds that are rated as Aa or better by at least half of the four rating agencies utilized as of the measurement date. The yield curve is fitted to yields developed from bonds at various maturity points. Bonds with the ten percent highest and the ten percent lowest yields are omitted. The present value of each plan’s benefits is calculated by applying the discount rates to projected benefit cash flows. 
The pension fund’s expected return on plan assets assumption is derived from a review of actual historical returns achieved by the pension trust and anticipated future long-term performance of individual asset classes. While consideration is given to historical returns, the assumption represents a long-term, prospective return. The expected return on plan assets component of the net periodic benefit cost for the upcoming plan year is determined based on the expected return on plan assets assumption and the market-related value of plan assets (MRVA). Since our adoption of the accounting standard for pensions in 1987, we have determined the MRVA based on a five-year moving average of plan assets. As of December 31, 2021, the MRVA was approximately $ 4,773 less than the fair market value of assets.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Interest rate risk  is the risk that we will incur a loss due to adverse changes in interest rates relative to the characteristics of our interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Interest rate risk includes risks related to changes in U.S. Treasury yields and other key risk-free reference yields. This risk arises from many of our primary activities, as we invest substantial funds in interest-sensitive assets and issue interest-sensitive liabilities. Changes in interest rates can have favorable and unfavorable effects on our results. For example, increases in rates can improve investment income, but decrease the fair value of our fixed income securities portfolio and increase policyholder surrenders requiring us to liquidate assets. Decreases in rates could increase the fair value of our fixed income securities portfolio while decreasing investment income due to reinvesting at lower market yields and accelerating pay-downs and prepayments of certain investments. 
 For our corporate debt, we monitor market interest rates and evaluate refinancing opportunities as maturity dates approach. To mitigate this risk, we ladder the maturity dates of our debt. For our noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, we monitor market dividend rates and evaluate opportunities to redeem or refinance on or after specified dates. For further detail regarding our debt and our preferred stock, see Note 12 of the consolidated financial 
We manage the interest rate risk in our assets relative to the interest rate risk in our liabilities and our assessment of overall economic and capital risk. One of the measures used to quantify this exposure is duration. The difference in the duration of our assets relative to our liabilities is our duration gap. To calculate the duration gap between assets and liabilities, we project asset and liability cash flows and calculate their net present value using a risk-free market interest rate adjusted for credit quality, sector attributes, liquidity and other specific risks. Duration is calculated by revaluing these cash flows at alternative interest rates and determining the percentage change in aggregate fair value. The cash flows used in this calculation include the expected maturity and repricing characteristics of our derivative financial instruments, all other financial instruments, and certain other items including, unearned premiums, claims and claims expense reserves, annuity liabilities and other interest-sensitive liabilities.
