SALESFORCE INC report:
Integration. Our Integration offering, powered by MuleSoft, makes it easy to connect data from any system to deliver truly connected experiences. MuleSoft helps our customers unlock, unify and secure their data, use discoverable, reusable APIs and integrations and increase their speed and agility to quickly create connected experiences. MuleSoft allows our customers to unlock data across their enterprise, which can create new revenue opportunities, increase operational efficiency and create differentiated customer experiences. 
Our service offerings, including out-of-the-box solutions, are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. We also serve customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small businesses. 
• an industry-leading CRM integrated platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee and an enterprise application marketplace for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;

BOEING CO report:
Used aircraft purchased by the Commercial Airplanes segment and general stock materials are stated at cost not in excess of net realizable value. See ‘Aircraft Valuation’ within this Note for a discussion of our valuation of used aircraft. Spare parts inventory is stated at lower of average unit cost or net realizable value. We review our commercial spare parts and general stock materials quarterly to identify impaired inventory, including excess or obsolete inventory, based on historical sales trends, expected production usage, and the size and age of the aircraft fleet using the part. Impaired inventories are charged to Cost of products in the period the impairment occurs. 
Included in inventory for commercial aircraft programs are amounts paid or credited in cash, or other consideration to certain airline customers, that are referred to as early issue sales consideration. Early issue sales consideration is recognized as a reduction to revenue when the delivery of the aircraft under contract occurs. If an airline customer does not perform and take delivery of the contracted aircraft, we believe that we would have the ability to recover amounts paid. However, to the extent early issue sales consideration exceeds advances and is not considered to be otherwise recoverable, it would be written off in the current period. 
We may, from time to time, incur costs in excess of the amounts required for existing contracts. If we determine the costs are probable of recovery from future orders, then we capitalize the precontract costs we incur, excluding start-up costs which are expensed as incurred. Capitalized precontract costs are included in Inventories in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Should future orders not materialize or we determine the costs are no longer probable of recovery, the capitalized costs would be written off.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Internet serv ices. We offer our Fios customers fast and reliable 100% fiber-optic Internet connectivity. As customers connect more devices in their home and stream more high definition video, the need for a fast and reliable Internet connection is growing. In 2017, we introduced our Gigabit Connection in the marketplace, offering speeds of up to 940 Mbps on download and 880 Mbps on upload. As additional cloud-based applications are introduced, we believe that customers will place an increasing value on upstream bandwidth performance that matches what they already receive for download. In other areas of our footprint where Fios service is not available, we offer high speed Internet (HSI) using Digital Subscriber Line technology. 
Video services.  We offer video service over our fiber-optic network. As of December 31, 2018 , Fios video services were available to homes across 9 states, as well as the District of Columbia. We have several offerings available to our Fios TV customers, including 
Fios Custom TV, which provides customers with seven distinct package offerings. Each package includes the local versions of the major broadcast stations and other similar local content and then adds on more than 45 specialty channels driven by popular viewership choices;
