SALESFORCE INC report:
Our marketing and sales expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s trade names, customer lists and customer relationships. 
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel, professional services fees and allocated overhead. 
We allocate overhead such as information technology infrastructure, rent and occupancy charges based on headcount. Employee benefit costs and taxes are allocated based upon a percentage of total compensation expense. As such, these types of expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
There are no regulatory restrictions that limit the payment of dividends by the Corporation, except those generally applicable to corporations incorporated in Delaware. Dividends are payable only out of certain components of shareholders’ equity as permitted by Delaware law. However, the ability of the Corporation to pay dividends is dependent on business conditions, income, cash requirements of the Company, receipt of dividends from AIC and other relevant factors. 
The payment of shareholder dividends by AIC without the prior approval of the Illinois Department of Insurance (“IL DOI”) is limited to formula amounts based on net income and capital and surplus, determined in conformity with statutory accounting practices, as well as the timing and amount of dividends paid in the preceding twelve months. AIC paid dividends of $2.87 billion  in 2018 . The maximum amount of dividends AIC will be able to pay without prior IL DOI approval at a given point in time during 2019  is $2.73 billion , less dividends paid during the 
preceding twelve months measured at that point in time. The payment of a dividend in excess of this amount requires 30 days advance written notice to the IL DOI. The dividend is deemed approved, unless the IL DOI disapproves it within the 30 day notice period. Additionally, any dividend must be paid out of unassigned surplus excluding unrealized appreciation from investments, which for AIC totaled $11.15 billion  as of December 31, 2018 , and cannot result in capital and surplus being less than the minimum amount required by law.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
• Search advertising . Our search properties serve as a guide for users to discover information on the internet. Verizon Media serves click-based search advertisements generated by proprietary algorithmic technology, as well as advertisements from partners. Verizon Media provides the underlying search products that facilitate user searches within Verizon Media and third-party partner properties. 
• Display advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage proprietary data signals to identify and engage users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through the Verizon Media Ad Platform, we provide customers the ability to buy advertising inventory and measure campaigns across screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services. We also provide publishers with the ability to monetize their ad inventory. 
• Ecommerce. Our Ecommerce offering includes different types of business models, including facilitating transactions between businesses and consumers, enabling businesses that facilitate transactions for other businesses and facilitating transactions between consumers.
