WORLD KINECT CORP report:
While the pandemic and associated impacts on economic activity had a limited adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition in the beginning of 2020, we experienced a sharp decline in demand and related sales during the second quarter, as large sectors of the global economy were adversely impacted by the crisis. Demand showed some moderate improvement through the second half of 2020, however, our results remained well below pre-pandemic levels as described in greater detail below. Since the level of activity in our business and that of our customers has historically been driven by the level of economic activity globally, we generally expect these negative impacts to continue through 2021. Any subsequent recovery will be dependent on, among other things, the actions taken by governments and businesses to contain and combat the virus, the speed and effectiveness of vaccine development and distribution, as well as how quickly, and to what extent, normal economic and operating conditions can resume on a sustainable basis globally. 
Our aviation segment has benefited from growth in our fuel and related services offerings, as well as our improving logistics capability and the impact of expanding our aviation fueling operations footprint into additional international airport locations. However, as a result of COVID-19, the overall aviation market, principally commercial passenger airlines, has been significantly impacted by global travel restrictions and a sharp decrease in demand for air travel. Accordingly, during the second and through the fourth quarter of 2020, we experienced a material volume decline in our commercial aviation business as compared to 2019 and, to a somewhat lesser extent, a significant reduction in our business and general aviation activities. Our results of operations in these lines of business for 2021 will be highly contingent on the timing and extent to which international border and travel restrictions are lifted and the global economy begins to recover from the effects of the current crisis. 
Furthermore, our aviation segment has benefited from significant sales to NATO in Afghanistan, which accounts for a material portion of our aviation segment's profitability. The level of troop deployments and military-related activities can cause our government customer sales to vary significantly and materially impact our operating results. Specifically, the U.S. government has significantly reduced the level of U.S. troops in the Middle East, including the troops supporting NATO in Afghanistan. In connection therewith, in the early part of 2020, the U.S. entered into an agreement with the Taliban where it agreed to reduce the level of troops and negotiate a full withdrawal by 2021, subject to various conditions including a peace agreement being reached between the government of Afghanistan and the Taliban. The U.S. government has since moved forward with a significant reduction in the level of troops. While the exact timing and full impact of the troop withdrawal remain uncertain, we have experienced a material decline in demand since the end of the first quarter of 2020 and may continue to experience further reductions in demand into 2021 .

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
While we do not anticipate further changes in the 2020 assumptions for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension and postretirement health care plans, as a sensitivity measure, a fifty-basis point change in our discount rates or the expected rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects, increase/(decrease), on our annual benefit plan costs: 
In accordance with obligations we have under collective bargaining agreements, we participate in multiemployer pension plans. In 2017, the only individually significant multiemployer plan we contributed to was the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund. Our obligation to contribute to the Fund arose with respect to 8 collective bargaining agreements covering most of our employees represented by the Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco and Grain Millers Union. All of those collective bargaining agreements expired in 2016. In 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal from the Fund and recorded a $429 million estimated withdrawal liability. On July 11, 2019, we received an undiscounted withdrawal liability assessment from the Fund totaling $526 million requiring pro-rata monthly payments over 20 years and we recorded a $35 million final adjustment to reduce our 
As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. The provision for income taxes includes the amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. Our provision for income taxes is significantly affected by shifts in the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings across tax jurisdictions, changes in tax laws and regulations, tax planning opportunities available in each tax jurisdiction and the ultimate outcome of various tax audits.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The proposed SPOT project consists of onshore and offshore facilities, including a fixed platform located approximately 30 nautical miles off the Texas coast in approximately 115 feet of water. SPOT is designed to load VLCCs and other crude oil tankers at rates of approximately 85,000 barrels per hour. The platform will be connected to an onshore storage facility with approximately 4.8 MMBbls of capacity in Brazoria County, Texas, by two 36-inch, bi-directional pipelines. Additionally, the SPOT project includes state-of-the-art pipeline control, vapor recovery and leak detection systems that are designed to minimize emissions. 
The receipt of the ROD is a significant milestone in the process to obtain a license for SPOT under the Deepwater Port Act. Remaining conditions that we must address and satisfy to obtain approval for the license issuance include routine construction, operating and decommissioning guarantees, submission of public outreach, wetland restoration and volatile organic compound (“VOC”) monitoring plans, and other state approvals. We expect to satisfy these remaining conditions in 2023; however, we can give no assurance as to when or whether the project will ultimately be authorized to begin construction or operation.
In April 2022, Enterprise and Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, LLC (“OLCV”), a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corporation, announced that we have executed a letter of intent to work toward a potential carbon dioxide (“CO 2 ”) transportation and sequestration solution for the Texas Gulf Coast. The joint project would initially be focused on providing services to emitters in the industrial corridors from the greater Houston to Beaumont/Port Arthur areas. The initiative would combine Enterprise’s leadership position in the midstream energy sector with OLCV’s extensive experience in subsurface characterization and CO 2 sequestration.
