MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) We maintain a multi-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility for general corporate purposes, including working capital needs, and to support our commercial paper program. The revolving credit agreement includes a covenant that we maintain a minimum shareholders' equity of at least $ 25.0 billion, excluding accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses), the cumulative effects of any changes in accounting principles and earnings/(losses) recognized in connection with the ongoing application of any mark-to-market accounting for pensions and other retirement plans. At December 31, 2022, we complied with this covenant as our shareholders' equity, as defined by the covenant, was $ 37.8 billion. The revolving credit facility also contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. There are no credit rating triggers, provisions or other financial covenants that could require us to post collateral as security . 
(3) On July 11, 2022, we entered into a supplemental term loan credit facility that can be utilized for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. Under this agreement we may draw up to a total of $ 2.0 billion in term loans from the facility. The maturity dates of any loans drawn under this facility will be eighteen months after the funding date of the applicable loan(s). 
(4) On March 31, 2022, we entered into a supplemental term loan credit facility that can be utilized for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. Under this agreement we may draw up to a total of $ 2.0 billion in term loans from the facility. On July 29, 2022, we drew down $ 2.0 billion in term loans, due July 29, 2025, bearing interest at a variable annual rate based on SOFR plus an applicable margin.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The San Juan Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the San Juan Basin in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado and delivers the natural gas either directly into interstate pipelines (if dry natural gas) or to regional natural gas plants, including our Chaco facility, for further processing (if rich natural gas) prior to being transported on interstate pipelines.
 • The Permian Basin Gathering System is comprised of the 993-mile Carlsbad pipeline system, the 636-mile Waha pipeline system, the 34-mile Orla pipeline system and the 18-mile Mentone pipeline system. The Permian Basin Gathering System gathers natural gas from the Permian Basin for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Chaparral, South Eddy, Waha, Mentone and Orla plants, and delivers residue and treated natural gas into our Texas Intrastate System and third party pipelines.
 • The White River Hub is a natural gas hub facility serving producers in the Piceance Basin. The facility enables producers to access six interstate natural gas pipelines and has a gross throughput capacity of 3 Bcf/d of natural gas. Our 50% ownership interest in White River Hub is held indirectly through our equity method investment in White River Hub, LLC.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In our land segment, we primarily offer fuel, heating oil, propane, natural gas, lubricants and related products and services to petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and government customers. Our land-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel and price risk management. We primarily conduct these activities throughout most of the U.S. as well as parts of the U.K. and Brazil. We also offer advisory and fulfillment solutions with respect to power, natural gas and other energy products, as well as sustainability consulting, renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management brand with offices in the U.S., Australia and throughout Europe. In addition, we offer transaction management services, which include card payment solutions, government payment systems for global fuel procurement, merchant processing services, payment solutions for tolls across Europe, and commercial payment programs. 
In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies. These transactions may be pursuant to fuel purchase contracts or through spot sales. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain strategic locations, including pipelines. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market‑based formulas. 
Finally, we provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal commonly referred to as “racks,” which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third‑parties.
