MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We aim to be the global leader in snacking. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and our leveraging our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, and deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
On July 9, 2018, Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. ("Keurig") closed on its definitive merger agreement with Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., and formed Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (NYSE: "KDP"), a publicly traded company. Following the close of the transaction, our 24.2% investment in Keurig together with our shareholder loan receivable became a 13.8% investment in KDP. During the third quarter of 2018, we recorded a preliminary pre-tax gain of $757 million reported as a gain on equity method transaction and $184 million of deferred tax expense reported in the provision for income taxes (or $573 million after-tax gain) related to the change in our ownership interest while KDP finalized the valuation for the transaction. During our fourth quarter of 2018, KDP finalized its opening balance sheet and we increased our pre-tax gain by $21 million (or $13 million after tax) to $778 million (or $586 million after tax) for 2018. We hold two director positions on the KDP board as well as additional governance rights. As we continue to have significant influence, we continue to account for our investment in KDP under the equity method, resulting in recognizing our share of their earnings within our earnings and our share of their dividends within our cash flows. In connection with this transaction, we changed our accounting principle to reflect our share of Keurig's historical and KDP's ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis while we continue to record dividends when cash is received. We determined a lag was preferable as it enables us to continue to report our quarterly and annual results on a timely basis and to record our share of KDP’s ongoing results once KDP has publicly reported its results. This change in accounting principle was applied retrospectively to all periods. While our operating income did not change, equity method investment net earnings, net earnings and earnings per share have been adjusted to reflect the lag across all reported periods. Refer to Note 6, Equity Method Investments , for additional information. 
On December 22, 2017, the United States enacted tax reform legislation ("U.S. tax reform") that included a broad range of business tax provisions, including but not limited to a reduction in the U.S. federal tax rate from 35% to 21% as well as provisions that limit or eliminate various deductions or credits. The legislation also causes U.S. allocated expenses (e.g. interest and general administrative expenses) to be taxed and imposes a new tax on U.S. cross-border payments. Furthermore, the legislation includes a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and profits. While clarifying guidance was issued by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) during 2018, further tax guidance is expected during 2019.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We utilize underground salt dome storage caverns and above-ground storage tanks to store mixed and purity NGLs, petrochemicals and related products that are owned by us and our customers. The results of operations from our storage facilities are dependent upon the level of storage capacity reserved by customers, the volume of product delivered into and withdrawn from storage, and the fees associated with each activity.
Primarily consists of operational storage capacity for our major pipeline systems, including the Mid-America Pipeline System, Dixie Pipeline and TE Products Pipeline. We own substantially all of this storage capacity.
Our largest underground storage facility is located in Chambers County, Texas. This facility consists of 38 underground salt dome caverns used to store and redeliver mixed and purity NGLs, petrochemicals and related products. This facility has an aggregate usable storage capacity of 129.8 MMBbls, a brine system with approximately 36 MMBbls of above-ground brine storage capacity and five wells used in brine production.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In a high fuel price environment, cash and liquidity is a significant priority for us. Our primary use of cash and liquidity is to fund working capital and strategic investments. Increases in fuel prices can negatively affect liquidity by increasing the amount of cash required to fund fuel purchases. In addition, while we are usually extended unsecured trade credit from our suppliers for our fuel purchases, rising fuel prices may reduce the amount of fuel we can purchase on an unsecured basis, and in certain cases, we may be required to prepay fuel purchases, which would negatively impact our liquidity. Fuel price increases may also negatively impact our customers, where they may not be able to purchase as much fuel from us because of their credit limits with us and the resulting adverse impact on their business could cause them to be unable to make payments owed to us for fuel purchased on credit. They may also choose to reduce the amount of fuel they consume in their operations to reduce costs. In any such event, the volume of orders from our customers may thereafter decrease and we may not be able to replace lost volumes with new or existing customers. 
We believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2018 and available funds from our Credit Facility, together with cash flows generated by operations, remain sufficient to fund our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. In addition, to further enhance our liquidity profile, we may choose to raise additional funds which may or may not be needed for additional working capital, capital expenditures or other strategic investments. Our opinions concerning liquidity are based on currently available information. To the extent this information proves to be inaccurate, or if circumstances change, future availability of trade credit or other sources of financing may be reduced and our liquidity would be adversely affected. Factors that may affect the availability of trade credit or other forms of financing include our financial performance (as measured by various factors, including cash provided by operating activities), the state of worldwide credit markets, and our levels of outstanding debt. Depending on the severity and direct impact of these factors on us, financing may be limited or unavailable on terms favorable to us. 
The following table reflects the major categories of cash flows for 2018 , 2017 and 2016 . For additional details, please see the consolidated statements of cash flows in the consolidated financial statements.
