COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is the principal for the majority of its transactions and recognizes revenue on a gross basis. The Company is the principal when it has control of the merchandise or service before it is transferred to the member, which generally is established when Costco is primarily responsible for merchandising decisions, maintains the relationship with the member, including assurance of member service and satisfaction, and has pricing discretion. 
The Company accounts for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, ratably over the one-year membership period. Deferred membership fees at the end of 2020 and 2019 were $ 1,851 and $ 1,711 , respectively. 
In most countries, the Company's Executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases (up to a maximum of approximately $1,000 per year), which does not expire and can be redeemed only at Costco warehouses. The Company accounts for this reward as a reduction in sales, net of the estimated impact of non-redemptions (breakage), with the corresponding liability classified as accrued member rewards in the consolidated balance sheets. Estimated breakage is computed based on redemption data. For 2020, 2019 and 2018, the net reduction in sales was $ 1,707 , $ 1,537 , and $ 1,394 respectively.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Overall, we believe the Partnership’s outlook is strong, as it has a stable business that has demonstrated its ability to manage through various market cycles. We expect future growth to be supported by production improvements, improved market conditions, and increased utilization of our existing assets, as well as strong domestic and international demand for our products. 
While we anticipate that current and projected commodity prices and the related impact to activity levels in both the upstream and midstream sectors will continue to impact our business, we cannot predict the ultimate magnitude of that impact and expect it to be varied across our operations, depending on the region, customer, type of service, contract term and other factors. 
In addition, the U.S. economy has experienced rising inflation in 2022, which has resulted in higher costs for labor, services, and materials. Our suppliers and customers also face inflationary pressures, and our throughput volumes may be impacted if producers are constrained. While the rate and scope of various inflationary factors may increase our operating costs and capital expenditures materially, we anticipate that any such impacts would be recoverable in the prices of our services.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years , which, although longer than the typical initial contract period, reflects the average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit, the Company evaluated both qualitative and quantitative factors which included the estimated life cycles of its offerings and its customer attrition. Additionally, the Company amortizes capitalized costs for renewals and success fees paid to partners over two years . 
The capitalized amounts are recoverable through future revenue streams under all non-cancelable customer contracts. The Company periodically evaluates whether there have been any changes in its business, the market conditions in which it operates or other events which would indicate that its amortization period should be changed or if there are potential indicators of impairment. 
During fiscal 2019 , the Company capitalized $1.0 billion  of costs to obtain revenue contracts and amortized $0.7 billion  to marketing and sales expense. During the same period a year ago, the Company capitalized $1.2 billion  of costs to obtain revenue contracts and amortized $0.6 billion  to marketing and sales expense. Costs capitalized to obtain a revenue contract, net on the Company's consolidated  balance sheets totaled $2.0 billion  at January 31, 2019  and $1.8 billion  at January 31, 2018 . There were no impairments of costs to obtain revenue contracts in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017.
