WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We also have accounts receivable financing programs under receivables purchase agreements (“RPAs”) with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Citibank, N.A. that allow for the sale of our accounts receivable in an amount up to 100% of our outstanding qualifying accounts receivable balances and receive cash consideration equal to the total balance, less a discount margin equal to LIBOR plus 1.00% to 3.25%, which varies based on the outstanding accounts receivable at any given time and assumes maximum utilization of the RPA facilities. During the third quarter of 2020, we amended our RPA with Citibank N.A. to, among other things, extend the renewal option term of the RPA through 2024. The RPA agreements provide the banks with the ability to add or remove customers from these programs based on, among other things, the level of risk exposure the bank is willing to accept with respect to any customer. The fees the banks charge us to purchase the receivables from these customers can also be impacted for these reasons. Under the RPAs, accounts receivable sold which remained outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019, were $306.9 million and $405.9 million, respectively. The reduction in accounts receivable sold and outstanding at December 31, 2020 was driven primarily by lower fuel prices and the decline in activity in our commercial aviation and marine businesses due to the impact of the pandemic on airlines and cruise lines. 
Short-Term Debt . As of December 31, 2020, our short-term debt of $22.9 million primarily represents the current maturities (within the next twelve months) of Term Loan borrowings and finance lease obligations. 
Our contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements are set forth below. For additional information on any of the following and other contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements, see "Note 8. Debt, Interest Income, Expense and Other Finance Costs" and "Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies" within "Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" included in this 2020 10-K Report.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Annually we assess indefinite-life intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of these intangible assets. If significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. We determine estimated fair value using estimates of future sales, earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, we consider the asset impaired and reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair value. We amortize definite-life intangible assets over their estimated useful lives and evaluate them for impairment as we do other long-lived assets. 
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and our obligation for employee healthcare benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis by evaluating and making judgments about historical claims experience and other actuarial assumptions and the estimated impact on future results. 
We predominantly sell food and beverage products across several product categories and in all regions as disclosed in Note 18, Segment Reporting . We recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers, which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. A small percentage of our net revenues relates to the licensing of our intellectual property, predominantly brand and trade names, and we record these revenues when earned within the period of the license term. We account for product shipping, handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
On a related note, we completed and placed into service a third processing train (“Orla III”) at our cryogenic natural gas processing facility located near Orla, Texas in Reeves County in July 2019. The Orla facility is capable of processing up to 900 MMcf/d of natural gas and extracting up to 140 MBPD of NGLs. Like Mentone, the Orla facility and related infrastructure supports continued growth of NGL-rich natural gas production from the Delaware Basin. We own and operate the Orla facility.
In November 2019, we placed our Bulldog cryogenic natural gas processing plant, which is located near Carthage, Texas, into service. The Bulldog plant has the capability to process up to 200 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract up to 12 MBPD of NGLs. When combined with our legacy Panola cryogenic plant, Bulldog provides us with the capacity to process up to a total of 320 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract up to 18 MBPD of NGLs in the region. The new plant supports continued growth of natural gas production from the Cotton Valley and Haynesville formations in East Texas. In addition, the Bulldog plant complements our value chain as the mixed NGLs produced at the plant are transported on the Panola pipeline to Mont Belvieu for fractionation.
In December 2019, we completed construction and placed our isobutane dehydrogenation (“iBDH”) unit into service. The facility, which is located at our Mont Belvieu complex and supported by long-term, fee-based contracts, is capable of processing approximately 25 MBPD of butane into nearly 1 billion pounds per year of isobutylene. Production from the iBDH plant will enable us to optimize our methyl tertiary butyl ether (“MTBE”) and high purity isobutylene (“HPIB”) assets and meet growing market demand for isobutylene.
