US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
This table excludes the vendor receivable related allowance for doubtful accounts of $3 million  at both December 29, 2018  and December 30, 2017  and $2 million  at December 31, 2016 . 
 Under its accounts receivable financing facility dated as of August 27, 2012, as amended (the “ABS Facility”), USF sells, on a revolving basis, its eligible receivables to a wholly owned, special purpose, bankruptcy remote subsidiary (the “Receivables Company”). The Receivables Company, in turn, grants a continuing security interest in all of its rights, title and interest in the eligible receivables to the administrative agent, for the benefit of the lenders as defined by the ABS Facility. The Company consolidates the Receivables Company and, consequently, the transfer of the receivables is a transaction internal to the Company and the receivables have not been derecognized from the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. On a daily basis, cash from accounts receivable collections is remitted to the Company as additional eligible receivables are sold to the Receivables Company. If, on a weekly settlement basis, there are not sufficient eligible receivables available as collateral, the Company is required to either provide cash collateral or, in lieu of providing cash collateral, it can pay down its borrowings on the ABS Facility to cover the shortfall. Due to sufficient eligible receivables available as collateral, no  cash collateral was held at December 29, 2018  or December 30, 2017 . Included in the Company’s accounts receivable balance as of December 29, 2018  and December 30, 2017  was approximately $1.0 billion  of receivables held as collateral in support of the ABS Facility. See Note 12, Debt, for a further description of the ABS Facility. 
 The Company classifies its closed facilities as assets held for sale at the time management commits to a plan to sell the facility, the facility is actively marketed and available for immediate sale, and the sale is expected to be completed within one year. Due to market conditions, certain facilities may be classified as assets held for sale for more than one year as the Company continues to actively market the facilities at reasonable prices.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Cardiac Rhythm Management — Development of next-generation rhythm management technologies, including enhanced patient engagement and expanded magnetic resonance (MR)-compatibility. • Heart Failure — Continued enhancements to Abbott's left ventricular assist systems and pulmonary artery heart failure system, including enhanced connectivity, user-interfaces and remote patient monitoring. • Electrophysiology — Development of next-generation technologies in the areas of ablation, diagnostic, mapping and visualization and recording and monitoring. • Vascular — Development of next-generation technologies for use in coronary and peripheral vascular procedures. • Structural Heart — Development of minimally-invasive devices for the repair and replacement of heart valves and other structural heart conditions. • Neuromodulation — Development of next-generation technologies with enhanced patient and physician engagement and expanded MR-compatibility to treat chronic pain, movement disorders and other indications. Diabetes Care — Develop enhancements and additional indications for the FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring system to help patients improve their ability to manage diabetes. 
Core Laboratory Diagnostics — Abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry and hematology systems, along with assays, including a focus on unmet medical need, in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, as well as informatics and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories. 
Nutritionals — Abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric and adult nutrition areas: gastro intestinal/immunity health, brain health, mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. Numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income increased $9 million ( 1.8% ), primarily due to higher net pricing, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses (including a property insurance recovery), lower manufacturing costs and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. These favorable items were mostly offset by higher raw material costs, unfavorable currency, unfavorable volume/mix, higher costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, the impact of divestitures and higher intangible asset impairment charges. 
Net revenues increased $328 million ( 3.3% ), due to favorable volume/mix (3.1 pp) and favorable currency (2.3 pp), partially offset by the impact of divestitures (1.5 pp) and lower net pricing (0.6 pp). Favorable volume/mix was driven by chocolate, biscuits and candy, partially offset by declines in cheese & grocery, gum and refreshment beverages. Favorable currency impacts reflected the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro, British pound sterling, Polish zloty and Czech koruna, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, primarily the Russian ruble and Turkish lira. The impact of divestitures, due to the sale of a confectionery business in France and the termination of certain Kraft Heinz Company-owned grocery brand licenses, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $137 million for 2018. Lower net pricing was driven by chocolate and biscuits, partially offset by higher net pricing in cheese & grocery, candy and gum. 
Segment operating income increased $124 million ( 7.7% ), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, favorable currency, lower raw material costs, lower divestiture-related costs and the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, lower net pricing, lapping the prior-year benefit from the settlement of a Cadbury tax matter, higher intangible asset impairment charges and the impact from divestitures.
