ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
On October 1, 2020, the EPA granted approval to the State of Oklahoma under Section 10211(a) of the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act of 2005 (the “SAFETE Act”) to administer all of the State’s existing EPA-approved regulatory programs to Indian Country within the state except: Indian allotments to which Indians titles have not been extinguished; lands that are held in trust by the United States on behalf of any Indian or Tribe; lands that are owned in fee by any Tribe where title was acquired through a treaty with the United States to which such tribe is a party and that have never been allotted to any citizen or member of such Tribe. The approval extends the State’s authority for existing EPA-approved regulatory programs to all lands within the State to which the State applied such programs prior to the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling in McGirt . However, several Tribes have expressed dissatisfaction with the consultation process performed in relation to this approval, and it is possible that EPA’s approval under the SAFETE Act could be challenged. Additionally, the SAFETE Act provides that any Tribe in Oklahoma may seek “Treatment as a State” by the EPA, and it is possible that one or more of the Tribes in Oklahoma may seek such an approval from EPA. At this time, we cannot predict how these jurisdictional issues may ultimately be resolved. 
As of December 31, 2020, ET and its consolidated subsidiaries employed an aggregate of 11,421 employees, 1,217 of which are represented by labor unions. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. 
Our employees are our greatest asset, and we seek to attract and retain top talent by fostering a culture that is guided by our core values in a manner that respects all people and cultures, promotes safety, and focuses on the protection of public health and the environment.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
“Adjusted EPS” is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations excluding the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income definition as well as losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; gain on equity method investment transactions; net earnings from divestitures (2) ; gains or losses on interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges due to changed financing and hedging plans and U.S. tax reform discrete impacts (10) . Similarly, within Adjusted EPS, our equity method investment net earnings exclude our proportionate share of our investees’ unusual or infrequent items (11) . We also evaluate growth in our Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis (3) . 
When items no longer impact our current or future presentation of non-GAAP operating results, we remove these items from our non-GAAP definitions. During 2018, we added to the non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of: remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in Argentina (see footnote (5) below) and the impact from pension participation changes (see footnote (9) below). 
Divestitures include completed sales of businesses and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. See Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for information on divestitures and acquisitions impacting the comparability of our results.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In August 2020, the FASB issued guidance simplifying the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models available for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. The guidance amends the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity’s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions, requires the use of the if-converted method for calculating earnings per share for convertible instruments, and makes targeted improvements to the disclosures for convertible instruments and related earnings per share guidance. This guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021. The Company does not expect adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
In May 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with AT&T Inc. to combine with WarnerMedia’s ("WarnerMedia") entertainment, sports and news assets to create a standalone, global entertainment company. 
The proposed combination transaction will be executed through a Reverse Morris Trust type transaction, under which WarnerMedia will be distributed to AT&T’s shareholders via a pro rata distribution (i.e., a spin off). In connection with the combination transaction, AT&T will receive approximately $ 43 billion (subject to working capital and other adjustments) in a combination of cash, debt securities and WarnerMedia’s retention of certain debt. The Company has concluded that it will be considered the accounting acquirer. The Company established an interest rate derivative program to mitigate interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of future fixed-rate debt by WarnerMedia, which is expected to be guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company upon closing of the transaction. (See Note 10.)
