SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2020, management announced its plans to continue to recommend to the Board of Enterprise GP an increase of $0.0025 per unit per quarter to our cash distribution rate with respect to 2020. The anticipated rate of increase would result in distributions for 2020 (of $1.805 per unit) being 2.3% higher than those paid with respect to 2019 (of $1.765 per unit). The payment of any quarterly cash distribution is subject to Board approval and management’s evaluation of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in connection with such payments.
In addition, management announced its intention to use approximately 2.0% of net cash flow provided by operating activities, or cash flow from operations (“CFFO”), in 2020 to repurchase EPD common units under the Buyback Program approved in January 2019 (the “2019 Buyback Program”). For information regarding the 2019 Buyback Program, including repurchases of common units in 2019, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources – Common Unit Buyback Program” within this Part II, Item 7.
In December 2019, we completed the first processing train at our Mentone cryogenic natural gas processing facility (“Mentone I”) and placed it into service. The Mentone facility, which is located in Loving County, Texas, has a current capacity to process 300 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract more than 40 MBPD of NGLs. Mentone and its related infrastructure further extends our presence in the Delaware Basin and provides producers access to our fully integrated midstream asset network, including our Texas Intrastate System and Shin Oak NGL Pipeline. We own and operate the Mentone facility and related infrastructure. With Mentone I in operation, we have the capability to process up to 1.6 Bcf/d of natural gas and extract up to 250 MBPD of NGL production from our processing facilities in the Delaware Basin.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In Molecular Diagnostics, sales decreased 27.4 percent in 2022 and 2.9 percent in 2021, excluding the effect of foreign exchange. In both years, the decreases were driven by lower demand for Abbott’s laboratory-based PCR molecular tests for COVID-19, partially offset by growth in other areas from the continued roll-out of the Alinity m platform . Molecular Diagnostics COVID-19 testing-related sales were $411 million in 2022, $891 million in 2021, and $1.0 billion in 2020. In 2022, Molecular Diagnostics sales increased 9.0 percent, excluding COVID-19 testing-related sales, and 13.8 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and COVID-19 testing-related sales. In 2021, Molecular Diagnostics sales increased 29.2 percent, excluding COVID-19 testing-related sales, and increased 27.0 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and COVID-19 testing-related sales. 
Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, total Medical Devices sales grew 8.1 percent in 2022 and 19.4 percent in 2021. In 2022 and 2021, the increase was driven by growth in Diabetes Care, Structural Heart, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure. The 2022 and 2021 growth in Diabetes Care sales was driven by continued growth of FreeStyle Libre, Abbott’s continuous glucose monitoring system, in the U.S. and internationally. FreeStyle Libre sales totaled $4.3 billion in 2022, which reflected a 22.4 percent increase, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, over 2021. FreeStyle Libre sales totaled $3.7 billion in 2021, which reflected a 36.8 percent increase, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, over 2020 when sales totaled $2.6 billion. 
In 2022, while procedure volumes across Abbott’s cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses were negatively impacted by new surges of COVID-19 in various geographies as well as intermittent COVID-19 lockdown restrictions in China and healthcare staffing challenges throughout the year, overall volumes improved in several businesses versus 2021. I n Electrophysiology, the 7.3 percent growth, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, reflects the increase in procedure volumes and the continued roll‑out of Abbott’s EnSite X EP System with EnSite Omnipolar Technology (OT), a new cardiac mapping platform available in the U.S., Japan and across Europe.
