VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Consumer and Business offer several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches. We permit customers to acquire equipment from us using device payment plans, which permit the customer to pay for the device in installments over time. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, the Consumer segment sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis. Consumer also provides non-connectivity services including device protection, cloud storage, and other products. 
Residential Fixed Services . We provide residential fixed connectivity solutions to customers over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio, and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. In addition, our Long-Term Evolution (LTE) Home fixed wireless access internet service is available in parts of all 50 states across the U.S.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The ultimate extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance depends on certain developments, including the duration of the pandemic and any resurgences, the severity of the disease, responsive actions taken by public health officials, the development, distribution and public acceptance of treatments and vaccines, the impacts on our customers and our sales cycles, our ability to generate new business leads, the impacts on our customers, employee and industry events, and the effects on our vendors, all of which are uncertain and currently cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. As a result, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. Due to our primarily subscription-based business model, the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. If the COVID-19 pandemic has a substantial impact on our employees’, partners’ or customers’ productivity, our results of operations and overall financial performance may be harmed. In addition, the global macroeconomic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts on our customers’ business operations and their demand for our products and services may persist for an indefinite period, even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided. 
• Earnings per Share : Fiscal 2021 diluted earnings per share was $4.38 as compared to earnings per share of $0.15 from a year ago, and was benefited by approximately $2.0 billion from the one-time discrete tax benefit resulting from the recognition of deferred tax assets related to an intra-entity transfer of intangible property and an unrealized gain of $1.7 billion associated with the initial public offerings of two of our strategic investments. 
• Cash: Cash provided by operations for fiscal 2021 was $4.8 billion, an increase of 11 percent year-over-year. Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ended fiscal 2021 at $12.0 billion.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Investments : exposure to market risk, asset allocation, credit quality, total return, net investment income, cash flows, net gains and losses on investments and derivatives, unrealized capital gains and losses, long-term returns and asset duration 
The measure of segment profit or loss used in evaluating performance is underwriting income for the Allstate Protection and Run-off Property-Liability segments and adjusted net income for the Protection Services, Allstate Health and Benefits, and Corporate and Other segments. 
Underwriting income is calculated as premiums earned and other revenue, less claims and claims expense (“losses”), Shelter-in-Place Payback expense, amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs (“DAC”), operating costs and expenses, amortization or impairment of purchased intangibles, and restructuring and related charges, as determined using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). We use this measure in our evaluation of results of operations to analyze profitability.
