WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For convenience, the terms “Discovery,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to refer to both Discovery, Inc. and collectively to Discovery, Inc. and one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
In May 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with AT&T Inc. to combine with WarnerMedia’s ("WarnerMedia") entertainment, sports and news assets to create a standalone, global entertainment company. 
The proposed combination transaction will be executed through a Reverse Morris Trust type transaction, under which WarnerMedia will be distributed to AT&T’s shareholders via a pro rata distribution (i.e., a spin off). In connection with the combination transaction, AT&T will receive approximately $43 billion (subject to working capital and other adjustments) in a combination of cash, debt securities and WarnerMedia’s retention of certain debt. The Company has concluded that it will be considered the accounting acquirer. The Company established an interest rate derivative program to mitigate interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of future fixed-rate debt by WarnerMedia, which is expected to be guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company upon closing of the transaction. (See Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our equity investments in the Texas Express Gathering System and the Texas Express Pipeline increased a combined $18.3 million year-to-year primarily due to contractual increases in committed shipper volumes. Gross operating margin from our Dixie Pipeline and related terminals increased a $9.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher transportation volumes, which increased 19 MBPD year-to-year. Gross operating margin from our Tri-States NGL Pipeline increased $8.7 million year-to-year primarily due to a 10 MBPD (net to our interest) increase in transportation volumes. 
Gross operating margin from our South Texas NGL Pipeline System decreased a net $25.6 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average transportation fees, which accounted for a $13.7 million decrease, lower transportation volumes, which accounted for a $7.0 million of the decrease, and higher maintenance costs, which accounted for an additional $4.1 million decrease. Transportation volumes for the South Texas NGL Pipeline System decreased 21 MBPD year-to-year. 
Comparison of 2018 with 2017 . Gross operating margin from NGL fractionation for 2018 increased $16.2 million when compared to 2017. Gross operating margin from our Hobbs NGL fractionator increased $10.2 million year-to-year primarily due to higher product blending revenues, which accounted for a $3.2 million increase, and lower maintenance and other operating costs, which accounted for an additional $4.5 million increase. NGL fractionation volumes increased 4 MBPD year-to-year.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We monitor for changes in tax laws and reflect the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. When there is refinement to tax law changes in subsequent periods, we account for the new guidance in the period when it becomes known. 
In October 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) which requires companies to recognize and measure customer contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination as if the acquiring company originated the related revenue contracts. Prior to adopting this ASU, acquired contract assets and liabilities were measured at fair value. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 and early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the timing and effects of adopting this ASU and currently we do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In March 2020 and subsequently in January 2021, the FASB issued an ASU to provide optional accounting guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform. The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions to existing accounting requirements for contract modifications and hedge accounting related to transitioning from discontinued reference rates, such as LIBOR, to alternative reference rates, if certain criteria are met. The new accounting requirements can be applied as of the beginning of the interim period including March 12, 2020, or any date thereafter, through December 31, 2022. We expect to adopt this standard in the fourth quarter of 2022. Based on our evaluation of our contracts to date, we do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
