VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our Wireline segment provides communications products and enhanced services, including video and data services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services and local and long distance voice services. We provide these products and services to consumers in the U.S., as well as to carriers, businesses and government customers both in the U.S. and around the world.  In 2018 , Wireline revenues were $29.8 billion , representing approximately 23%  of Verizon’s aggregate revenues. 
To compensate for the shrinking market for traditional copper-based products (such as voice services), we continue to build our Wireline business around a fiber-based network supporting data, video and advanced business services - areas where demand for reliable high-speed connections is growing. We continue to seek ways to increase revenue, further realize operating and capital efficiencies and maximize profitability across the segment. We are reinventing our network architecture around a common fiber platform that will support both our wireless and wireline businesses. We expect our "multi-use fiber" Intelligent Edge Network initiative will create opportunities to generate revenue from fiber-based services in our Wireline business.   
Consumer Markets provides residential fixed connectivity solutions, including Internet, TV and voice services. We provide these services over our 100% fiber-optic network under the brand "Fios" and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. In 2018 , Consumer Markets revenues were $12.6 billion , representing approximately 42%  of Wireline’s aggregate revenues.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Processing, an increase of $443 million was due to higher Net sales in excess of higher Cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong demand in our soybean processing businesses across all regions, as described above. 
• In Merchandising, an increase of $264 million was due to higher Net sales in excess of higher Cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong demand in our global corn and global oil businesses, as described above. 
SG&A expenses increased $30 million, or 6%, to $520 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $490 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase was mainly due to higher variable incentive costs on the back of improved overall company profitability, partially offset by savings associated with ongoing cost initiatives, lower expenses due to COVID-19 travel restrictions, favorable translation impacts as most currencies in which SG&A expenses are

SALESFORCE INC report:
Strategic Investments. Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. 
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment due to the lack of readily available market data. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying values of our privately held equity securities are adjusted if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of our strategic investments in privately held companies, we utilize the most recent data available, as adjusted to reflect the specific rights and preferences of those securities we hold. 
We assess our privately held debt and equity securities strategic investment portfolio quarterly for impairment. Our impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative analyses of key factors including the investee’s financial metrics, market acceptance of the product or technology, and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered to be impaired, we record the investment at fair value by recognizing an impairment through the consolidated statement of operations and establishing a new carrying value for the investment.
