MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We run our business with a long-term perspective, and we believe the successful delivery of our strategic plan will drive top- and bottom-line growth and enable us to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
We sell our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries, including 133 manufacturing and processing facilities across 45 countries. The portion of our net revenues generated outside the United States was 73.2% in 2020, 74.4% in 2019 and 75.3% in 2018. For more information on our U.S. and non-U.S. operations, refer to Note 18, Segment Reporting; on our manufacturing and other facilities, refer to Item 2, Properties ; and risks related to our operations outside the United States, see Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
• Our emerging markets include our Latin America region in its entirety; the Asia, Middle East and Africa (“AMEA”) region, excluding Australia, New Zealand and Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The fair value information presented in the sensitivity analysis tables excludes the impact of applying Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”) Rule 814, which deems that financial instruments cleared by the CME are settled daily in connection with variation margin payments. As a result of this exchange rule, CME-related derivatives are considered to have no fair value at the balance sheet date for financial reporting purposes; however, the derivatives remain outstanding and subject to future commodity price fluctuations until they are settled in accordance with their contractual terms. Derivative transactions cleared on exchanges other than the CME (e.g., the Intercontinental Exchange or ICE) continue to be reported on a gross basis.
We may utilize interest rate swaps, forward-starting swaps, options to enter into forward-starting swaps (“swaptions”), treasury locks and similar derivative instruments to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates charged on borrowings under certain consolidated debt agreements. This strategy may be used in controlling our overall cost of capital associated with such borrowings.The price of energy commodities such as natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market conditions and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. In order to manage such price risks, we enter into commodity derivative instruments such as physical forward contracts, futures contracts, fixed-for-float swaps and basis swaps.
At December 31, 2022, our predominant commodity hedging strategies consisted of (i) hedging anticipated future purchases and sales of commodity products associated with transportation, storage and blending activities, (ii) hedging the fair value of commodity products held in inventory and (iii) hedging natural gas processing margins. For a summary of our portfolio of commodity derivative instruments outstanding, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report .
The following tables show the effect of hypothetical price movements on the estimated fair values of our principal commodity derivative instrument portfolios at the dates indicated (dollars in millions).

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We have elected to omit in this 2020 10‑K Report, discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements presented. Refer to "Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" located in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 (herein incorporated by reference), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020, for management's discussion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. 
We are a leading global fuel services company, principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and services in the aviation, land and marine transportation industries. In recent years, we have expanded our land product and service offerings to include energy advisory services and supply fulfillment for natural gas and power to commercial, industrial and government customers. Our intention is to become a leading global energy management company offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment services, technology solutions, payment management solutions, as well as sustainability products and services across the energy product spectrum. We will continue to focus on enhancing the portfolio of products and services we provide based on changes in customer demand, including sustainability offerings and renewable energy solutions . 
Beginning in the first quarter of 2020 and through the date of this filing, the aviation, marine and land transportation industries, along with global economic conditions generally, have been significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. A large number of our customers in these industries have experienced a substantial decline in business activity, especially commercial airlines and cruise lines, which have been particularly impacted by ongoing travel restrictions. Customers in our marine and land segments have also been adversely affected by these restrictions and the reduction in operations of various businesses in affected regions. These impacts have consequently increased the credit risk associated with a number of these customers, particularly in industries that are largely dependent on travel or consumer spending. In response to these developments, we took swift action to ensure the safety of our employees and other stakeholders and initiated a number of initiatives relating to cost reduction, liquidity and operating efficiencies.
