ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to the Investment in Sunoco LP segment increased  due to the net impacts of the following: 
an increase of $18 million  in gross margin (excluding a $65 million  change in fair value adjustments related to inventory and unrealized gains and losses on commodity risk management activities) primarily caused by an increase in wholesale motor fuel gross profit per gallon, partially offset by a net increase in other gross profit consisting of merchandise, rental & other and retail motor fuel of $13 million ; 
a decrease of $27 million  in general and administrative expenses primarily due to higher costs in 2016 related to relocation, employee termination, and higher contract labor and professional fees as the Partnership transitioned offices in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Houston, Texas, and Corpus Christi, Texas to Dallas during 2016; and

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For each non-wholly owned subsidiary, the Company evaluates its ownership and other interests to determine whether it should consolidate the entity or account for its ownership interest as an investment. As part of its evaluation, the Company makes judgments in determining whether the entity is a VIE and, if so, whether it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE and is thus required to consolidate the entity. (See Note 4.) If it is concluded that an entity is not a VIE, then the Company considers its proportional voting interests in the entity. The Company consolidates majority-owned subsidiaries in which a controlling financial interest is maintained. A controlling financial interest is determined by majority ownership and the absence of significant third-party participating rights. Ownership interests in entities for which the Company has significant influence that are not consolidated are accounted for as equity method investments. 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
Significant estimates and judgments inherent in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements include accounting for asset impairments, revenue recognition, allowances for doubtful accounts, content rights, leases, depreciation and amortization, business combinations, share-based compensation, defined benefit plans, income taxes, other financial instruments, contingencies, and the determination of whether the Company should consolidate certain entities.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our provision for income taxes includes amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effects of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of our assets and liabilities, operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years in which those differences are expected to reverse. 
The realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. When assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider any carryback potential, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (including liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits), future taxable income and tax planning strategies. 
We recognize tax benefits in our financial statements from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. The amount we recognize is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon resolution. Future changes related to the expected resolution of uncertain tax positions could affect tax expense in the period when the change occurs.
