BOEING CO report:
Private equity investment vehicles are primarily limited partnerships (LPs) that mainly invest in U.S. and non-U.S. leveraged buyout, venture capital, growth and special situation strategies. Real estate and real assets include global private investments that may be held through investments in a limited partnership (LP) or other fund structures and publicly traded investments (such as Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) in the case of real estate). Real estate includes, but is not limited to, investments in office, retail, apartment and industrial properties. Real assets include, but are not limited to, investments in natural resources (such as energy, farmland and timber), commodities and infrastructure. 
Hedge fund investments seek to capitalize on inefficiencies identified across and within different asset classes or markets. Hedge fund strategy types include, but are not limited to, directional, event driven, relative value and long-short. 
Investment managers are retained for explicit investment roles specified by contractual investment guidelines. Certain investment managers are authorized to use derivatives, such as equity or bond futures, swaps, options and currency futures or forwards. Derivatives are used to achieve the desired market exposure of a security or an index, transfer value-added performance between asset classes, achieve the desired currency exposure, adjust portfolio duration or rebalance the total portfolio to the target asset allocation.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Net costs for our defined benefit plans are recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and consist of two elements: 1) costs comprised of service and interest costs, expected return of plan assets, amortization of prior service credit and curtailment gains and losses which are reported in property and casualty claims and claims expense, operating costs and expenses, net investment income and, if applicable, restructuring and related charges and 2) remeasurement gains and losses comprised of changes in actuarial assumptions and the difference between actual and expected returns on plan assets which are recognized immediately in earnings as part of pension and other postretirement remeasurement gains and losses. 
We recognize expected returns on plan assets using an unadjusted fair value method. Our policy is to remeasure our pension and postretirement plans on a quarterly basis. We immediately recognize remeasurement of projected benefit obligation and plan assets in earnings as it provides greater transparency of our economic obligations in accounting results and better aligns the recognition of the effects of economic and interest rate changes on pension and other postretirement plan assets and liabilities in the year in which the gains and losses are incurred. 
Differences in actual experience and changes in other assumptions affect our pension and other postretirement obligations and expenses. Differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets affect remeasurement gains and losses. The primary factors contributing to pension and postretirement remeasurement gains and losses are: 1) changes in the discount rate used to value pension and

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Financing Arrangements and Outstanding Indebtedness —We conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the company efficient access to debt and capital markets. This structure includes a master trust, the primary assets of which consist of intercompany loans made to Bunge Limited and its subsidiaries. Certain of 
Bunge Limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, Bunge Limited Finance Corp., Bunge Finance Europe B.V. and Bunge Asset Funding Corp., fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. Borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by Bunge Limited. 
Revolving Credit Facilities —At December 31, 2018 , we had $5,015  million of aggregate committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities, of which $4,515  million was unused and available. The following table summarizes these facilities as of the periods presented:
