SALESFORCE INC report:
The expected future amortization expense for intangible assets as of January 31, 2023 was as follows (in millions):  
The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill, which is generally not deductible for tax purposes, were as follows (in millions): 
(1) Adjustments include measurement period adjustments for business combinations from the prior year, including approximately $ 249 million in fiscal 2023 related to the Company’s July 2021 acquisition of Slack Technologies, Inc. (“Slack”) and the effect of foreign currency translation.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Absolute return funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2020 and 2019. Investments in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 90 days . For approximately $ 245 million and $ 110 million of the absolute return funds, redemptions are subject to a 33 percent gate and a 25 percent gate, respectively, and $ 60 million is subject to a lock until 2022. Investments in the private funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2021 to 2030. Abbott’s unfunded commitment in these funds was $ 523 million and $ 579 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
The investment mix of equity securities, fixed income and other asset allocation strategies is based upon achieving a desired return, as well as balancing higher return, more volatile equity securities with lower return, less volatile fixed income securities. Investment allocations are made across a range of markets, industry sectors, capitalization sizes, and in the case of fixed income securities, maturities and credit quality. The plans do not directly hold any securities of Abbott. There are no known significant concentrations of risk in the plans’ assets. Abbott’s medical and dental plans’ assets are invested in a similar mix as the pension plan assets. The actual asset allocation percentages at year end are consistent with the company’s targeted asset allocation percentages.
The plans’ expected return on assets, as shown above is based on management’s expectations of long-term average rates of return to be achieved by the underlying investment portfolios. In establishing this assumption, management considers historical and expected returns for the asset classes in which the plans are invested, as well as current economic and capital market conditions.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
$ ( 5 ) $ ( 2 ) $ 13   Change in fair value of interest rate swaps 1   ( 11 ) ( 14 ) Amounts reclassified to interest expense 5   6   ( 6 ) Total before income tax 6   ( 5 ) ( 20 ) Income tax (benefit) provision 1   ( 2 ) ( 5 ) Current year comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 5   ( 3 ) ( 15 ) Balance as of end of year (1) 
The Company’s effective income tax rates for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2022, January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019 were 23 %, 23 % and 25 %, respectively. The determination of the Company’s overall effective income tax rate requires the use of estimates. The effective income tax rate reflects the income earned and taxed in U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions based on enacted tax law, permanent differences between book and tax items, tax credits and the Company’s change in relative income in each jurisdiction. Changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and the Company’s effective income tax rate in the future. 
The reconciliation of the provision (benefit) for income taxes at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 % to the Company’s income tax provision (benefit) for the fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 is shown below:
