SALESFORCE INC report:
For fiscal 2021, the increase in marketing and sales expenses was primarily due to an increase of $1.4 billion in employee-related costs and amortization of deferred commissions, an increase of $89 million in stock-based expenses, an increase in amortization of purchased intangible assets of $107 million, and allocated overhead partially offset by a reduction in employee travel and expenses. Marketing and sales expenses for fiscal 2021 were also negatively impacted by the one-time partial minimum commission guarantee offered to our direct sales force. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by 14 percent since fiscal 2020, primarily attributable to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. We expect that marketing and sales expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to hire additional sales personnel. We also expect an increase in marketing and sales expenses due to the gradual increase of travel and related expenses in the second half of fiscal 2022. 
For fiscal 2021, the increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs as well as being impacted by our charitable donations to members of our ecosystem and community. Our general and administrative headcount increased by 12 percent since fiscal 2020 as we added personnel to support our growth. While not material to date, we may experience increasing credit loss risks from accounts receivable in future periods depending on the duration or degree of economic slowdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and our actual experience in the future may differ from our past experiences or current assessments. 
As a result of the June 2019 Salesforce.org business combination, we effectively settled all existing agreements between ourselves and Salesforce.org and, as part of business combination accounting, accordingly recorded a one-time, non-cash operating expense charge of approximately $166 million in fiscal 2020 related to the effective settlement of the reseller agreement.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense increased $161.3 million year-to-year primarily due to assets placed into full or limited service since 2018 (e.g., the Shin Oak and Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipelines).
Non-cash asset impairment charges increased $82.2 million year-to-year primarily due to the $76.4 million write-off of our equity method investment in Centennial Pipeline LLC and the planned shutdown of certain natural gas processing assets in Texas and Louisiana.
Operating income for 2019 increased $ 670.1 million when compared to 2018 due to the previously described year-to-year changes in revenues, operating costs and expenses, general and administrative costs and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated February 18, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
