ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We operate all of our natural gas processing facilities except for the Venice plant. On a weighted-average basis, utilization rates for our natural gas processing facilities were approximately 66.5%, 58.1% and 57.6% during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Midland Basin natural gas processing facility. The Midland Basin natural gas processing facility consists of five natural gas processing plants, which includes four natural gas processing plants (Newberry I, Newberry II, Trident and Taylor) that we acquired as part of our acquisition of Navitas Midstream Partners, LLC (“Navitas Midstream”) in February 2022 and a fifth natural gas processing plant (Leiker), which we completed construction of and placed into service in March 2022. See Part II, Item 7 of this annual report for additional information regarding our acquisition of Navitas Midstream.
During 2022, we announced plans to construct two new natural gas processing plants in the Midland Basin, Poseidon (previously referred to as Plant 6) and Leonidas (previously referred to as Plant 7), which are expected to be placed into service in the third quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively. Each of these plants will have the capacity to process 300 MMcf/d of natural gas and extract over 40 MBPD of NGLs and are supported by long-term acreage dedication agreements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Further, certain of our acquisitions may include earn-out provisions or other forms of contingent consideration. As of the acquisition date, we record contingent consideration, as applicable, at the estimated fair value of expected future payments associated with the earn-out. Any changes to the recorded fair value of contingent consideration will be recognized as expenses or earnings in the period in which they occur. Such contingent consideration liabilities are based on best estimates of future expected payment obligations, which are subject to change due to many factors outside of our control. Changes to the estimate of expected future contingent consideration payments may occur, from time to time, due to various reasons, including changing discount rates as well as actual results differing from estimates and adjustments to the revenue or earnings assumptions used as the basis for the liability based on historical experience. 
We promote our products with trade and sales incentives as well as marketing and advertising programs. These programs include, but are not limited to, new product introduction fees, discounts, coupons, rebates and volume-based incentives as well as cooperative advertising, in-store displays and consumer marketing promotions. Trade and sales incentives are recorded as a reduction to revenues based on amounts estimated due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. We base these estimates principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. For interim reporting purposes, advertising and consumer promotion expenses are charged to operations as a percentage of volume, based on estimated sales volume and estimated program spending. We do not defer costs on our year-end consolidated balance sheets and all marketing and advertising costs are recorded as an expense in the year incurred. 
We sponsor various employee benefit plans throughout the world. These include primarily pension plans and postretirement healthcare benefits. For accounting purposes, we estimate the pension and postretirement healthcare benefit obligations utilizing assumptions and estimates for discount rates; expected returns on plan assets; expected compensation increases; employee-related factors such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; and health care cost trends. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when appropriate. Our assumptions also reflect our historical experiences and management’s best judgment regarding future expectations. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Other revenue increase d $ 215 million . Excluding the impact of the acquisition of Scripps Networks and foreign currency fluctuations, other revenue increase d $ 153 million . On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, other revenue increase d $ 147 million . The increases were primarily due to sublicensing of Olympics sports rights to broadcast networks throughout Europe during 2018. 
Costs of revenues increase d 29% , mostly due to the impact of the acquisition of Scripps Networks. Excluding the impact of the acquisition of Scripps Networks and foreign currency fluctuations, costs of revenues increase d 12% . On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, costs of revenues increase d 11% . The increases were primarily attributable to spending on the Olympics, partially offset by content synergies from the integration of Scripps Networks. Content rights expenses, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, was $ 1.4 billion  and $ 1.2 billion  for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 , respectively. On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, content rights expense was $ 1.4 billion  and $ 1.3 billion  for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 , respectively. Content impairment is generally a component of costs of revenue on the consolidated statements of operations. However, during the year ended December 31, 2018 , content impairments of $184 million were reflected as a component of restructuring and other charges as a result of the strategic programming changes following the acquisition of Scripps Networks. No content impairments were recorded as a component of restructuring and other charges during the year ended December 31, 2017 . 
Selling, general and administrative expenses increase d 21% , mostly due to the impact of the acquisition of Scripps Networks. Excluding the impact of the acquisition of Scripps Networks and foreign currency fluctuations, selling, general and administrative expenses increase d 7% . On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, selling, general and administrative expenses increase d 2% . The increases were due to increased marketing spend, particularly related to our digital distribution offerings. On a pro forma combined basis, the increase in costs was partially offset by cost savings from the integration of Scripps Networks.
