SALESFORCE INC report:
We periodically make changes to our sales organization to position us for long-term growth, which has in the past and could again in the future result in temporary disruptions to our sales productivity. In addition, we have experienced, and may at times in the future experience, more variation from our forecasted expectations of new business activity due to longer and less predictable sales cycles and increasing complexity of our business, which includes an expanded mix of products and various revenue models resulting from acquisitions. While we do not expect any of these changes to have a material adverse effect on our business or our ability to meet our near-term or long-term revenue targets, slower growth in new business in a given period could negatively affect our revenues in future periods, as well as remaining performance obligation in current or future periods, particularly if experienced on a sustained basis. 
In December 2019, a novel strain of Coronavirus was reported in Wuhan, China. The World Health Organization has declared the outbreak to constitute a "Public Health Emergency of International Concern." The extent of the impact of the Coronavirus on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, impact on our customers and our sales cycles, impact on our customer, employee or industry events, and effect on our vendors, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. For example, in response to the Coronavirus epidemic, we have shifted certain of our customer events to virtual-only experiences and we may deem it advisable to similarly alter, postpone or cancel entirely additional customer, employee or industry events in the future. At this point, the extent to which the Coronavirus may impact our financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. Due to our subscription based business model, the effect of the Coronavirus may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods, if at all. 
The expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted our revenue results for fiscal 2020 and had a minimal impact on our remaining performance obligation as of January 31, 2020. We expect these fluctuations to continue in the future.

BOEING CO report:
In June 2011, the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) notified ULA that it had determined that $ 271 of deferred support costs are not recoverable under government contracts. In December 2011, the DCMA notified ULA of the potential non-recoverability of an additional $ 114 of deferred production costs. ULA and Boeing believe that all costs are recoverable and in November 2011, ULA filed a certified claim with the USAF for collection of deferred support and production costs. The USAF issued a final decision denying ULA’s certified claim in May 2012. In 2012, Boeing and ULA, through its subsidiary United Launch Services, filed a suit in the Court of Federal Claims seeking recovery of the deferred support and production costs from the U.S. government, which subsequently asserted a counterclaim for credits that it alleges were offset by deferred support cost invoices. We believe that the U.S. government’s counterclaim is without merit. The discovery phase of the litigation completed in 2017. The parties have since agreed to engage in alternative dispute resolution, and the court has stayed the litigation pending that process. If, contrary to our belief, it is determined that some or all of the deferred support or production costs are not recoverable, we could be required to record pre-tax losses up to $ 269 and make indemnification payments to ULA for up to $ 317 of the costs questioned by the DCMA. 
Other Indemnifications In conjunction with our sales of Electron Dynamic Devices, Inc. and Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power businesses and our BCA facilities in Wichita, Kansas and Tulsa and McAlester, Oklahoma, we agreed to indemnify, for an indefinite period, the buyers for costs relating to pre-closing environmental conditions and certain other items. We are unable to assess the potential number of future claims that may be asserted under these indemnifications, nor the amounts thereof (if any). As a result, we cannot estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnities and therefore, no liability has been recorded. To the extent that claims have been made under these indemnities and/or are probable and reasonably estimable, liabilities associated with these indemnities are included in the environmental liability disclosure in Note 14 . 
Credit Guarantees We have issued credit guarantees where we are obligated to make payments to a guaranteed party in the event that the original lessee or debtor does not make payments or perform certain specified services. Generally, these guarantees have been extended on behalf of guaranteed parties with less than investment-grade credit and are collateralized by certain assets. Current outstanding credit guarantees expire through 2036 .

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Operating lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of future minimum lease payments over the lease term. ROU assets are recognized based on the corresponding lease liabilities adjusted for qualifying initial direct costs, prepaid or accrued lease payments and unamortized lease incentives. As most of the 
Company’s leases do not disclose the implicit interest rate, the Company uses collateralized incremental borrowing rates based on information available at lease commencement when determining the present value of future lease payments. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease which are incorporated into the Company’s measurements when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. 
Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and include interest expense on the lease liability and amortization of the ROU asset. Variable lease costs are expensed as incurred and include maintenance costs and real estate taxes. Lease costs are reported in operating costs and expenses and totaled $ 166 million and $ 171 million, including $ 30 million of variable lease costs in both 2020 and 2019.
