SALESFORCE INC report:
Data subscription and support revenues include revenues from term and perpetual software licenses, which are recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Therefore, we expect Data to experience greater volatility in revenues period to period compared to our other service offerings. Additionally, as we transition customers within the Data offering from perpetual and term software licenses to subscription based services, revenue associated with such customers will generally be recognized ratably over the contract term, resulting in potentially less revenue in the period the customer transitions but potentially increasing revenues over the remaining term. 
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. The increase in revenues across all regions was due primarily to the continued execution of our business and growth strategy, including increasing our geographic reach primarily through extending our go-to-market capabilities globally. During fiscal 2023, revenues outside of the Americas were negatively impacted by foreign currency fluctuations by approximately ten percent compared to fiscal 2022. 
For fiscal 2023, the increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase of $638 million in employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. We have increased our headcount associated with our data centers, customer support and professional services by 27 percent since fiscal 2022 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers as well as from our fiscal 2023 acquisition of Traction on Demand. Fiscal 2023 cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, were consistent to that of fiscal 2022.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
• Security services . We offer a suite of management and data security services that help our customers protect, detect and respond to security threats to their networks, data, applications and infrastructure. 
• Core services . We provide a portfolio of domestic and global voice and data solutions utilizing traditional telecommunications technology, including voice calling, messaging services, conferencing, contact center solutions and private line and data access networks. Core services also include the provision of customer premises equipment, and installation, maintenance and site services. 
• IoT services . We provide the network access required to deliver various IoT products and services. We work with companies that purchase network access from us to connect their devices, bundled together with their own solutions, which they sell to end users. We are building IoT capabilities by leveraging business models that monetize usage on our networks at the connectivity, platform and solution layers.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The MCCA indemnifies qualifying claims of all current and former member companies (whether or not actively writing motor vehicle coverage in Michigan) for qualifying claims and claims expenses incurred while the member companies were actively writing the mandatory personal injury protection coverage in Michigan. Member companies actively writing automobile coverage in Michigan include the MCCA annual assessments in determining the level of premiums to charge insureds in the state. 
As required for member companies by the MCCA, the Company reports covered paid and unpaid claims to the MCCA when estimates of loss for a reported claim are expected to exceed the retention level, the claims involve certain types of severe injuries, or there are litigation demands received suggesting the claim value exceeds certain thresholds. The retention level is adjusted upward every other MCCA fiscal year by the lesser of 6 % or the increase in the Consumer Price Index. The retention level will be $ 580 thousand per claim for the fiscal two -years ending June 30, 2021 compared to $ 555 thousand per claim for the fiscal two -years ending June 30, 2019. 
The MCCA is obligated to fund the ultimate liability of member companies’ qualifying claims and claim expenses. The MCCA does not underwrite the insurance coverage or hold any underwriting risk.
