SALESFORCE INC report:
We have historically provided and continue to provide our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also provide our services via cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. In fiscal 2022, we launched Hyperforce, a reimagination of our platform architecture built to securely and reliably deliver the Customer 360 platform on major public clouds, in select regions and with select offerings. We continue to invest in Hyperforce and look to make it available in more regions in fiscal 2023. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions, including our most recent acquisitions of Slack, Tableau, and MuleSoft. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The adoption and implementation of any international, federal or state legislation or regulations that require reporting of GHGs or otherwise restrict emissions of GHGs could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, demand for our services, results of operations, and cash flows. Litigation risks are also increasing, as several oil and gas companies have been sued for allegedly causing climate-related damages due to their production and sale of fossil fuel products or for allegedly being aware of the impacts of climate change for some time but failing to adequately disclose such risks to their investors or customers. Various investors are becoming increasingly concerned about the potential effects of climate change and may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into other sectors. Institutional lenders who provide financing for fossil fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices that favor “clean” power sources such as wind and solar photovoltaic, making those sources more attractive for investment, and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. For example, at COP26, the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (“GFANZ”) announced that commitments from over 450 firms across 45 countries had resulted in over $130 trillion in capital committed to net zero goals. The various sub-alliances of GFANZ generally require participants to set short-term, sector-specific targets to transition their financing, investing, and/or underwriting activities to net zero by 2050. Additionally, there is the possibility that financial institutions will be required to adopt policies that limit funding for fossil fuel energy companies. In late 2020, the Federal Reserve joined the Network for Greening the Financial System (“NGFS”), a consortium of financial regulators focused on addressing climate-related risks in the financial sector. More recently, in November 2021, the Federal Reserve issued a statement in support of the efforts of the NGFS to identify key issues and potential solutions for the climate-related challenges most relevant to central banks and supervisory authorities. Such efforts could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration and production or midstream activities and could also increase the cost of obtaining financings and/or negatively affect terms of financings. 
Finally, climatic events in the areas in which we operate, whether from climate change or otherwise, can cause disruptions and, in some cases, delays in, or suspension of, our services. These events, including but not limited to drought, winter storms, wildfire, extreme temperatures or flooding, may become more intense or more frequent as a result of climate change and could have an adverse effect on our continued operations. If such effects were to occur, our operations could be adversely affected in various ways, including damages to our facilities or our customers’ facilities from powerful winds or rising waters, or increased costs for, or difficulty obtaining, insurance. Another possible consequence of climate change is increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. The market for our NGLs and natural gas is generally improved by periods of colder weather and impaired by periods of warmer weather, so any changes in climate could affect the market for the fuels that we transport, and thus demand for our services. Despite the use of the term “global warming” as a shorthand for climate change, some studies indicate that climate change could cause some areas to experience temperatures substantially colder than their historical averages. As a result, it is difficult to predict how the market for our products could be affected by increased temperature volatility, although if there is an overall trend of warmer temperatures, it would be expected to have an adverse effect on our business. 
We recognize the need to decrease emissions and integrate alternative energy sources into our operations, and we actively pursue economically beneficial opportunities to reduce our environmental footprint throughout our operations. Protecting public health and the environment is the primary initiative of our environmental management teams, both in the construction and operation of our assets. These teams have worked to reduce our emissions and minimize our environmental impact. Some examples of our teams’ efforts include:

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On April 1, 2021, we acquired Gourmet Food, a leading Australian food company in the premium biscuit and cracker category, for closing cash consideration of approximately $ 450 million Australian dollars ($ 343 million), net of cash received. We are working to complete the valuation and have recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation of $ 41 million to indefinite-lived intangible assets, $ 80 million to definite-lived intangible assets, $ 164 million to goodwill, $ 19 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 18 million to inventory, $ 25 million to accounts receivable, $ 12 million to other assets, $ 5 million to operating right of use assets, $ 3 million to other current assets, $ 19 million to current liabilities and $ 5 million to long-term operating lease liabilities. The acquisition added incremental net revenues of $ 49 million and operating income of $ 7 million during 2021. We incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 7 million in 2021. 
On March 25, 2021, we acquired a majority interest in Lion/Gemstone Topco Ltd (“Grenade”), a performance nutrition leader in the United Kingdom, for closing cash consideration of £ 188 million ($ 261 million), net of cash received. The acquisition of Grenade expands our position into the premium nutrition market. We are working to complete the valuation and have recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation of $ 82 million to indefinite-lived intangible assets, $ 28 million to definite-lived intangible assets, $ 181 million to goodwill, $ 1 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 11 million to inventory, $ 18 million to accounts receivable, $ 25 million to current liabilities, $ 20 million to deferred tax liabilities and $ 15 million to long-term other liabilities. The acquisition added incremental net revenues of $ 67 million and operating income of $ 6 million during 2021. We incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 2 million in 2021. 
On January 4, 2021, we acquired the remaining 93 % of equity of Hu Master Holdings (“Hu”), a category leader in premium chocolate in the United States, which provides a strategic complement to our snacking portfolio in North America through growth opportunities in chocolate and other offerings in the well-being category. The initial cash consideration paid was $ 229 million, net of cash received, and we may be required to pay additional contingent consideration. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the acquisition date was $ 132 million and was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation based on forecasted future results. During 2021, based on latest estimates, we recorded a $ 70 million reduction to the liability as recent economic and market conditions related to COVID-19 and supply chain challenges in the U.S. have impacted the pace of growth. This reduction was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. As a result of acquiring the remaining equity interest, we consolidated the operations prospectively from the date of acquisition and recorded a pre-tax gain of $ 9 million ($ 7 million after-tax) related to stepping up our previously-held $ 8 million ( 7 %) investment to fair value. We are working to complete the valuation and have recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation of $ 123 million to indefinite-lived intangible assets, $ 51 million to definite-lived intangible assets, $ 202 million to goodwill, $ 1 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 2 million to inventory, $ 4 million to accounts receivable, $ 5 million to current liabilities and $ 132 million to long-term other liabilities. The acquisition added incremental net revenues of $ 38 million and operating income (inclusive of the adjustment to the contingent consideration liability) of $ 44 million during 2021. We incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 9 million in 2021.
