UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
We have contractual obligations and commitments in the form of capital leases, operating leases, debt obligations, purchase commitments and certain other liabilities. We intend to satisfy these obligations through the use of cash flow from operations. The following table summarizes the expected cash outflow to satisfy our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2018  (in millions): 
Our capital lease obligations relate primarily to leases on aircraft and real estate. Capital leases, operating leases and purchase commitments, as well as our debt principal obligations, are discussed further in note 8  to our consolidated financial statements. The amount of interest on our debt was calculated as the contractual interest payments due on our fixed-rate debt, in addition to interest on variable rate debt that was calculated based on interest rates as of December 31, 2018 . The calculations of debt interest take into account the effect of interest rate swap agreements. For debt denominated in a foreign currency, the U.S. Dollar equivalent principal amount of the debt at the end of the year was used as the basis to calculate future interest payments. 
Purchase commitments represent contractual agreements to purchase assets, goods or services that are legally binding, including contracts for aircraft, construction of new or expanded facilities and orders for technology equipment and vehicles. As of December 31, 2018 , we had firm commitments to purchase 19 new Boeing 747-8F cargo aircraft to be delivered between 2019 and 2022 and nine Boeing 767 aircraft to be delivered between 2019 and 2020.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in countries including the United States, France, Germany, and Japan. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed in the Company's tax audits are resolved in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. 
The Company has operations and taxable presence in multiple jurisdictions in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions around the world. The Company currently considers U.S. federal, Japan, Australia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and Israel to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal tax returns since fiscal 2008 remain open to examination. With some exceptions, tax 
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that a decrease of unrecognized tax benefits up to approximately $ 3 million may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
After approval and commercial launch of some cardiovascular and neuromodulation products, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority. 
In the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) and the In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replace the existing directives in the EU for medical devices and in vitro diagnostic products. The MDR and IVDR will apply after a three-year and five-year transition period, respectively, and will impose additional premarket and postmarket regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. 
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product's efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
