ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We own and operate three isomerization units located in Chambers County, Texas having an aggregate processing capacity of 116 MBPD that comprise the largest commercial isomerization facility in the U.S. We also own and operate a 70-mile pipeline system used to transport high-purity isobutane from Chambers County, Texas to Port Neches, Texas.
The demand for commercial isomerization services depends upon the energy industry’s requirements for isobutane and high-purity isobutane in excess of the isobutane produced through the process of NGL fractionation and refinery operations. Isomerization units convert normal butane feedstock into mixed butane, which is a stream of isobutane and normal butane. DIB units, of which we own and operate ten located at our Chambers County complex, then separate the isobutane from the normal butane. Any remaining unconverted (or residual) normal butane generated by the DIB process is then recirculated through the isomerization process until it has been converted into varying grades of isobutane, including high-purity isobutane. The primary uses of isobutane are for the production of propylene oxide, isooctane, isobutylene and alkylate for motor gasoline. We also use certain of our DIB units to fractionate mixed butanes originating from NGL fractionation activities, imports and other sources into isobutane and normal butane. The operating flexibility provided by our multiple standalone DIBs enables us to capture market opportunities resulting from fluctuations in demand and prices for different types of butanes.
Our isomerization assets provide processing services to meet the needs of third-party customers and our other businesses, including our NGL marketing activities and octane enhancement production facility. On a weighted-average basis, the utilization rates of our isomerization facility were approximately 73.3%, 82.8% and 94.0% during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our production arrangements fall into three categories: produced, coproduced and licensed. Produced content includes content that we engage third parties or wholly-owned production studios to develop and produce. We retain editorial control and own most or all of the rights, in exchange for paying all development and production costs. Coproduced content refers to program rights on which we have collaborated with third parties to finance and develop either because world-wide rights are not available for acquisition or we save costs by collaborating with third parties. Licensed content is comprised of films or series that have been produced by third parties and where we do not own the rights. Payments for sports rights made in advance of the event are recognized as prepaid content license assets. 
International Networks maximizes the use of content from our U.S. Networks. Our non-fiction content tends to be culturally neutral and maintains its relevance for an extended period of time. As a result, a significant amount of our non-fiction content translates well across international borders and is made even more accessible through extensive use of dubbing and subtitles in local languages. Our content can be re-edited and updated in a cost-effective manner to provide topical versions of subject matter that can be utilized around the world. International Networks executes a localization strategy by offering content from U.S. Networks, customized content and localized schedules via our distribution feeds. While our International Networks segment maximizes the use of content from U.S. Networks, we also develop local content that is tailored to individual market preferences and license the rights to air films, television series and sporting events from third-party producers. 
Our largest single expense is content, which includes content amortization, content impairment and production costs. We amortize the cost of capitalized content rights based on the proportion that the current year's estimated revenues bear to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues, which normally results in an accelerated amortization method over the estimated useful lives. However, certain networks also utilize a straight-line method of amortization over the estimated useful lives of the content. Content is amortized primarily over periods of two to five years. The costs for multi-year sports programming arrangements are expensed when the event is broadcast based on the estimated relative value of each season in the arrangement. The majority of our content assets are assessed for impairment within film groups. Content assets are reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators are present at the respective film group level. Impairment indicators at the film group represent significant adverse changes that impact the film group as a whole. Impairment losses are recorded when the carrying value of content assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the respective film group.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Members of the Board of Directors, six corporate officers and the Company are defendants in a shareholder derivative action related to chicken welfare and alleged breaches of fiduciary duties. Smith, et ano. v. Vachris, et al., Superior Court of the State of Washington, County of King, No, 22-2-08937-7SEA, (filed 6/14/22, as amended, 6/30/22); The complaint seeks from the individual defendants damages, injunctive relief, costs, and attorneys' fees. A motion to dismiss the amended complaint has been filed. 
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year. 
The Company is principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses through wholly owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Japan, U.K., Korea, Taiwan, Australia, Spain, France, China, and Iceland. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1 . Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income. Effective for fiscal 2022, stock-based compensation was allocated to the segments in this reporting. This change reflected a decision to evaluate the financial performance of the segments inclusive of this expense. Operating income was restated in each of the segments for all prior periods to reflect this change.
