WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
If current fair values of designated cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2019 remained static over the next twelve months, the Company would reclassify $ 21 million of net deferred gains from accumulated other comprehensive loss into income in the next twelve months. 
Effective with the Company’s initial application of ASU 2017-12, net periodic interest settlements and accruals on the cross-currency swaps (which would include any cross-currency basis spread adjustment) are reported directly in interest expense, net. Changes in the fair value of the cross-currency swaps resulting from changes in the foreign exchange spot rate will continue to be recorded within the cumulative translation component of AOCI. The following table presents the pretax impact of derivatives designated as net investment hedges on other comprehensive income (loss) (in millions). Other than amounts excluded from effectiveness testing, there were no other gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to income during the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 . 
(a) There are no existing components that are eligible for exclusion from effectiveness testing under ASU 2017-12. There were no forward exchange contracts outstanding at the date of adoption of ASU 2017-12.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We compete with a number of NGL fractionators in Kansas, Louisiana, New Mexico and Texas. Competition for such services is primarily based on the fractionation fee charged. However, the ability of an NGL fractionator to receive a customer’s mixed NGLs and store and distribute the resulting purity NGL products is also an important competitive factor and is a function of having the necessary pipeline and storage infrastructure.
Within their respective market areas, our crude oil pipelines, storage and marine terminals and related marketing activities compete with other crude oil pipeline companies, rail carriers, major integrated oil companies and their marketing affiliates, financial institutions with commodity trading platforms and independent crude oil gathering and marketing companies. The crude oil business can be characterized by intense competition for supplies of crude oil at the wellhead. Competition is based primarily on quality of customer service, competitive pricing and proximity to customers and market hubs.
In our natural gas gathering business, we encounter competition in obtaining contracts to gather natural gas supplies, particularly new supplies. Competition in natural gas gathering is based in large part on reputation, efficiency, system reliability, gathering system capacity and pricing arrangements. Our key competitors in the natural gas gathering business include independent gas gatherers and major integrated energy companies. Our natural gas marketing activities compete primarily with other natural gas pipeline companies and their marketing affiliates as well as standalone natural gas marketing and trading firms. Competition in the natural gas marketing business is based primarily on competitive pricing, proximity to customers and market hubs, and quality of customer service.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On April 1, 2015 , the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") filed a complaint against Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global LLC (“Mondelēz Global”) in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (the "District Court"), Eastern Division (the “CFTC action”) following its investigation of activities related to the trading of December 2011 wheat futures contracts that occurred prior to the spin-off of Kraft Foods Group. The complaint alleges that Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global (1) manipulated or attempted to manipulate the wheat markets during the fall of 2011; (2) violated position limit levels for wheat futures and (3) engaged in non-competitive trades by trading both sides of exchange-for-physical Chicago Board of Trade wheat contracts. The CFTC seeks civil monetary penalties of either triple the monetary gain for each violation of the Commodity Exchange Act (the “Act”) or $ 1 million for each violation of Section 6(c)(1), 6(c)(3) or 9(a)(2) of the Act and $ 140,000 for each additional violation of the Act, plus post-judgment interest; an order of permanent injunction prohibiting Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global from violating specified provisions of the Act; disgorgement of profits; and costs and fees. On August 15, 2019, the District Court approved a settlement agreement between the CFTC and Mondelēz Global. The terms of the settlement, which are available in the District Court’s docket, had an immaterial impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. On October 23, 2019, following a ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit (the "Seventh Circuit") regarding Mondelēz Global's allegations that the CFTC and its Commissioners violated certain terms of the settlement agreement and the CFTC's argument that the Commissioners were not bound by the terms of the settlement agreement, the District Court vacated the settlement agreement and reinstated all pending motions that the District Court had previously mooted as a result of the settlement. Additionally, several class action complaints were filed against Kraft Foods Group and Mondelēz Global in the District Court by investors in wheat futures and options on behalf of themselves and others similarly situated. The complaints make similar allegations as those made in the CFTC action, and the plaintiffs are seeking class action certification; monetary damages, interest and unjust enrichment; costs and fees; and injunctive, declaratory and other unspecified relief. In June 2015, these suits were consolidated in the District Court. On January 3, 2020, the District Court granted plaintiffs' request to certify a class. On January 17, 2020, we filed a petition for an interlocutory appeal of the District Court's class certification decision to the Seventh Circuit. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters; however, based on our Separation and Distribution Agreement with Kraft Foods Group dated as of September 27, 2012, we expect to bear any monetary penalties or other payments in connection with the CFTC action. Although the CFTC action and the class action complaints involve the same alleged conduct, a resolution or decision with respect to one of the matters may not be dispositive as to the outcome of the other matter. 
In November 2019, the European Commission informed us that it has initiated an investigation into our alleged infringement of European Union competition law through certain practices restricting cross-border trade within the European Economic Area. We are cooperating with the investigation. The fact that an investigation has been initiated does not mean that the European Commission has concluded that there is an infringement. It is not possible to predict how long the investigation will take or the ultimate outcome of this matter. 
On August 21, 2018, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality (“VDEQ”) issued a Notice of Violation (“NOV”) to Mondelēz Global. In the NOV, the VDEQ alleges that in our Richmond bakery, one operating line did not have the proper minimum temperature on its pollution control equipment and that the bakery failed to provide certain observation and training records. The VDEQ indicated that the alleged violations may lead to a fine and/or injunctive relief. We are working with the VDEQ to reach a resolution of this matter, and we do not expect this matter to have a material effect on our financial results.
