ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense increased $161.3 million year-to-year primarily due to assets placed into full or limited service since 2018 (e.g., the Shin Oak and Midland-to-ECHO 2 pipelines).
Non-cash asset impairment charges increased $82.2 million year-to-year primarily due to the $76.4 million write-off of our equity method investment in Centennial Pipeline LLC and the planned shutdown of certain natural gas processing assets in Texas and Louisiana.
Operating income for 2019 increased $ 670.1 million when compared to 2018 due to the previously described year-to-year changes in revenues, operating costs and expenses, general and administrative costs and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our food products and ingredients are subject to local, national and multinational regulations related to labeling, health and nutrition claims, packaging, pricing, marketing and advertising, privacy and related areas. In addition, various jurisdictions regulate our operations by licensing and inspecting our manufacturing plants and facilities, enforcing standards for select food products, grading food products, and regulating trade practices related to the sale and pricing of our food products. Many of the food commodities we use in our operations are subject to government agricultural policy and intervention, and the scrutiny of human rights issues in industry supply chains has led to developing regulation in many countries. These policies have substantial effects on prices and supplies and are subject to periodic governmental and administrative review. 
Examples of laws and regulations that affect our business include selective food taxes, labeling requirements such as front-of-pack labeling and nutrient profiling, marketing restrictions, potential withdrawal of trade concessions as dispute settlement retaliation and sanctions on sales or sourcing of raw materials. We will continue to monitor developments in laws and regulations. At this time, we do not expect the cost of complying with new laws and regulations will be material. Also refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for additional information on government regulations and currency-related impacts on our operations in the United Kingdom, Argentina and other countries. 
Throughout the countries in which we do business, we are subject to local, national and multinational environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have programs across our business units designed to meet applicable environmental compliance requirements. In the United States, the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. We track regulatory developments in various jurisdictions relating to the use of plastic in packaging materials and taxes linked to the costs of waste so that we can comply with evolving requirements. Based on information currently available, we believe that our compliance with environmental laws and regulations will not have a material effect on our financial results.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Climate change continues to be an area of focus at the local, national and international levels. As a result, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In addition, several states and geographic regions in the U.S. have also adopted legislation and regulations to reduce emissions of GHGs, such as such as California, Oregon and Washington, which have formally enacted cap-and-trade programs and low carbon fuel standard obligations. 
Shortly after taking office in January 2021, President Biden issued a series of executive orders designed to address climate change, including rejoining the Paris Agreement after the U.S. had withdrawn from the international accord in 2020. Additionally, in August 2022 the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law, which appropriates significant federal funding for renewable energy initiatives and imposes a fee on GHG emissions from certain facilities in the oil and natural gas sector. Various provisions of the law are designed to accelerate the transition away from fossil fuels or otherwise could adversely impact the use of petroleum-based fuels. In January 2023, the Biden Administration and various federal agencies, including the EPA and Departments of Energy and Transportation, announced a "blueprint" for decarbonizing the transportation sector in the U.S. to meet the goal of net-zero GHG emissions economy-wide by 2050. The strategy includes promoting wider adoption of electric vehicles and greater use of sustainable fuels to decarbonize forms of transportation that require more energy-dense fuels, such as air transportation and long-haul shipping. 
At an international level, the European Union ("E.U.") has committed to reducing net GHG emissions by at least 55% by 2030. E.U. member states have implemented a range of subsidies and incentives to achieve the EU’s climate change goals, including through the European Union Emissions Trading System (‘‘EU ETS’’) for industrial emissions. The EU ETS is expected to become progressively more stringent over time, such as by including by reducing the number of allowances to emit GHGs as well as broadening the industries subject to the restrictions. In other non-E.U. countries, regulations include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy.
