SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to shares issued pursuant to its Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP” or “2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan”) on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is 12 months . The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a 15 percent  discount and also allows employees to reduce their percentage election once during a six  month purchase period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but not increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The ESPP also includes a re-set provision for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date. 
Stock-based expenses related to performance share grants are measured based on grant date fair value and expensed on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of three  years. 
The Company, at times, grants unvested restricted shares to employee stockholders of certain acquired companies in lieu of cash consideration. These awards are generally subject to continued post-acquisition employment. Therefore, the Company accounts for them as post-acquisition stock-based expense. The Company recognizes stock-based expense equal to the grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally four years .

ALLSTATE CORP report:
A pandemic such as the Coronavirus and its impacts are disclosed in Part 1 “Item 1A. Risk Factors’’, including the risk factors titled “A large-scale pandemic, the occurrence of terrorism, military actions, social unrest or other actions may have an adverse effect on our business” and “Conditions in the global economy and capital markets could adversely affect our business and results of operations”. 
The magnitude and duration of the global pandemic and the impact of actions taken by governmental authorities, businesses and consumers, including timing of vaccine distribution, to mitigate health risks create significant uncertainty. We will continue to closely monitor and proactively adapt to developments and changing conditions. Currently, it is not possible to reliably estimate the length and severity of the pandemic or its impact to our operations, but the effects could be material. 
• Extended auto insurance coverage to customers using their personal vehicles to deliver food, medicine and other goods for commercial purposes; coverage for these activities is typically excluded

BOEING CO report:
reductions in the production rates and the reduction in the program accounting quantity. If we are required to further reduce the accounting quantity and/or production rates, experience further delivery delays, or experience other factors that could result in lower margins, the program could record a reach-forward loss in future periods. We made the decision during the third quarter of 2020 to consolidate 787 production in South Carolina in 2021, which did not have a significant financial impact on the program. 
Fleet Support We provide the operators of our commercial airplanes with assistance and services to facilitate efficient and safe airplane operation. Collectively known as fleet support services, these activities and services begin prior to airplane delivery and continue throughout the operational life of the airplane. They include flight and maintenance training, field service support, engineering services, information services and systems and technical data and documents. The costs for fleet support are expensed as incurred and have historically been approximately 1% of total consolidated costs of products and services. 
We launched the 737 MAX 7 in August 2011 and the 737 MAX 10 in June 2017. We launched the 777X in November 2013. We now anticipate that the first 737 MAX 10 and 777X delivery will occur in 2023. This schedule reflects a number of factors, including an updated assessment of global certification requirements informed by continued discussions with regulators and resulting in a management decision to make modifications to the aircraft’s design.
