ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our operations along the Gulf Coast, including those at our Mont Belvieu complex, may be affected by weather events such as hurricanes and tropical storms, which generally arise during the summer and fall months. 
Residential demand for natural gas typically peaks during the winter months in connection with heating needs and during the summer months for power generation for air conditioning. These seasonal trends affect throughput volumes on our natural gas pipelines and associated natural gas storage levels and marketing results. 
Due to increased demand for fuel additives used in the production of motor gasoline, our isomerization and octane enhancement businesses experience higher levels of demand during the summer driving season, which typically occurs in the spring and summer months. Likewise, shipments of refined products and normal butane experience similar changes in demand due to their use in motor fuels.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income increased $136 million (9.4%), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, higher net pricing and the impact of acquisitions. These favorable items were partially offset by higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, intangible asset impairment charges, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (including incremental COVID-19 related costs), higher raw material costs, lapping the benefit from prior-year pension participation changes and higher costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program. 
Net revenues increased $223 million (3.2%), due to higher net pricing (2.3 pp) and the impact of acquisitions (1.3 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (0.3 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (0.1 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories except chocolate. The July 16, 2019 acquisition of a majority interest in Perfect Snacks added net revenues of $53 million and the June 7, 2018 acquisition of Tate’s Bake Shop added incremental net revenues of $35 million in 2019. Unfavorable currency impact was due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in gum, chocolate and candy, mostly offset by favorable volume/mix in biscuits. 
Segment operating income increased $602 million (70.9%), primarily due to lapping prior-year pension participation changes, higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, benefit from current-year pension participation changes, lapping prior-year intangible asset impairment charges and the impact from the acquisitions of Perfect Snacks and Tate's Bake Shop. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses and unfavorable volume/mix.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
As of February 22, 2019, we employed more than 5,000 employees globally. Our principal executive office is located at 9800 Northwest 41 st Street, Miami, Florida 33178 and our telephone number at this address is 305‑428‑8000. Our internet address is http://www.wfscorp.com and the investor relations section of our website is located at http://ir.wfscorp.com. We make available free of charge, on or through the investor relations section of our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10‑K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10‑Q, Current Reports on Form 8‑K, Proxy Statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Also posted on our website are our Code of Conduct (“Code of Conduct”), Board of Directors’ committee charters and Corporate Governance Principles. Our internet website and information contained on our internet website are not part of this 2018 10‑K Report and are not incorporated by reference in this 2018 10‑K Report. 
We operate in three reportable segments consisting of aviation, land and marine. During each of the years presented on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, none of our aviation, land or marine customers accounted for more than 10% of any segment or total consolidated revenue. Financial information with respect to our business segments and the geographic areas of our business is provided below and within Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this 2018 10-K Report. 
We provide global aviation fuel supply and comprehensive service solutions to major commercial airlines, second and third-tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low-cost carriers, airports, fixed based operators, corporate fleets, fractional operators and private aircraft. Our aviation‑related service offerings include fuel management, price risk management, ground handling, 24/7 global dispatch services, and international trip planning services, including flight plans, weather reports and overflight permits. We also supply products and services to U.S. and foreign government, intergovernmental and military customers, such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") and the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency (collectively, "government customers"). In addition, we offer card payment solutions and related processing services and technology.
