VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Unified Communications & Collaboration (UC&C).  Our UC&C services, an expansion of our VoIP services, provide our business customers with unified tools for communications and collaboration, such as instant messaging and presence, and audio, video and web conferencing. 
Customer Experience/Contact Center. We offer our business customers the ability to deliver integrated support services to their own customers, employees or constituents. Hosted and on-premise versions are available, which include the ability to support remote agents and integration with our business customer’s back office systems and tools. 
Security services.  We offer a suite of management and data security services to help our enterprise, business and government customers protect, detect and respond to security threats to their networks, data, applications and infrastructure.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The revenue growth rates of each of our core service offerings, as described below in “Results of Operations”, fluctuate from quarter to quarter and over time. Additionally, we manage the total balanced product portfolio to deliver solutions to our customers, and as a result, the revenue result for each offering is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter. In addition, some of our Cloud Service offerings have similar features and functions. For example, customers may use the Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud or the Salesforce Platform to record account and contact information, which are similar features across these service offerings. Depending on a customer’s actual and projected business requirements, more than one service offering may satisfy the customer’s current and future needs. We record revenue based on the individual products ordered by a customer, not according to the customer’s business requirements and usage. In addition, as we introduce new features and functions within each offering and refine our allocation methodology for changes in our business, we do not expect it to be practical to adjust historical revenue results by service offering for comparability. Accordingly, comparisons of revenue performance by service offering over time may not be meaningful. 
Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings to customers for our subscription service. Over 90 percent of the value of our billings to customers is for our subscription and support service. We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or in revenue depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. In general, we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period. We typically issue renewal invoices in advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and services contract and the subsequent renewal invoice may occur in different quarters. There is a disproportionate weighting toward annual billings in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of large enterprise account buying patterns. Our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year on year compounding effect of this seasonality in both billing patterns and overall new and renewal business causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter for both new business and renewals to increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. Accordingly, because of this billing activity, our first quarter is typically our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. Conversely, our third quarter has historically been our smallest operating cash flow quarter. 
The sequential quarterly changes in accounts receivable and the related unearned revenue and operating cash flow during the first quarter of our fiscal year are not necessarily indicative of the billing activity that occurs for the following quarters as displayed below (in millions):

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates. The principal assets and liabilities giving rise to such differences are DAC, unearned premiums, investments (including unrealized capital gains and losses), intangible assets and insurance reserves. A deferred tax asset valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not such assets will not be realized. The Company recognizes interest expense related to income tax matters in income tax expense and penalties in operating costs and expenses. 
The reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense is the estimate of amounts necessary to settle all reported and unreported incurred claims for the ultimate cost of insured property and casualty losses, based upon the facts of each case and the Company’s experience with similar cases. Estimated amounts of salvage and subrogation are deducted from the reserve for claims and claims expense. The establishment of appropriate reserves, including reserves for catastrophe losses, is an inherently uncertain and complex process. Reserve estimates are primarily derived using an actuarial estimation process in which historical loss patterns are applied to actual paid losses and reported losses (paid losses plus individual case reserves established by claim adjusters) for an accident or report year to create an estimate of how losses are likely to develop over time. Development factors are calculated quarterly and periodically throughout the year for data elements such as claims reported and settled, paid losses, and paid losses combined with case reserves. The effects of inflation are implicitly considered in the reserving process as a development factor using historic data incorporated as a reasonable estimate of future 
inflation. The Company has also digitized and modified claim processes to increase effectiveness and efficiency. The historical development patterns for these data elements are used as the assumptions to calculate reserve estimates, including the reserves for reported and unreported claims; however, when the Company experiences changes it may lead to historical development trends being less predictive of future loss development, potentially creating additional reserve variability. Reserve estimates are regularly reviewed and updated, using the most current data and information available. Any resulting reestimates are reflected in current results of operations.
