ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The EFS Midstream System serves producers in the Eagle Ford Shale, providing condensate gathering and processing services as well as gathering, treating and compression services for associated natural gas. The EFS Midstream System includes 485 miles of gathering pipelines, 11 central gathering plants having a combined condensate storage capacity of 0.3 MMBbls, 171 MBPD of condensate stabilization capacity and 1.0 Bcf/d of associated natural gas treating capacity. 
The Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline System , which began limited commercial service in February 2019, provides us with approximately 200 MBPD of incremental crude oil transportation capacity from the Permian Basin to markets in the Houston area. The pipeline is expected to enter full commercial service in April 2019. The pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 440 miles to our Sealy storage terminal, with volumes arriving at Sealy transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline, which is a component of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System. 
We converted a portion of our Seminole NGL Pipeline system from NGL service to crude oil service to create the Midland-to-Sealy segment of this pipeline system. The conversion is supported by a 10.75-year transportation contract with firm demand fees. We have the ability to convert this pipeline back to NGL service should market and physical takeaway conditions warrant.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
International Networks generated revenues of $3.7 billion and Adjusted OIBDA of $723 million during 2020, which represented 35% and 17% of our total consolidated revenues and Adjusted OIBDA, respectively. Our International Networks segment principally consists of national and pan-regional television networks and brands that are delivered across multiple distribution platforms. This segment generates revenue from operations in virtually every pay-TV market in the world through an infrastructure that includes operational centers in London, Amsterdam, Warsaw, Milan, Singapore and Miami. Global brands include Discovery Channel, Food Network, HGTV, Animal Planet, TLC, ID, Science and MotorTrend (known as Turbo outside of the U.S.), along with brands exclusive to International Networks, including Eurosport, Discovery Kids, DMAX, Discovery Home & Health, and TVN. TVN was acquired in March 2018, as part of our acquisition of Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (the "Scripps Acquisition"). As of December 31, 2020, International Networks operates unique distribution feeds in nearly 50 languages with channel feeds customized according to language needs and advertising sales opportunities. International Networks also has FTA networks in Europe and the Middle East and broadcast networks in Poland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland, and continues to pursue further international expansion. During 2020, we completed the acquisition of a German free-to-air general entertainment TV channel and completed an acquisition of an independent free-to-air commercial broadcaster in New Zealand. 
FTA and broadcast networks generate a significant portion of International Networks' revenue. The penetration and growth rates of television services vary across countries and territories depending on numerous factors including the dominance of different television platforms in local markets. While pay-TV services have greater penetration in certain markets, FTA or broadcast television is dominant in others. International Networks has a large international distribution platform with more than 80 networks, with as many as 23 networks distributed in any particular country or territory across more than 220 countries and territories around the world. International Networks pursues distribution across all television platforms based on the specific dynamics of local markets and relevant commercial agreements. 
With the growing demand for consumer content on digital and mobile devices, a suite of international DTC products has been made available to consumers. dplay, our real-life entertainment streaming service, was rebranded to our new global streaming service, discovery+, in the UK and Ireland during the fourth quarter of 2020. The remainder of the dplay markets, including the Nordics, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands, are expected to follow in 2021. Discovery expects to expand its DTC offering across more than 25 key markets in 2021 by leveraging its library of local-language content, as well as its broad portfolio of live sports. Eurosport’s existing streaming service, Eurosport Player, offers premium and localized sports to fans in 52 markets in Europe. This service is expected to continue to be available until discovery+ launches and Eurosport Player's content is fully integrated onto the service in those markets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The fair value for customer relationships at the acquisition date was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach. The fair value measurements of intangible assets are based on significant unobservable inputs, and thus represent Level 3 inputs. Significant assumptions used in assessing the fair values of intangible assets include discounted future cash flows, customer attrition rates and discount rates. Through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition, Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $ 106 million and operating income of $ 6 million during 2021. We incurred acquisition integration costs of $ 26 million in 2022. These acquisition integration costs are primarily related to an increase to the contingent consideration liability due to changes to forecasted future results. Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments for additional information. We incurred acquisition integration costs of $ 6 million in 2021. 
On December 16, 2022, Mondelēz entered into an agreement to sell its developed market gum business in North America and Europe for $ 1.4 billion. It is expected to close in Q4 2023, subject to relevant antitrust approvals and closing conditions. In connection with these agreements, we have concluded that the disposal group has met the held for sale criteria as of December 31, 2022. The disposal group was included as part of the North America and Europe operating segments. 
On November 1, 2021, we completed the sale of MaxFoods Pty Ltd, an Australian packaged seafood business that we had acquired as part of our acquisition of Gourmet Food Holdings Pty Ltd (“Gourmet Food”). The sales price was $ 57 million Australian dollars ($ 41 million), net of cash divested with the business, and we recorded an immaterial loss on the transaction. The packaged seafood business added incremental net revenues of $ 35 million in 2021 and operating income of $ 5 million during 2021.
