SALESFORCE INC report:
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date, which is recorded in net gains (losses) on strategic investments within the consolidated  statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within net gains (losses) on strategic investments in the consolidated  statement of operations. 
The Company categorizes leases at their inception as either operating or capital leases. In certain lease agreements, the Company may receive rent holidays and other incentives. The Company recognizes lease costs on a straight-line basis once control of the space is achieved, without regard to deferred payment terms such as rent holidays that defer the commencement date of required payments. Additionally, incentives received are treated as a reduction of costs over the term of the agreement. 
The Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are depreciated over the lease period to operating expense.

BOEING CO report:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019 , and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
December 31, 2019 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated January 31, 2020 , expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Senior Vice President, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer of The Allstate Corporation (August 2019 to present) and of AIC (September 2019 to present); Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Allstate Investments (May 2012 to August 2019) 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Allstate Corporation and AIC (January 2018 to present); Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Allstate Personal Lines of AIC (February 2015 to January 2018); Senior Vice President and Treasurer of The Allstate Corporation (November 2010 to January 2015) and of AIC (November 2010 to February 2015). 
President, Personal Property-Liability of AIC (January 2020 to present); President, Allstate Personal Lines of AIC (January 2018 to January 2020); Executive Vice President, Claims of AIC (April 2016 to January 2018); Executive Vice President and Chief Claims Officer of Liberty Mutual Commercial Insurance (May 2011 to March 2016).
