BOEING CO report:
During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded a loss of $3.5 billion on the program primarily due to the additional rework, as well as other actions required to resume 787 deliveries, taking longer than expected. These impacts have resulted in longer than expected delivery delays and associated customer considerations. 
Fleet Support We provide the operators of our commercial aircraft with assistance and services to facilitate efficient and safe airplane operation. Collectively known as fleet support services, these activities and services begin prior to airplane delivery and continue throughout the operational life of the airplane. They include flight and maintenance training, field service support, engineering services, information services and systems and technical data and documents. The costs for fleet support are expensed as incurred and have historically been approximately 1% of total consolidated costs of products and services. 
The development schedules shown above are subject to a number of uncertainties, including changes in certification requirements. The timing of certifications will ultimately be determined by the regulators.

SALESFORCE INC report:
• We aspire to have 50 percent of our U.S. workforce made up of underrepresented groups for the U.S. technology industry (“underrepresented groups”), which we define as employees who identify as Women, Black, Latinx, Indigenous, Multiracial, Lesbian, Gay, Bi-Sexual, Trans, Queer, People with Disabilities, Veterans, and other groups, by fiscal 2024. As of November 2, 2020, approximately 47% of our U.S. workforce was made up of underrepresented groups. 
• We support 12 employee-led and founded employee resource groups, which provide communities for underrepresented groups and their allies, offer professional development and mentoring opportunities and empower employees to be responsive equality leaders in their community. 
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning. Learning and development opportunities include Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees, in-person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks and more. We also encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations. For example, over 6,000 employees participated in at least one of our professional development training programs in fiscal 2021.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
the restrictions on dividends will continue until the Company is able again to satisfy the test on a dividend declaration date. In addition, in the case of a restriction arising under (2) above, the restrictions on dividends will continue until consolidated shareholders’ equity (excluding AOCI, and subject to certain other adjustments relating to changes in U.S. GAAP) has increased, or has declined by less than 20 % , in either case as compared to its level at the end of the benchmark quarter for each dividend payment date as to which dividend restrictions were imposed. 
The preferred stock does not have voting rights except with respect to certain changes in the terms of the preferred stock, in the case of certain dividend nonpayments, certain other fundamental corporate events, mergers or consolidations and as otherwise provided by law. If and when dividends have not been declared and paid in full for at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent (whether or not consecutive), the authorized number of directors then constituting our board of directors will be increased by two . The holders of the preferred stock, together with the holders of all other affected classes and series of voting parity stock, voting as a single class, will be entitled to elect the two additional members of the board of directors of the Company, subject to certain conditions. The board of directors shall at no time have more than two preferred stock directors. 
The preferred stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. The preferred stock is redeemable at the Company’s option in whole or in part, on or after April 15, 2023 for Series G, October 15, 2024 for Series H and January 15, 2025 for Series I at a redemption price of $ 25,000 per share of preferred stock, plus declared and unpaid dividends. Prior to April 15, 2023 for Series G, October 15, 2024 for Series H and January 15, 2025 for Series I, the preferred stock is redeemable at the Company’s option, in whole but not in part, within 90 days of the occurrence of certain regulatory capital event at a redemption price equal to $ 25,000 or $ 25,500 per share or a certain rating agency event at a redemption price equal to $ 25,000 or $ 25,500 per share, plus declared and unpaid dividends for Series G and for Series H and I, respectively.
