ALLSTATE CORP report:
Debt service coverage ratio is considered a key credit quality indicator when mortgage loans are evaluated for impairment. Debt service coverage ratio represents the amount of estimated cash flows from the property available to the borrower to meet principal and interest payment obligations. Debt service coverage ratio estimates are updated annually or more frequently if conditions are warranted based on the Company’s credit monitoring process. 
Mortgage loans with a debt service coverage ratio below 1.0  that are not considered impaired primarily relate to instances where the borrower has the financial capacity to fund the revenue shortfalls from the properties for the foreseeable term, the decrease in cash flows from the properties is considered temporary, or there are other risk mitigating circumstances such as additional collateral, escrow balances or borrower guarantees. 
The Company maintains a diversified portfolio of municipal bonds, including tax exempt and taxable securities, which totaled $9.17 billion  and $8.33 billion  as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively. The municipal bond portfolio includes general obligations of state and local issuers and revenue bonds (including pre-refunded bonds, which are bonds for which an irrevocable trust has been established to fund the remaining payments of principal and interest).

BOEING CO report:
• We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s method used in developing the delivery schedule assumptions, including the impact of production quality issues and supply chain disruption. 
• We inquired of management, including individuals responsible for sales and pricing, to evaluate the status of current contracts with customers and estimated consideration to be provided to customers. 
• We evaluated the consistency of management’s methods and the appropriateness of significant assumptions used in developing its estimates related to forecasted revenue for aircraft which have or are expected to have delivery delays.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our industry is highly competitive, based on factors such as price, merchandise quality and selection, location, convenience, distribution strategy, and customer service. We compete on a worldwide basis with global, national, and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores, and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. Walmart, Target, Kroger, and Amazon.com are among our significant general merchandise retail competitors. We also compete with other warehouse clubs (primarily Walmart’s Sam’s Club and BJ’s Wholesale Club), and many of the major metropolitan areas in the U.S. and certain of our Other International locations have multiple club operations. 
We believe that, to varying degrees, our trademarks, trade names, copyrights, proprietary processes, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names and similar intellectual property add significant value to our business and are important to our success. We have invested significantly in the development and protection of our well-recognized brands, including the Costco Wholesale ®  trademarks and our private-label brand, Kirkland Signature ® . We believe that Kirkland Signature products are high quality, offered to our members at prices that are generally lower than national brands, and that they help lower costs, differentiate our merchandise offerings, and generally earn higher margins. We expect to continue to increase the sales penetration of our private-label items. 
We rely on trademark and copyright laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality, license and other agreements with our suppliers, employees and others to protect our intellectual property. The availability and duration of trademark registrations vary by country; however, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and registrations are maintained.
