ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for information regarding our quarterly cash distributions declared with respect to the years indicated.
Cash retained by the Partnership may be used for capital investments, debt service, working capital, operating expenses, common unit repurchases, commitments and contingencies and other amounts. The retention of cash reduces our reliance on the capital markets.
 • our Texas Western Products System, created by repurposing a portion of our Mid-America Pipeline System’s Rocky Mountain segment and adding westbound service to our Chaparral Pipeline business to transport refined products from the U.S. Gulf Coast to markets in West Texas, New Mexico, Colorado and Utah (fourth quarter of 2023);

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The risk-free interest rate is based on the rates available at the time of the grant for zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a remaining term equal to the option’s expected life. The average life of an option is based on both historical and projected exercise and lapsing data. Expected volatility is based on implied volatilities from traded options on Abbott’s stock and historical volatility of Abbott’s stock over the expected life of the option. Dividend yield is based on the option’s exercise price and annual dividend rate at the time of grant.
In September 2019, the board of directors authorized the early redemption of up to $ 5 billion of outstanding long-term notes. This bond redemption authorization supersedes the board’s previous authorization under which $ 700 million had not yet been redeemed.
On November 19, 2019, Abbott's wholly owned subsidiary, Ireland Financing DAC, completed an offering of € 1.180 billion of long-term debt consisting of € 590 million of 0.10 % Notes due 2024 and € 590 million of 0.375 % Notes due 2027. The proceeds equated to approximately $ 1.3 billion. The Notes are guaranteed by Abbott.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The unrealized gains or losses recognized in interest income and other, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income relating to the net changes in the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were immaterial in 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
The Company is exposed to fluctuations in prices for energy, particularly electricity and natural gas, and other commodity products used in retail and manufacturing operations, which it seeks to partially mitigate through the use of fixed-price contracts for certain of its warehouses and other facilities, primarily in the U.S. and Canada. The Company also enters into variable-priced contracts for some purchases of natural gas, in addition to fuel for its gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet the characteristics of derivative instruments, but generally qualify for the “normal purchases and normal sales” exception under authoritative guidance and require no mark-to-market adjustment. 
The functional currencies of the Company’s international subsidiaries are the local currency of the country in which the subsidiary is located. Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Revenues and expenses of the Company’s consolidated foreign operations are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the year.
