SALESFORCE INC report:
Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, including stock-based expenses, the cost of subcontractors and certain third-party fees. 
Marketing and sales expenses are our largest cost and consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses and commissions, for our sales and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing activities. 
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses, for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel and professional services fees.

BOEING CO report:
Due to the size, duration and nature of many of our long-term contracts, the estimation of total sales and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Total sales estimates are based on negotiated contract prices and quantities, modified by our assumptions regarding contract options, change orders, incentive and award provisions associated with technical performance, and price adjustment clauses (such as inflation or index-based clauses). The majority of these long-term contracts are with the U.S. government where the price is generally based on estimated cost to produce the product or service plus profit. Federal Acquisition Regulations provide guidance on the types of cost that will be reimbursed in establishing contract price. Total cost estimates are largely based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, business base and other economic projections. Factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, asset utilization, and anticipated labor agreements. 
Revenue and cost estimates for all significant long-term contract performance obligations are reviewed and reassessed quarterly. Changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the performance obligation’s inception to date revenues, cost of sales and profit, in the period in which such changes are made. Changes in revenue and cost estimates could also result in a reach-forward loss or an adjustment to a reach-forward loss, which would be recorded immediately in earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 net unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments, including reach-forward losses, across all long-term contracts decreased Earnings from operations by $111 million and $190 million . For the year ended December 31, 2017, net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments, including reach-forward losses, across all long-term contracts increased Earnings from operations by $250 million. 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is likely that materially different earnings could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. If the combined gross margin for all long-term contract performance obligations for all of 2019 had been estimated to be higher or lower by 1%, it would have increased or decreased pre-tax income for the year by approximately $330 million . In addition, a number of our fixed price development contracts are in a reach-forward loss position. Changes to estimated losses are recorded immediately in earnings.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Debt includes senior notes, senior debentures, subordinated debentures and junior subordinated debentures issued by the Corporation. Unamortized debt issuance costs and fair value adjustments are reported in debt and are amortized over the expected period the debt will remain outstanding. 
The Company has equity incentive plans under which it grants nonqualified stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock awards (“equity awards”) to certain employees and directors of the Company. The Company measures the fair value of equity awards at the grant date and recognizes the expense over the shorter of the period in which the requisite service is rendered or retirement eligibility is attained. The expense for performance stock awards with no market condition is adjusted each period to reflect the performance factor most likely to be achieved at the end of the performance period. The expense for performance stock awards with a market condition is based on the fair value of the awards at the grant date which incorporates the probability of achieving the market condition. In the event the market condition is not met, any previously recognized expense is not reversed. The Company uses a binomial lattice model to determine the fair value of employee stock options. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of performance stock awards with a market condition. 
The Company carries an allowance for expected credit losses for all financial assets measured at amortized cost on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The Company considers past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating an allowance for credit losses. The Company also carries a credit loss allowance for fixed income securities where applicable and, when amortized cost is reported, it is net of credit
