WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Content on HGTV includes House Hunters , House Hunters International , Flip or Flop , The Property Brothers , Home Town , Good Bones , Restored by the Fords , Caribbean Life and Beachfront Bargain Hunt . 
The most widely distributed ad-supported cable network in the U.S., Food Network had approximately 88 million subscribers in the U.S. and 5 million subscribers through a licensing arrangement with partners in Canada included in the U.S. Networks segment as of December 31, 2019 and approximately 115 million subscribers and viewers in international markets as of December 31, 2019 . 
Food Network programming content attracts audiences interested specifically in food-related entertainment including competition and travel, as well as food-related topics such as recipes, food preparation, entertaining and dining out.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Revised Policy and Order on Rehearing do not impact oil and liquids pipelines with market-based rate authority, or those that charge “settlement rates.” Following issuance of the Revised Policy, the FERC now requires crude oil and liquids pipelines owned by MLPs to remove the ITA from their cost-of-service reporting in FERC Form No. 6. In its final rule issued December 17, 2020, the FERC removed any effect of the change in ITA treatment in determining the index for rates that became effective on July 1, 2021.
Changes in the FERC’s methodologies for approving rates could adversely affect us. In addition, challenges to our regulated rates could be filed with the FERC and future decisions by the FERC regarding our regulated rates could adversely affect our cash flows. We believe the transportation rates currently charged by our interstate liquids pipelines are in accordance with the ICA and applicable FERC regulations. However, we cannot predict the rates we will be allowed to charge in the future for transportation services by such pipelines.
Certain of our intrastate natural gas pipelines, including the Texas Intrastate System and Acadian Gas System, are subject to regulation by the FERC under the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (“NGPA”), in connection with the transportation and storage services they provide pursuant to Section 311 of the NGPA. Under Section 311, along with the FERC’s implementing regulations, an intrastate pipeline may transport gas “on behalf of” an interstate pipeline company or any local distribution company served by an interstate pipeline, without becoming subject to the FERC’s broader regulatory authority under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (“NGA”). These services must be provided on an open and nondiscriminatory basis, and the rates charged for these services may not exceed a “fair and equitable” level as determined by the FERC in periodic rate proceedings.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
With respect to competition from other pipelines, the primary competitive factors consist of transportation charges, access to crude oil supply and market demand. Competitive factors in crude oil purchasing and marketing include price and contract flexibility, quantity and quality of services, and accessibility to end markets. 
Our refined product terminals compete with other independent terminals with respect to price, versatility and services provided. The competition primarily comes from integrated petroleum companies, refining and marketing companies, independent terminal companies and distribution companies with marketing and trading operations. 
In our wholesale fuel distribution business, we compete primarily with other independent motor fuel distributors. The markets for distribution of wholesale motor fuel and the large and growing convenience store industry are highly competitive and fragmented, which results in narrow margins. We have numerous competitors, some of which may have significantly greater resources and name recognition than we do. Significant competitive factors include the availability of major brands, customer service, price, range of services offered and quality of service, among others. We rely on our ability to provide value-added and reliable service and to control our operating costs in order to maintain our margins and competitive position.
