WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Our networks and digital products compete for the sale of advertising with other television networks, including broadcast, cable, local networks, and other content distribution outlets for their target audiences and the sale of advertising. Our success in selling advertising is a function of the size and demographics of our audiences, quantitative and qualitative characteristics of the audience of each network, the perceived quality of the network and of the particular content, the brand appeal of the network and ratings as determined by third-party research companies, prices charged for advertising and overall advertiser demand in the marketplace. 
Our networks and digital products also compete for their target audiences with all forms of content and other media provided to viewers, including broadcast, cable and local networks, pay-per-view and VOD services, DVDs, online activities and other forms of news, information and entertainment. 
Our production studios compete with other production and media companies for talent. Prior to the sale of the Education Business on April 30, 2018 , our education business competed with other providers of curriculum-based products and services to schools.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $17 million in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily due to higher allocations to the crude segment as a result of assets acquired, partially offset by lower legal expenses; and 
• a decrease of $18 million in Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates due to lower volumes on White Cliffs pipeline from lower crude oil production, partially offset by higher jet fuel sales by our joint ventures. 
   Years Ended December 31,     2021 2020 Change Revenues $ 17,596 $ 10,710 $ 6,886 Cost of products sold 16,246 9,654 6,592 Segment margin 1,350 1,056 294 Unrealized (gains) losses on commodity risk management activities (14) 6 (20) Operating expenses, excluding non-cash compensation expense

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our related crude oil marketing activities increased a net $55.9 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for a $69.2 million increase, partially offset by lower non-cash mark-to-market results, which accounted for a $15.2 million decrease. Non-cash mark-to-market earnings for this business was a gain of $0.5 million for 2018 versus a gain of $15.7 million for 2017. Average sales margins increased in 2018 primarily due to higher market price differentials for crude oil between the Permian Basin region, Cushing hub and Gulf Coast markets. As crude oil production in the Permian Basin region increased in 2018, pipeline infrastructure constraints led to pricing dislocations in the supply basins (lower crude oil prices in West Texas) compared to the prices paid by end users and exporters along the Gulf Coast. As midstream infrastructure constraints are alleviated in the coming years, we expect that these market price differentials will normalize. 
Comparison of 2017 with 2016. Gross operating margin from our other crude oil pipelines, terminals and related marketing activities for 2017 increased a net $107.3 million when compared to 2016. Gross operating margin from our West Texas System and equity investment in the Eagle Ford Crude Oil Pipeline System increased a combined $54.7 million year-to-year primarily due to an 89 MBPD increase in crude oil transportation volumes (net to our interest). 
Gross operating margin from our EFS Midstream System increased $31.7 million year-to-year primarily due to increased deficiency fee revenues. Condensate transportation volumes for this system decreased 18 MBPD year-to-year and associated natural gas volumes decreased 101 MMcf/d year-to-year. Gross operating margin for the system decreased $59.7 million year-to-year primarily due to the lower throughput volumes; however, this decrease was more than offset by a $98.1 million year-to-year increase in deficiency fee revenues associated with producer volume commitments.
