SALESFORCE INC report:
On the lease commencement date, the Company also establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the lease term to operating expense. 
The Company has entered into subleases or has made decisions and taken actions to exit and sublease certain unoccupied leased office space. Similar to other long-lived assets discussed below, management tests ROU assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. For leased assets, such circumstances would include the decision to leave a leased facility prior to the end of the minimum lease term or subleases for which estimated cash flows do not fully cover the costs of the associated lease. 
Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Each period, the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful life of its intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Management tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Current capabilities are being expanded through our partnership with Arity, which uses telematics to offer personalized, engaging programs that empower drivers with insights about their vehicle’s health, costs and safety. 
Exclusive agency compensation structure    The compensation structure for Allstate exclusive agencies rewards agencies for delivering high value to customers and achieving certain business outcomes such as product profitability, growth and household penetration. Allstate exclusive agency remuneration comprises a base commission, variable compensation and a bonus. 
 Agencies have the ability to earn commissions and additional bonuses on non-proprietary products provided to customers when an Allstate product is not available. In 2018, Ivantage had $1.8 billion non-proprietary premiums under management and is a leading provider of property and casualty brokerage services.

BOEING CO report:
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded valuation allowances of $ 3,162 and $ 2,423 primarily for certain federal deferred tax assets, as well as for certain federal and state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. To measure the valuation allowance, the Company estimated in what year each of its deferred tax assets and liabilities would reverse using systematic and logical methods to estimate the reversal patterns. Based on these methods, deferred tax liabilities are assumed to reverse and generate taxable income over the next 5 to 10 years while deferred tax assets related to pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are assumed to reverse and generate tax deductions over the next 15 to 20 years. The valuation allowance primarily results from not having sufficient income from deferred tax liability reversals in the appropriate future periods to support the realization of deferred tax assets. 
The increase in the valuation allowance during 2022 is primarily due to tax credits and other carryforwards generated in 2022 that cannot be realized in 2022. During 2022, the Company increased the valuation allowance by $ 739 . This reflects a tax expense of $ 1,199 recorded in continuing operations and an increase of $ 18 related to the associated federal benefit of state impacts. This was partially offset by a tax benefit of $ 478 included in OCI primarily due to the net actuarial gains that resulted from the annual remeasurement of pension assets and liabilities. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) one-time repatriation tax and Global Intangible Low Tax Income liabilities effectively taxed the undistributed earnings previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. We have not provided for deferred income taxes on the undistributed earnings from certain non-U.S. subsidiaries because such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. If such earnings were to be distributed, any deferred income taxes would not be significant.
