VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In June 2015, we completed our acquisition of AOL Inc. (AOL), a leader in digital content and advertising. AOL’s business model aligns with our approach, and we believe that its combination of owned and operated content properties plus a digital advertising platform enhances our ability to further develop future revenue streams. 
In June 2017, we completed our acquisition of the operating business of Yahoo! Inc. (Yahoo), a leader in search, communications, digital content and advertising. Additional discussion of the transaction is included in the 2018  Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report. 
We have established relationships with leading sports leagues to bring compelling content to our customers across our digital platforms. In December 2017, we entered into a multi-year partnership with the National Football League (NFL) in which Verizon’s portfolio of premium digital and mobile media properties, such as Yahoo Sports, stream in-market and national games, including national pre-season, regular season and playoff games, and the Super Bowl, to mobile phones. In January 2018, we entered into an innovative, multi-year partnership with the National Basketball Association (NBA) that will deliver one of the most comprehensive video streaming offerings of NBA content - from live out-of-market games via NBA League Pass to highlights, fantasy basketball, original programming and more via Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Fantasy and across Verizon’s family of media brands. As part of the partnership, the NBA and Verizon will unveil a series of innovative collaborations leveraging Verizon's leading network and technology to deliver premium NBA content and unique fan experiences. Verizon also has rights to deliver leading soccer games, including La Liga and Liga MX, to its customers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As part of our ongoing work to promote equality, we review the salaries and bonuses of our global workforce on an annual basis to ensure everyone is paid equally for equal work and close any unexplained gaps. To date, we have spent $8.7 million to ensure equal pay for equal work. We also review differences in pay for not only gender, but also race and ethnicity in the United States. 
Our employees are engaged in and actively support our commitment to equality and enhancing our Ohana culture. We support ten employee-led and founded “Ohana Groups,” which provide a community for underrepresented groups and their allies, offer professional development and mentoring opportunities, and empower employees to be responsive equality leaders in their community. This has resulted in nearly half of our employees engaging in Ohana Groups in fiscal 2019. 
Together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, and Salesforce.org, a nonprofit social enterprise, which are not included in our consolidated financial statements, to date we have given approximately $260 million to charitable organizations, logged more than 3.8 million employee volunteer hours around the world and provided more than 40,000 nonprofit and higher education organizations with the use of our service offerings for free or at a discount.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
