ALLSTATE CORP report:
Pension and other postretirement remeasurement gains and losses We recorded pension and other postretirement remeasurement gains of $51 million in 2020, primarily related to favorable asset performance compared to the expected return on plan assets, partially offset by a decrease in the discount rate and changes in actuarial assumptions. See Note 17 of the consolidated financial statements and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates section of the MD&A for further information. 
Effective January 1, 2020, we adopted the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments accounting standard that primarily affected mortgage loans, bank loans and reinsurance recoverables. Subsequent to the adoption, we measure credit losses on financial instruments, including losses related to mortgage loans, bank loans and reinsurance recoverables, using the expected credit loss model. This model requires us to recognize an estimate of expected credit losses for affected financial assets in a valuation allowance that when deducted from the amortized cost basis of the related financial assets results in a net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected. 
Overview Property-Liability operations consist of two reportable segments: Allstate Protection and Discontinued Lines and Coverages. These segments are consistent with the groupings of financial information that management uses to evaluate performance and to determine the allocation of resources.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Interest Rate Derivatives —Interest rate derivatives used by us as hedging instruments are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. Certain of these swap agreements may be designated as fair value hedges. The carrying amount of the associated hedged debt is also adjusted through earnings for changes in the fair value arising from changes in benchmark interest rates. We may enter into interest rate swap agreements for the purpose of managing certain of our interest rate exposures. We may also enter into interest rate basis swap agreements that do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. The impact of changes in fair value of these instruments is primarily presented in interest expense. 
Commodity Derivatives —We primarily use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to movements associated with agricultural commodity prices. We generally use exchange traded futures and options contracts to minimize the effects of changes in the prices of agricultural commodities held as inventories or subject to forward purchase and sale contracts, but may also enter into OTC commodity transactions, including swaps, which are settled in cash at maturity or termination based on exchange-quoted futures prices. Changes in fair values of exchange traded futures contracts, representing the unrealized gains and/or losses on these instruments, are settled daily, generally through our 100% owned futures clearing subsidiary. Forward purchase and sale contracts are primarily settled through delivery of agricultural commodities. While we consider these exchange traded futures and forward purchase and sale contracts to be effective economic hedges, we do not designate or account for the majority of our commodity contracts as hedges. Changes in fair values of these contracts and related RMI are included in Cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income. The forward contracts require performance of both us and the contract counterparty in future periods. Contracts to purchase agricultural commodities generally relate to current or future crop years for delivery periods quoted by regulated commodity exchanges. Contracts for the sale of agricultural commodities generally do not extend beyond one future crop cycle. 
Ocean Freight Derivatives —We use derivative instruments referred to as freight forward agreements, or FFAs, and FFA options to hedge portions of our current and anticipated ocean freight costs. Changes in the fair values of ocean freight derivatives are recorded in Cost of goods sold.

BOEING CO report:
Industrial Revenue Bonds Industrial Revenue Bonds (IRB) issued by St. Louis County were used to finance the purchase and/or construction of real and personal property at our St. Louis site. Tax benefits associated with IRBs include a twelve-year property tax abatement and sales tax exemption from St. Louis County. We record these properties on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. We have also purchased the IRBs and therefore are the bondholders as well as the borrower/lessee of the properties purchased with the IRB proceeds. The liabilities and IRB assets are equal and are reported net in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the assets and liabilities associated with the IRBs were $ 271 . 
Other Indemnifications In conjunction with our sales of Electron Dynamic Devices, Inc. and Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power businesses and our BCA facilities in Wichita, Kansas and Tulsa and McAlester, Oklahoma, we agreed to indemnify, for an indefinite period, the buyers for costs relating to pre-closing environmental conditions and certain other items. We are unable to assess the potential number of future claims that may be asserted under these indemnifications, nor the amounts thereof (if any). As a result, we cannot estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnities and therefore, no liability has been recorded. To the extent that claims have been made under these indemnities and/or are probable and reasonably estimable, liabilities associated with these indemnities are included in the environmental liability disclosure in Note 13. 
In the first quarter of 2021, we issued $ 9,825 of fixed rate senior notes consisting of $ 1,325 due February 4, 2023 that bear an annual interest rate of 1.167 %, $ 3,000 due February 4, 2024 that bear an annual interest rate of 1.433 %, and $ 5,500 due February 4, 2026 that bear an annual interest rate of 2.196 %. The notes are unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The net proceeds of the issuance totaled $ 9,780 , after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. We used the net proceeds of these note issuances to repay $ 9,825 outstanding under our two-year delayed draw term loan credit agreement in the first quarter of 2021, and we repaid the remaining $ 4,000 in the fourth quarter of 2021.
