BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
receivables from farmers. Valuation allowances for accounts in legal collection processes are determined by us on individual accounts based on the fair value of the collateral provided as security for the secured advance or credit sale. The fair value is determined using a combination of internal and external resources, including published information concerning Brazilian land values by region. To determine the valuation allowances for renegotiated amounts, we consider our historical experience with the individual farmers, current weather and crop conditions, as well as the fair value of non-crop collateral. 
For both classes, a long-term receivable from farmers in Brazil is considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we determine it to be probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. Recognition of interest income on secured advances to farmers is suspended once the farmer defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. No additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery, where amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income. 
When we acquire a business, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. Determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market participants, projected growth rates, the amounts and timing of future cash flows, and the discount rates applied to the cash flows. Determining the useful life of an asset also requires significant judgement.

BOEING CO report:
Long-term contracts in progress includes Delta launch program inventory that is being sold at cost to United Launch Alliance ( ULA ) under an inventory supply agreement that terminates on March 31, 2021. The inventory balance was $ 176 and $ 227 at December 31, 2019 and 2018 . See indemnifications to ULA in Note 15 . 
Included in inventories are capitalized precontract costs of $ 711 at December 31, 2019 , primarily related to the KC-46A Tanker and Commercial Crew, and $ 644 at December 31, 2018 primarily related to KC-46A Tanker. See Note 14 . 
At December 31, 2019 and 2018 , commercial aircraft programs inventory included the following amounts related to the 737 program: $ 1,313 and $ 463 of deferred production costs and $ 521 and $ 471 of unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs. At December 31, 2019 , $ 1,829 of 737 deferred production costs, unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs are expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that have firm orders and $ 5 is expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that represent expected future orders.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP” or “2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan”) is measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to shares issued pursuant to the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is 12 months. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a 15 percent discount from the lower of the Company’s stock price on (i) the first day of the offering period or on (ii) the last day of the purchase period and also allows employees to reduce their percentage election once during a six-month purchase period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but not increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The ESPP also includes a reset provision for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date. 
Stock-based compensation expense related to performance share grants, which are awarded to executive officers and other members of senior management and vest, if at all, based on the Company’s performance over a three-year period relative to the Nasdaq 100. Performance share grants are measured based on grant date at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and expensed on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of three years . 
The Company, at times, grants unvested restricted shares to employee stockholders of certain acquired companies in lieu of cash consideration. These awards are generally subject to continued post-acquisition employment. Therefore, the Company accounts for them as post-acquisition stock-based compensation expense. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards, based on the closing stock price on grant date, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally four years .
