BOEING CO report:
Common/collective/pooled funds are typically common or collective trusts valued at their net asset values (NAVs) that are calculated by the investment manager or sponsor of the fund and have daily or monthly liquidity. 
Derivatives included in the table above are over-the-counter and are primarily valued using an income approach with inputs that include benchmark yields, swap curves, cash flow analysis, rating agency data and interdealer broker rates. Exchange-traded derivative positions are reported in accordance with changes in daily variation margin which is settled daily and therefore reflected in the payables and receivables portion of the table. 
Cash equivalents and other short-term investments (which are used to pay benefits) are held in a separate account which consists of a commingled fund (with daily liquidity) and separately held short-term securities and cash equivalents. All of the investments in this cash vehicle are valued daily using a market approach with inputs that include quoted market prices for similar instruments. In the event a market price is not available for instruments with an original maturity of one year or less, amortized cost is used as a proxy for fair value. Common and preferred stock equity securities are primarily valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices of identical instruments.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
The safety of our team and the communities in which we operate comes first. We believe safety is a shared responsibility. Everyone has the right and responsibility to stop work if conditions become unsafe, regardless of position or experience. Our safety program focuses on incident prevention through safety leadership at all levels. 
Our website address is www.bunge.com. Through the "Investors: Financial Information: SEC Filings" section of our website, it is possible to access our periodic report filings with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports. Also, filings made pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act with the SEC by our executive officers, directors and other reporting persons with respect to our common shares are made available through our website. Our periodic reports and amendments, and the Section 16 filings, are available through our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such report, amendment or filing is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
Through the "Investors: Corporate Governance" section of our website, it is also possible to access copies of the charters for our Audit Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee, and Enterprise Risk Management Committee, as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct. Each of these documents is made available free of charge.
