VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
For a discussion of the oversight provided by the Verizon Board of Directors over the Company’s human capital management practices, see the section entitled "Governance — Our Approach to Governance — Our Approach to Strategy and Risk Oversight — Oversight of Human Capital Management" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
We own or have licenses to various patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business. We actively pursue the filing and registration of patents, copyrights, trademarks and domain names to protect our intellectual property rights within the United States and abroad. We also actively grant licenses, in exchange for appropriate fees or other consideration and subject to appropriate safeguards and restrictions, to other companies that enable them to utilize certain of our intellectual property rights and proprietary technology as part of their products and services. Such licenses enable the licensees to take advantage of Verizon's brands and the results of Verizon’s research and development efforts. While these licenses result in valuable consideration for Verizon, we do not believe that the loss of such consideration, or the expiration of any of our intellectual property rights, would have a material effect on our results of operations. 
We periodically receive offers from third parties to purchase or obtain licenses for patents and other intellectual property rights in exchange for royalties or other payments. We also periodically receive notices alleging that our products or services infringe on third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. These claims, whether against us directly or against third-party suppliers of products or services that we sell to our customers, if successful, could require us to pay damages or royalties, rebrand, or cease offering the relevant products or services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
postretirement obligations as of the measurement date; 2) differences between the expected and the actual return on plan assets; 3) changes in demographic assumptions, including mortality and participant experience; and 4) changes in lump sum interest rates used to value pension obligations as of the measurement date. 
Pension and other postretirement service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets and amortization of prior service credits are allocated to our reportable segments. The pension and other postretirement remeasurement gains and losses are reported in the Corporate and Other segment. 
For the years ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Remeasurement of projected benefit obligation (gains) losses: Discount rate $ (1,268) $ (285) $ 553 Other assumptions (176) (40) 282 Remeasurement of plan assets (gains) losses 1,560 (319) (886) Remeasurement (gains) losses $ 116   $ (644) $ (51)

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our investments in privately held securities are in various classes of equity which may have different rights and preferences. The particular securities we hold, and their rights and preferences relative to those of other securities within the capital structure, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value moves in relation to movement of the total company value. As such, our investment value in a specific company may move by more or less than any change in value of that overall company. For example, an immediate decrease of ten percent in enterprise value of our significant publicly traded and privately held equity securities held as of January 31, 2020, which represents 65% of the strategic investment portfolio, could result in a $97 million reduction to the investment portfolio. Fluctuations in the value of our privately held equity investments are only recorded when there is an observable transaction for a same or similar investment of the same issuer or in the event of impairment. 
We continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. Currently, two of our five publicly held investments are subject to such a contractual obligation, which expire in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. 
In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital.
