US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We also distribute a variety of non-food products, such as food containers, kitchen equipment and cleaning materials, and are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the storage, transportation, distribution, sale and labeling of those non-food products, including requirements to provide information about the hazards of certain chemicals present in some of the products we distribute. 
Our customers include several departments of the U.S. federal government, as well as certain state and local governmental entities. These customer relationships subject us to additional regulations applicable to government contractors. 
The U.S. Department of Labor and its agencies, the Employee Benefits Security Administration, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, regulate our employment practices and standards for workers. We are also subject to laws that prohibit discrimination in employment based on non-merit categories, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and other laws relating to accessibility and the removal of barriers. Our workers’ compensation self-insurance is subject to regulation by the jurisdictions in which we operate.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
(a) Reclassified amounts for foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings as Net Foreign exchange (gain) loss; gains (losses) on marketable equity securities are recorded as Other (income) expense and gains/losses related to cash flow hedges are recorded as Cost of products sold. Net actuarial losses and prior service cost is included as a component of net periodic benefit cost — see Note 14 for additional information. 
On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in Abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of Abbott common stock, based on Abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, approximately $5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical's debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by Abbott. The acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market. 
Under the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an Abbott stock price of $39.36, which reflects the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total purchase consideration of $23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Operating lease amounts above do not include sublease income. The Company has entered into various sublease agreements with third parties. Under these agreements, the Company expects to receive sublease income of approximately $ 166 million in the next five years and $ 34 million thereafter. 
As of January 31, 2021, the Company had additional leases that had not yet commenced totaling $ 1.5 billion and therefore not reflected on the consolidated balance sheet and tables above. These leases include agreements for office facilities to be constructed. These leases will commence between fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2025 with lease terms of 3 to 18 years. 
Of the total lease commitment balance, including leases not yet commenced, of $ 5.4 billion, approximately $ 4.9 billion is related to facilities space. The remaining commitment amount is primarily related to equipment.
