SALESFORCE INC report:
Supporting Our Communities . Giving back is foundational to our corporate culture and our core value of equality. In the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, our social value contribution include the following: 
• Approximately $1.4 billion in donated or discounted products provided to non-profits and higher education institutions via Salesforce.org. We calculate the social value of products sold or donated based on the estimated price we would have received if a comparable product was sold to a for-profit business of similar size and location, less the price that we received, if any, for the same product from a qualified non-profit educational institution or other Non-Government Organization (“NGO”). When a comparable Salesforce product price was not readily available, we used a ratio based on the weighted average of the Salesforce price to a for-profit company compared to the Salesforce price to a non-profit company. 
Climate Action . Salesforce continues to support science-based climate policies and decarbonization actions intended to limit the global average temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company recognizes foreign-currency transaction gains and losses related to revaluing or settling monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income and other, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward foreign-exchange contracts. These items were immaterial for 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 . 
The Company recognizes sales for the amount of consideration collected from the member, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, and is net of sales taxes collected and remitted to government agencies and returns. The Company reserves for estimated returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns and reduces sales and merchandise costs accordingly. The Company records, on a gross basis, a refund liability and an asset for recovery, which are included in other current liabilities and other current assets, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
Merchandise Sales  - The Company offers merchandise in the following core merchandise categories: food and sundries, hardlines, softlines, and fresh foods. The Company also provides expanded products and services through warehouse ancillary and other businesses. The majority of revenue from merchandise sales is recognized at the point of sale. Revenue generated through e-commerce or special orders is recognized upon shipment to the member to the extent there is no installation provided as a part of the contract. For merchandise shipped directly to the member, shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred as fulfillment costs and included in merchandise costs in the consolidated statements of income. In certain ancillary businesses, revenue is deferred until the member picks up merchandise at the warehouse. Deferred sales are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
On February 10, 2015, Abbott completed the sale of its animal health business to Zoetis Inc. Abbott received cash proceeds of $230 million and reported an after tax gain on the sale of approximately $130 million. In the first quarter of 2016, Abbott received an additional $25 million of proceeds due to the expiration of a holdback agreement associated with the sale of this business and reported an after-tax gain of $16 million. 
As a result of the disposition of the above businesses, the operating results of these businesses up to the date of sale are reported as part of discontinued operations on the Earnings from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes line in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
On January 1, 2013, Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), which was formed to hold Abbott's research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business. Abbott has retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to AbbVie's business. AbbVie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business.
