SALESFORCE INC report:
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs. 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions): 
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of January 31, 2020 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Adequacy of reserve estimates Management believes its net loss reserves for asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines exposures are appropriately established based on available facts, technology, laws, regulations, and assessments of other pertinent factors and characteristics of exposure (i.e. claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by individual policyholders, assuming no change in the legal, legislative or economic environment. Due to the uncertainties and factors described above, management believes it is not practicable to develop a meaningful range for any such additional net loss reserves that may be required. 
Further discussion of reserve estimates For further discussion of these estimates and quantification of the impact of reserve estimates, reserve reestimates and assumptions, see Notes 8 and 14 of the consolidated financial statements and the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves section of the MD&A. 
Reserve for life-contingent contract benefits estimation Due to the long-term nature of traditional life insurance, life-contingent immediate annuities and voluntary accident and health insurance products, benefits are payable over many years; accordingly, the reserves are calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected net premiums. Long-term actuarial assumptions of future investment yields, mortality, morbidity, policy terminations and expenses are used when establishing the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits payable under these insurance policies. These assumptions, which for traditional life insurance are applied using the net level premium method, include provisions for adverse deviation and generally vary by characteristics such as type of coverage, year of issue and policy duration. Future investment yield assumptions are determined based upon prevailing investment yields as well as estimated reinvestment yields. Mortality, morbidity and policy termination assumptions are based on our experience and industry experience. Expense assumptions include the estimated effects of inflation and expenses to be incurred beyond the premium-paying period. These assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued, are consistent with assumptions for determining DAC amortization for these policies, and are generally not changed during the policy coverage period. However, if actual experience emerges in a manner that is significantly adverse relative to the original assumptions, adjustments to DAC or reserves may be required resulting in a charge to earnings which could have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
When depreciable assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are deducted from the property, plant and equipment accounts and any gains or losses on disposition are recognized in Selling, general and administrative expense. 
We capitalize and depreciate network software purchased or developed within property, plant and equipment assets. We also capitalize interest associated with the acquisition or construction of network-related assets. Capitalized interest is reported as a reduction in interest expense and depreciated as part of the cost of the network-related assets. 
We capitalize the cost of internal-use network and non-network software and defer the costs associated with cloud computing arrangements that have a useful life and term in excess of one year. Subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades to internal-use network and non-network software are capitalized only to the extent that they add significant new functionality. Planning, software maintenance and training costs for internal-use software and cloud computing arrangements are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. We capitalize interest associated with the development of internal-use network and non-network software. Capitalized non-network internal-use software costs are amortized using the straight-line method over a period of 7 years and are included in Other intangible assets, net in our consolidated balance sheets. Costs incurred in implementing a cloud computing arrangement are deferred during the application-development stage and recorded as Prepaid expense and other in our consolidated balance sheets. Once a project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, we stop deferring the related cloud computing arrangement costs.
