SALESFORCE INC report:
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 
• modern low-code and no code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; 
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings, providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities:

BOEING CO report:
In the event we require additional funding to support strategic business opportunities, our commercial aircraft financing commitments, unfavorable resolution of litigation or other loss contingencies, or other business requirements, including impacts related to the 737 MAX grounding, we expect to meet increased funding requirements by issuing commercial paper or term debt. We believe our ability to access external capital resources should be sufficient to satisfy existing short-term and long-term commitments and plans, and also to provide adequate financial flexibility to take advantage of potential strategic business opportunities should they arise within the next year. However, there can be no assurance of the cost or availability of future borrowings under our commercial paper program or in the debt markets. 
As of January 31, 2020, we have received commitments from a syndicate of banks sufficient for us to enter into a $12 billion delayed draw two-year term loan credit facility. This facility may be increased at the Company’s option if the facility is oversubscribed. The facility will enhance our liquidity and is expected to close in February 2020. 
At December 31, 2019 and 2018 , our pension plans were $15.9 billion and $15.3 billion underfunded as measured under GAAP. On an Employee Retirement Income Security Act ( ERISA ) basis our plans are more than 100% funded at December 31, 2019 . We do not expect to make significant contributions to our pension plans in 2020 . We may be required to make higher contributions to our pension plans in future years.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Other current assets - Other current assets, including Assets held for sale, were $5,015 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of $1,925 million from $6,940 million at December 31, 2020. The decrease is primarily due to decreased unrealized gains on derivative contracts, lower margin deposits, and completion of the sale of our Rotterdam oils facility and United States 
interior grain assets during the year ended December 31, 2021, which were classified as held for sale at December 31, 2020. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in Deferred purchase price receivable (see Note 4- Trade Accounts Receivable and Trade Receivable Securitization Program , to our consolidated financial statements) as well as the reclassification of certain assets associated with our Mexico wheat milling business as held for sale during the current year (see Note 2- Acquisitions and Dispositions , to our consolidated financial statements). 
Short-term debt - Short-term debt, including the current portion of long-term debt, was $1,177 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of $1,659 million from $2,836 million at December 31, 2020. The lower short-term debt level at December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 is primarily driven by a $1 billion long-term bond issuance in the second quarter of 2021 (see Note 18- Long-term Debt , to our consolidated financial statements), from which a portion of the proceeds were used to pay down short-term debt, in addition to increased cash from operations used to pay down debt in the current year.
