SALESFORCE INC report:
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours, and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 
• live events and original programming on Salesforce+, our streaming platform which launched in fiscal 2022, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the digital-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities;

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2021, operating earnings for the Medical Devices segment increased 48.6 percent. The operating margin profile increased from 30.8 percent of sales in 2019 to 31.4 percent in 2021 primarily due to higher sales volumes in Diabetes Care and Abbott’s cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses. This growth was partially offset by pricing pressures on drug eluting stents (DES) as a result of market competition in the U.S. and other major markets.
In Abbott’s worldwide diagnostics business, sales increased 42.7 percent in 2021 and 40.6 percent in 2020, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. As was discussed above, sales growth in 2021 was driven by demand for Abbott's portfolio of rapid diagnostics tests for COVID-19 and higher routine diagnostics testing in the core laboratory business, partially offset by lower demand for Abbott’s laboratory-based tests for COVID-19 in the molecular diagnostics business. Growth in 2020 was driven by demand for Abbott's portfolio of COVID-19 diagnostics tests across its rapid and lab-based platforms, partially offset by lower volumes of routine laboratory testing due to the pandemic.
Abbott has regulatory approvals in the U.S., Europe, China, and other markets for the “Alinity c” and “Alinity i” instruments and has continued to build out its test menu for clinical chemistry and immunoassay diagnostics. Abbott has obtained regulatory approval for the “Alinity h” instrument for hematology in Europe and Japan. Abbott has also obtained regulatory approvals in the U.S., Europe and other markets for the “Alinity s” (blood screening) and “Alinity m” (molecular) instruments and several testing assays.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Restricted Stock Awards —Certain executive officers have been granted restricted stock awards (“RSAs”), some of which vest ratably over a three-year period from the date of grant (the “Time-Based RSA”) and others of which vest to the extent certain performance conditions are met (the “Performance RSAs”). 
The Performance RSAs were granted assuming the maximum level of performance and vest on the third anniversary of the grant date if specific performance conditions over a three-year performance period are achieved. The number of shares eligible to vest on the vesting date range from zero to 200 % of the target award amount, based on the achievement of the performance conditions. The fair value of the Performance RSAs is measured using the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant and recognized over the three-year vesting period for the portion of the award that is expected to vest. Compensation expense for the Performance RSAs is remeasured as of the end of each reporting period, based on management’s evaluation of whether, and to what extent, it is probable that performance conditions will be met. 
Unvested as of December 28, 2019 116,713   682,249   798,962   $ 33.13   Granted —   —   —   $ —   Vested ( 38,902 ) ( 98,415 ) ( 137,317 ) $ 31.57
