BOEING CO report:
As part of selected lease transactions, Boeing may provide incentives to commercial customers. At December 31, 2018 Customer Financing included $ 250 of lease incentives with one customer that is currently experiencing liquidity issues and is seeking additional capital. Should the customer fail to address its liquidity issues the lease incentive asset could become impaired, and we could incur charges of up to $ 250 . 
Depreciation expense was $ 1,556 , $ 1,548 and $ 1,418 for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. Interest capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 totaled $ 81 , $ 110 and $ 170 , respectively. 
Rental expense for leased properties was $ 307 , $ 283 and $ 287 , for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. At December 31, 2018 , minimum rental payments under capital leases aggregated $ 164 . Minimum rental payments under operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more aggregated $ 1,838 , net of sublease payments of $ 12 at December 31, 2018 . Payments due under operating and capital leases net of sublease amounts and non-cancellable future rentals during the next five years are as follows:

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company reinsures certain life insurance and annuity risks to other insurers primarily under yearly renewable term, coinsurance, modified coinsurance and coinsurance with funds withheld agreements. These agreements result in a passing of the agreed-upon percentage of risk to the reinsurer in exchange for negotiated reinsurance premium payments. Modified coinsurance and coinsurance with funds withheld are similar to coinsurance, except that the cash and investments that support the liability for contract benefits are not transferred to the assuming company and settlements are made on a net basis between the companies. 
For certain term life insurance policies issued prior to October 2009, the Company ceded up to 90%  of the mortality risk depending on the year of policy issuance under coinsurance agreements to a pool of fourteen  unaffiliated reinsurers. Effective October 2009, mortality risk on term business is ceded under yearly renewable term agreements under which the Company cedes mortality in excess of its retention, which is consistent with how the Company generally reinsures its permanent life insurance business. 
In addition, the Company has used reinsurance to effect the disposition of certain blocks of business. The Company had reinsurance recoverables of $1.36 billion  and $1.35 billion   as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively, due from Prudential related to the disposal of substantially all of its variable annuity business that was effected through reinsurance agreements. In 2018 , premiums and contract charges of $72 million , contract benefits of $87 million , interest credited to contractholder funds of $20 million , and operating costs and expenses of $14 million  were

SALESFORCE INC report:
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are recorded as a separate component on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income in the consolidated statement of operations for the period. All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. 
The Company’s enterprise cloud computing services are typically warranted to perform in a manner consistent with general industry standards that are reasonably applicable and materially in accordance with the Company’s online help documentation under normal use and circumstances.
