SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and equity method investments are recorded at fair value only if an impairment or observable price adjustment is recognized in the current period. If an impairment or observable price adjustment is recognized on the Company's non-marketable equity securities during the period, the Company classifies these assets as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy based on the nature of the fair value inputs. 
The Company classified privately held debt and equity securities and equity method investments as Level 3. The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and equity method investments amounted to $866 million  as of January 31, 2019  and $653 million  as of January 31, 2018 . 
Computers, equipment and software at January 31, 2019  and January 31, 2018  included a total of $671 million  and $709 million  acquired under capital lease agreements, respectively. Accumulated amortization relating to computers, equipment and software acquired under capital leases totaled $480 million  and $450 million , respectively, at January 31, 2019  and January 31, 2018 . Amortization of assets acquired under capital leases is included in depreciation and amortization expense.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Given the subjectivity of estimating claims incurred but not reported and projections of claim payments to be made in the future, particularly those with payout requirements over a longer period of time, the related audit effort in evaluating the reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including involvement of our actuarial specialists. 
Comparing the Company’s prior year assumptions of expected development and ultimate loss to actual losses incurred during the year to assess the reasonableness of those assumptions, including consideration of potential bias, in the determination of the reserve for property and casualty claims and claims expense. 
With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we developed independent estimates for the reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense, utilizing loss data and industry claim development factors, and compared our estimates to management’s estimates.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
When originating device payment plan agreements, we use internal and external data sources to create a credit risk score to measure the credit quality of a customer and to determine eligibility for the device payment program. Verizon’s experience has been that the payment attributes of longer tenured customers are highly predictive for estimating their reliability to make future payments. Customers with longer tenures tend to exhibit similar risk characteristics to other customers with longer tenures, and receivables due from customers with longer tenures tend to perform better than receivables from customers that have not previously been Verizon customers. As a result of this experience, we make initial lending decisions based upon whether the customers are "established customers" or "short-tenured customers." If a Consumer customer has been a customer for 45 days or more, or if a Business customer has been a customer for 12 months or more, the customer is considered an "established customer." For established customers, the credit decision and ongoing credit monitoring processes rely on a combination of internal and external data sources. If a Consumer customer has been a customer less than 45 days, or a Business customer has been a customer for less than 12 months, the customer is considered a "short-tenured customer." For short-tenured customers, the credit decision and credit monitoring processes rely more heavily on external data sources. 
Internal data and/or external credit data are obtained from the credit reporting agencies, if available, to create a custom credit risk score for Consumer customers. The custom credit risk score is generated automatically from the applicant’s credit data using proprietary custom credit models. The credit risk score measures the likelihood that the potential customer will become severely delinquent and be disconnected for non-payment. For a small portion of short-tenured customer applications, a traditional credit report is not available from one of the national credit reporting agencies because the potential customer does not have sufficient credit history. In those instances, alternative credit data is used for the risk assessment. For Business customers, we also verify the existence of the business with external data sources. 
Based on the custom credit risk score, we assign each customer to a credit class, each of which has specified offers of credit including an account level spending limit and either a maximum amount of credit allowed per device or a required down payment percentage. During the fourth quarter 2018, we moved all Consumer customers, short-tenured and established, from a required down payment percentage, between zero and 100 %, to a maximum amount of credit per device.
