SALESFORCE INC report:
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Internet serv ices. We offer our Fios customers fast and reliable 100% fiber-optic Internet connectivity. As customers connect more devices in their home and stream more high definition video, the need for a fast and reliable Internet connection is growing. In 2017, we introduced our Gigabit Connection in the marketplace, offering speeds of up to 940 Mbps on download and 880 Mbps on upload. As additional cloud-based applications are introduced, we believe that customers will place an increasing value on upstream bandwidth performance that matches what they already receive for download. In other areas of our footprint where Fios service is not available, we offer high speed Internet (HSI) using Digital Subscriber Line technology. 
Video services.  We offer video service over our fiber-optic network. As of December 31, 2018 , Fios video services were available to homes across 9 states, as well as the District of Columbia. We have several offerings available to our Fios TV customers, including 
Fios Custom TV, which provides customers with seven distinct package offerings. Each package includes the local versions of the major broadcast stations and other similar local content and then adds on more than 45 specialty channels driven by popular viewership choices;

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Effect of Run-off Property-Liability business on combined ratio: includes claims and claims expense, restructuring and related charges and operating costs and expenses in the Run-off Property-Liability segment 
• PIF : policy counts are based on items rather than customers. A multi-car customer would generate multiple item (policy) counts, even if all cars were insured under one policy. Commercial lines PIF counts for shared economy agreements typically reflect contracts that cover multiple rather than individual drivers. 
• New issued applications : item counts of automobile or homeowner insurance applications for insurance policies that were issued during the period, regardless of whether the customer was previously insured by another Allstate brand.
