SALESFORCE INC report:
Encouraging the development of third-party applications on our cloud computing platform.  The Lightning Platform enables customers, ISVs and third-party developers to create and deliver cloud-based apps. It is a platform on which apps can be created, tested, published and run. In addition, these apps can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange or sold directly by software vendors. We believe our ecosystem of developers and software vendors will help address the business requirements of both current and future customers. 
In addition to the key elements of our growth strategy described above, from time to time, we evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights. These evaluations resulted in our acquisition of several companies in fiscal 2019, including MuleSoft, Inc. ("MuleSoft") and Datorama, Inc. ("Datorama") which expanded our integration and marketing capabilities. 
We deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable, cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. We also offer integration capabilities in the cloud, as well as on-premises, to provide our customers more options to integrate their data. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences in the basis between financial statement and income tax assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are recalculated annually at tax rates in effect for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
We use a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The first step is recognition: we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. In evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume that the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The second step is measurement: a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition 
threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the financial statements will generally result in one or more of the following: an increase in a liability for income taxes payable, a reduction of an income tax refund receivable, a reduction in a deferred tax asset or an increase in a deferred tax liability.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Investment income primarily consists of interest, dividends, income from limited partnership interests, rental income from real estate, and income from certain derivative transactions. Interest is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective yield method and dividends are recorded at the ex-dividend date. Interest income for ABS, RMBS and CMBS is determined considering estimated pay-downs, including prepayments, obtained from third party data sources and internal estimates. Actual prepayment experience is periodically reviewed and effective yields are recalculated when differences arise between the prepayments originally anticipated and the actual prepayments received and currently anticipated. For ABS, RMBS and CMBS of high credit quality with fixed interest rates, the effective yield is recalculated on a retrospective basis. For all others, the effective yield is recalculated on a prospective basis. Accrual of income is suspended for other-than-temporarily impaired fixed income securities when the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be received is not reasonably estimable. Accrual of income is suspended for mortgage loans, bank loans and agent loans that are in default or when full and timely collection of principal and interest payments is not probable. Cash receipts on investments on nonaccrual status are generally recorded as a reduction of carrying value. Income from limited partnership interests carried at fair value is recognized based upon the changes in fair value of the investee’s equity primarily determined using NAV. 
Income from EMA limited partnership interests is recognized based on the Company’s share of the partnerships’ earnings. Income from EMA limited partnership interests is generally recognized on a three  month delay due to the availability of the related financial statements from investees. 
Realized capital gains and losses include gains and losses on investment sales, write-downs in value due to other-than-temporary declines in fair value, adjustments to valuation allowances on mortgage loans and agent loans, valuation changes of equity investments, including equity securities and certain limited partnerships where the underlying assets are predominately public equity securities, and periodic changes in fair value and settlements of certain derivatives including hedge ineffectiveness. Realized capital gains and losses on investment sales are determined on a specific identification basis.
