ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
As described in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, unrecognized tax benefits were approximately $1.2 billion at December 31, 2019. Unrecognized tax benefits are assessed by management quarterly for identification and measurement, or more frequently if there are any indicators suggesting change in unrecognized tax benefits. Assessing tax positions involves judgement including interpreting tax laws of multiple jurisdictions and assumptions relevant to the measurement of an unrecognized tax benefit, including the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority. These judgements and assumptions can significantly affect unrecognized tax benefits. 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s identification and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as its process for the assessment of events that may indicate a change in unrecognized tax benefits is warranted. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the completeness of identified unrecognized tax benefits, as well as controls over management’s review of significant assumptions used within the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits. 
With the support of our tax professionals and valuation specialists, among other audit procedures performed, we evaluated the reasonableness of management’s judgement with respect to the interpretation of tax laws of multiple jurisdictions by reading and evaluating management’s documentation, including relevant accounting policies, and by considering how tax law, including statutes, regulations and case law, affected management’s judgments. We tested the completeness of management’s assessment of the identification of unrecognized tax benefits and possible outcomes related to it including evaluation of technical merits of the unrecognized tax benefits. We also tested appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions associated with the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, including assessing the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net revenues increased $320 million (12.9%), due to higher net pricing (13.6 pp) and favorable volume/mix (6.8 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (7.5 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. Favorable volume/mix reflected strong volume growth as the negative impacts from the pandemic that we experienced in the prior year subsided across the region. Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains in chocolate, biscuits, gum and candy, partially offset by declines in refreshment beverages and cheese & grocery. Unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Argentinean peso and Brazilian real. 
Segment operating income increased $72 million (38.1%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs (productivity and lower incremental COVID-19 related costs), favorable volume/mix and lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, unfavorable currency, divestiture-related costs incurred in 2021, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses and lower benefits from the resolution of tax matters. 
Net revenues decreased $541 million (17.9%), due to unfavorable currency (18.1 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (7.5 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (7.7 pp). Unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Brazilian real, Argentinean peso and Mexican peso. Unfavorable volume/mix was due to the negative volume impact from the COVID-19 outbreak as well as the impact of pricing-related elasticity. Unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in gum and candy, partially offset by gains in cheese & grocery, chocolate, refreshment beverages and biscuits. Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Costco, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and subsidiaries in which it has a controlling interest. The Company reports noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities as a component of equity separate from the Company’s equity. All material inter-company transactions between and among the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company’s net income excludes income attributable to the noncontrolling interest in Taiwan. During the first quarter of 2018, the Company purchased its former joint-venture partner's remaining equity interest in its Korean operations. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco. 
The Company operates on a 52/53 week fiscal year basis with the year ending on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2019  and 2018  relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended September 1, 2019 , and September 2, 2018 , respectively. References to 2017  relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2017 . 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions.
