BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
(2) Represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial terms of one year or more. Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $101 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases. 
(3) Represents purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and railroad freight lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. The ocean freight service agreements are short term contracts with a duration of less than a year. Ocean freight service agreements with terms in excess of one year are included in non-cancelable lease obligations. The railroad freight service agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used. The costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our products. However, changes in the market value of such freight services compared to the rates at which we have contracted them may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities. 
(5) Does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. As of December 31, 2022, Bunge had uncertain income tax liabilities of $59 million, including interest and penalties. At this time, we are

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also offer prepaid connection service plans that feature domestic unlimited voice and unlimited domestic and international text. We have both single line and multi-line family options, with individual line data plan selections ranging from 500 megabytes per month to unlimited data. Family prepaid accounts include a line discount based on the number of total lines. On compatible devices, our prepaid plans also feature video and picture messaging, HD Voice and Video Calling. Our metered prepaid plans include Mobile Hotspot services and allow customers to continue to access our data services at reduced data speeds after using their monthly allowance for 4G LTE high speed data. None of our prepaid plans require an annual contract or credit check. 
Our international travel wireless services allow our customers to access voice, text and data services on many of our "World" smartphones, tablets or basic phones from various international destinations, dependent upon the customer's wireless plan. With TravelPass, customers are able to use their domestic talk, text and data allowances while traveling in Mexico, Canada and other countries where TravelPass is available for a flat rate per day. 
Access to the Internet is available on all smartphones and nearly all basic phones. In addition, our customers can access the Internet at broadband speeds on notebook computers and tablets that are either wireless enabled or that are used in conjunction with separate dedicated devices that provide a mobile Wi-Fi connection.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.3680  was applied to convert MuleSoft’s outstanding equity awards for MuleSoft’s common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. The deferred tax liability established was primarily a result of the difference in the book basis and tax basis related to the identifiable intangible assets. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including current and noncurrent income taxes payable and deferred taxes, may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. Accordingly, the provisional measurements of fair value of the income taxes payable and deferred taxes set forth above are subject to change. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of MuleSoft's Anypoint technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with MuleSoft customers. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating MuleSoft's Anypoint technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
