ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Policy changes, including potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act, or implementation of new health care legislation, could result in significant changes to the health care system. 
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information and financial information), is increasing. For example, the European Union has enacted stricter data protection laws, which took effect in 2018, that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering "data localization" laws, which limit companies' ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area. 
Governmental cost containment efforts also affect Abbott's nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the accelerated shift to cloud and hosted service offerings and customer experience management solutions. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings and verticals. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our marine transportation business consists of 64 tow boats and 157 tank barges used to transport refined products, crude oil, asphalt, condensate, heavy fuel oil, LPG and other petroleum products on key U.S. inland and intracoastal waterway systems. The marine transportation industry uses tow boats as power sources and tank barges for freight capacity. We operate our marine transportation assets that serve refinery and storage terminal customers along the Mississippi River, the intracoastal waterway between Texas and Florida, and the Tennessee-Tombigbee waterway system. We own and operate shipyard and repair facilities located in Houma and Morgan City, Louisiana and marine fleeting facilities located in Bourg, Louisiana and Channelview, Texas.
Our marine transportation business is subject to regulation, including by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”), Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Coast Guard (“USCG”). For information regarding these regulations, see “ Regulatory Matters – Federal Regulation of Marine Operations ,” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion.
The following information describes the principal effects of regulation on our operations, including those regulations involving safety and environmental matters and the rates we charge customers for transportation services.
