BOEING CO report:
The introduction of new aircraft programs involves increased risk associated with meeting development, certification and production schedules. The Company uses program accounting in order to compute cost of sales and margin for each commercial airplane sold. The use of program accounting requires estimating and demonstrating customer demand for the number of units included in the program (program accounting quantity) and estimating the sales and costs over the expected life of each program. In particular, estimating the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units within the program accounting quantity involves measurement uncertainty resulting in a range of possible outcomes. Additionally, the level of effort to meet regulatory requirements and achieve certification may be challenging to predict, resulting in delays in the timing of entry into service and corresponding increases in estimated costs. Changes to the program accounting quantity or revenue and cost estimates could occur, resulting in lower margins or material reach-forward losses. Auditing the estimated revenues and costs for the 777X program involved extensive audit effort and required professionals with specialized industry experience given the high degree of complexity and subjectivity related to management’s estimates. 
• We inquired of the Company’s management, including individuals responsible for sales and pricing, to evaluate the status of current sales campaigns, short and long-term market demand, and status of negotiations with individual sold firm customers. 
• We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions used in developing its estimates related to the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Today, global challenges require businesses to digitally transform while leveraging customer data to become more responsive, resilient and efficient. Companies also have to rethink and reshape everything about how and where their employees work. We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for a digital-first customer, employee, and partner experience and connect with their customers through digital channels. 
Our industry-leading AI-powered Customer 360 platform spans sales, service, marketing, commerce and more. It empowers our customers to work together, from anywhere, to deliver seamless, connected experiences for their customers. Our customers can select from our integrated Customer 360 solutions for any team, in any industry and for companies of any size, to get a single source of truth and complete view of their customers. 
Sales. Sales empowers sales teams of companies of every size and industry to manage and automate their entire sales process from leads to opportunities to billing, allowing them to sell faster, smarter and in the way they want. Our customers use our Sales offering to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast opportunities, gain insights through analytics and relationship intelligence and deliver quotes, contracts and invoices. Our Sales offering enables teams to work from anywhere in the office, on the go or at home and support the changing expectations of customers in a digital-first world.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Other revenue represents fees collected from policyholders relating to premium installment payments, commissions on sales of non-proprietary products, sales of identity protection services, fee-based services and other revenue transactions. Other revenue is recognized when performance obligations are fulfilled. 
Costs that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance policies and investment contracts are deferred and recorded as DAC. These costs are principally agent and broker remuneration, premium taxes and certain underwriting expenses. DSI costs, which are deferred and recorded as other assets, relate to sales inducements offered on sales to new customers, principally on fixed annuity and interest-sensitive life contracts. These sales inducements are primarily in the form of additional credits to the customer’s account balance or enhancements to interest credited for a specified period which are in excess of the rates currently being credited to similar contracts without sales inducements. DSI is amortized into income using the same methodology and assumptions as DAC and is included in interest credited to contractholder funds. All other acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and included in operating costs and expenses. 
For property and casualty insurance, DAC is amortized into income as premiums are earned, typically over periods of six or twelve months for personal lines policies or generally one to five years for protection plans and other contracts (primarily related to finance and insurance products), and is included in amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs. DAC associated with property and casualty insurance is periodically reviewed for recoverability and adjusted if necessary. Future investment income is considered in determining the recoverability of DAC.
