VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Residential broadband service has seen significant growth in bandwidth demand over the past several years, and we believe that demand will continue to grow. We expect the continued emergence of new video services, new data applications and the proliferation of IP devices in the home will continue to drive new network requirements for increased data speeds and throughput. We believe that the Passive Optical Network (PON) technology underpinning Fios positions us well to meet these demands in a cost-effective and efficient manner. 
While deployed initially as a consumer broadband network, our PON infrastructure is also experiencing more widespread application in the Business segment, especially as businesses increasingly migrate to Ethernet-based access services. 
Verizon owns and operates one of the largest global fiber-optic networks in the world, providing connectivity to Business customers in more than 150 countries. Our global IP network includes long-haul, metro and submarine assets that span over 1 million route miles and enable and support international operations.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company assumed unvested stock options and restricted stock awards with an estimated fair value of $ 1.5 billion. Of the total consideration, $ 292 million was allocated to the purchase consideration and $ 1.2 billion was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. 
The amounts of revenue and earnings of Tableau included in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations from the acquisition date of August 1, 2019 to January 31, 2020 are as follows (in millions): 
The following pro forma financial information summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company and Tableau, as though the companies were combined as of the beginning of the Company’s fiscal 2019.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Average premium-gross written (“average premium”): Gross premiums written divided by issued item count. Gross premiums written include the impacts from discounts, surcharges and ceded reinsurance premiums and exclude the impacts from mid-term premium adjustments and premium refund accruals. Average premiums represent the appropriate policy term for each line. 
• Renewal ratio: Renewal policy item counts issued during the period, based on contract effective dates, divided by the total policy item counts issued generally 6 months prior for auto or 12 months prior for homeowners. 
Frequency and severity statistics , which are influenced by driving patterns, inflation and other factors, are provided to describe the trends in loss costs. Our reserving process incorporates changes in loss patterns, operational statistics and changes in claims reporting processes to determine our best estimate of recorded reserves. We use the following statistics to evaluate losses:
