ALLSTATE CORP report:
Debt service coverage ratio is considered a key credit quality indicator when mortgage loans are evaluated for impairment. Debt service coverage ratio represents the amount of estimated cash flows from the property available to the borrower to meet principal and interest payment obligations. Debt service coverage ratio estimates are updated annually or more frequently if conditions are warranted based on the Company’s credit monitoring process. 
Mortgage loans with a debt service coverage ratio below 1.0 that are not considered impaired primarily relate to instances where the borrower has the financial capacity to fund the revenue shortfalls from the properties for the foreseeable term, the decrease 
The Company maintains a diversified portfolio of municipal bonds, including tax exempt and taxable securities, which totaled $ 8.62 billion and $ 9.17 billion as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe the business of business is improving the state of the world for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, partners, employees, community, environment and society. We are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future by delivering a carbon neutral cloud, operating as a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company and by working to achieve our goal of 100 percent renewable energy for our global operations by fiscal 2022. We also believe consistent, comparable and reliable disclosures around climate-related risks and opportunities are important. To this end, we are working to align with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board's ("FSB") Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") and of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB"). In addition, we have spearheaded human capital management initiatives to drive equality in four key areas: equal rights, equal pay, equal education and equal opportunity. We also pioneered and have inspired other companies to adopt our 1-1-1 integrated philanthropy model, which leverages one percent of a company’s equity, employee time and product to help improve communities around the world. We publish an annual stakeholder impact report on our website detailing our overall strategy relating to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) programs as well as our efforts in these areas. 
In fiscal 2019, we remained a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company, continued delivering a carbon neutral cloud for all customers and procured electricity from renewable energy resources equivalent to 55 percent of what we used globally. To support our commitment to renewable energy, we have signed four virtual power purchase agreements (“VPPAs”). This includes two agreements which were signed in fiscal 2019: our largest VPPA to date with a new wind energy project in Illinois that is expected to be operational in fiscal year 2020, and our first-ever renewable energy aggregation deal with a new solar energy project in North Carolina which is expected to be operational in fiscal 2021. In addition, the three buildings at our corporate headquarters in San Francisco sourced 100 percent renewable energy in fiscal 2019. 
We are active in and support organizations that move the United States and the world toward a more sustainable, low-carbon future. In fiscal 2019, we partnered with Mission 2020 to establish the Step Up Declaration, a new alliance committed to harnessing the power of emerging technologies to help reduce emissions across all economic sectors. As part of the declaration we committed to expand our carbon offset program to include business travel and employee commuting, and to continue to expand our sustainable real estate commitments. We also committed to setting our own science-based targets, including working with our suppliers to set their own climate targets. In addition, we were a founding member of the Business Renewables Center, signed the Corporate Renewable Energy Buyers’ Principles, helped to launch the Corporate Colocation and Cloud Buyers’ Principles, disclosed our annual carbon emissions to the Carbon Disclosure Project and signed on to initiatives such as We Mean Business and the American Business Act on Climate.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our networks in the U.S. include various elements of redundancy designed to enhance the reliability of the services provided to our customers. To mitigate the impact of power disruptions on our operations, we have battery backup at every switch and every macro cell. We also utilize backup generators at a majority of our macro cells and at every switch location. In addition, we have a 
In addition to our own network coverage, we have roaming agreements with a number of wireless service providers to enable our customers to receive wireless service in nearly all other areas in the U.S. where wireless service is available. We also offer a variety of international wireless voice and data services to our customers through roaming arrangements with wireless service providers outside the U.S. 
Residential broadband service has seen significant growth in bandwidth demand over the past several years, and we believe that demand will continue to grow. We expect that the continued emergence of new video services, new data applications and the proliferation of IP devices in the home will continue to drive new network requirements for increased data speeds and throughput. We believe that the Passive Optical Network (PON) technology underpinning Fios positions us well to meet these demands in a cost-effective and efficient manner.
