US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Mr. Works has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since February 2018. Prior to joining US Foods, Mr. Works served as Chief Human Resources Officer of Hackensack Meridian Health, an integrated health care network, beginning in July 2017. Prior to joining Hackensack, he served as President - Enterprise of Windstream Holdings, Inc., a voice and data communications provider, from December 2014 to August 2016, Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Windstream from February 2012 to December 2014, and Senior Vice President and President, Talent and Human Capital Services of Sears Holdings Corporation, a retailer, from September 2009 to January 2012. 
Our corporate website is located at www.usfoods.com . We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Our filings with the SEC are available to the public on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Those filings are also available to the public on, or accessible through, our corporate website for free via the “Investors” section at ir.usfoods.com/investors. The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into and is not part of this Annual Report. 
From time to time, we may be party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe that any of our pending legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Competition in the Established Pharmaceutical Products segment is generally from other health care and pharmaceutical companies. In addition, the substitution of generic drugs for the brand prescribed and introduction of additional forms of already marketed established products by generic or branded competitors may increase competitive pressures.
* As used throughout the text of this report on Form 10-K, the term “Abbott” refers to Abbott Laboratories, an Illinois corporation, or Abbott Laboratories and its consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires.
These products include a broad line of diagnostic systems and tests manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally marketed and sold directly to blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories, clinics, physicians’ offices, retailers, government agencies, alternate care testing sites, and plasma protein therapeutic companies from Abbott owned distribution centers, public warehouses or third party distributors.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
• We increased our $15 million global commitment to assist those most impacted by COVID-19 to approximately $28 million to date. We have been supporting local and global organizations that are responding to food instability and providing emergency relief. 
We operate in the food and beverages industry and are part of the global food supply chain. One of our main objectives during the pandemic is to maintain the availability of our products to meet the needs of our consumers. In response to increased demand, we have increased production and, to date, we have not experienced material disruptions in our supply chain or operations: 
• We were able to leverage learnings from our timely response to the initial outbreak in China, and we put in place procedures across our supply chain to help mitigate the risk that our manufacturing sites will experience material closures or disruptions.
