MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, on August 1, 2022, the Company acquired Clif Bar for purchase price consideration of $2.6 billion. Of the acquired indefinite life intangible assets, management allocated $1.45 billion to trade names, which primarily relate to the Clif trade name. The fair value for the Clif trade name was determined using the relief from royalty method. Significant assumptions used by management in assessing the fair value include estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates. 
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the Clif trade name acquired in the acquisition of Clif Bar is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value of the Clif trade name acquired; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statement. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls related to acquisition accounting, including controls over management’s valuation of the Clif trade name acquired and controls over the development of significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the purchase agreement; (ii) testing management’s process for developing the fair value of the Clif trade name acquired; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the relief from royalty method; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates. Evaluating management’s significant assumption related to estimates of future sales involved evaluating whether the assumption used by management was reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Clif Bar business; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether this assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the Company’s relief from royalty method and (ii) the reasonableness of the discount and royalty rate significant assumptions.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Climate change continues to be an area of focus at the local, national and international levels. As a result, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In addition, several states and geographic regions in the U.S. have also adopted legislation and regulations to reduce emissions of GHGs, such as such as California, Oregon and Washington, which have formally enacted cap-and-trade programs and low carbon fuel standard obligations. 
Shortly after taking office in January 2021, President Biden issued a series of executive orders designed to address climate change, including rejoining the Paris Agreement after the U.S. had withdrawn from the international accord in 2020. Additionally, in August 2022 the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law, which appropriates significant federal funding for renewable energy initiatives and imposes a fee on GHG emissions from certain facilities in the oil and natural gas sector. Various provisions of the law are designed to accelerate the transition away from fossil fuels or otherwise could adversely impact the use of petroleum-based fuels. In January 2023, the Biden Administration and various federal agencies, including the EPA and Departments of Energy and Transportation, announced a "blueprint" for decarbonizing the transportation sector in the U.S. to meet the goal of net-zero GHG emissions economy-wide by 2050. The strategy includes promoting wider adoption of electric vehicles and greater use of sustainable fuels to decarbonize forms of transportation that require more energy-dense fuels, such as air transportation and long-haul shipping. 
At an international level, the European Union ("E.U.") has committed to reducing net GHG emissions by at least 55% by 2030. E.U. member states have implemented a range of subsidies and incentives to achieve the EU’s climate change goals, including through the European Union Emissions Trading System (‘‘EU ETS’’) for industrial emissions. The EU ETS is expected to become progressively more stringent over time, such as by including by reducing the number of allowances to emit GHGs as well as broadening the industries subject to the restrictions. In other non-E.U. countries, regulations include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Within their respective market areas, our crude oil pipelines, storage and marine terminals and related marketing activities compete with other crude oil pipeline companies, rail carriers, major integrated oil companies and their marketing affiliates, financial institutions with commodity trading platforms and independent crude oil gathering and marketing companies. The crude oil business can be characterized by intense competition for supplies of crude oil at the wellhead. Competition is based primarily on quality of customer service, competitive pricing and proximity to customers and market hubs.
In our natural gas gathering business, we encounter competition in obtaining contracts to gather natural gas supplies, particularly new supplies. Competition in natural gas gathering is based in large part on reputation, efficiency, system reliability, gathering system capacity and pricing arrangements. Our key competitors in the natural gas gathering business include independent gas gatherers and major integrated energy companies. Our natural gas marketing activities compete primarily with other natural gas pipeline companies and their marketing affiliates as well as standalone natural gas marketing and trading firms. Competition in the natural gas marketing business is based primarily on competitive pricing, proximity to customers and market hubs, and quality of customer service.
We compete with numerous producers of PGP, which include many of the major refiners and petrochemical companies located along the Gulf Coast, in terms of the level of toll processing fees charged and access to pipeline and storage infrastructure. Our petrochemical marketing activities encounter competition from major integrated oil companies and various petrochemical companies that have varying levels of financial and personnel resources and competition generally revolves around product price, quality of customer service, logistics and location.
