MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We record pre-tax (i) gains or losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) into earnings, (ii) gains or losses on ineffectiveness and (iii) gains or losses on amounts excluded from effectiveness testing in interest and other expense, net for interest rate contracts. 
We enter into cross-currency interest rate swaps and forwards to hedge certain investments in our non-U.S. operations against movements in exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate notional value of these NIH derivative contracts was $ 7.3 billion and their impact on other comprehensive earnings and net earnings during the years presented below were as follows: 
(1) Amounts recorded for unsettled and settled NIH derivative contracts are recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment within other comprehensive earnings. The cash flows from the settled contracts are reported within other investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Amounts presented for 2019 and 2018 includes $ 23.1 million and $29.4 million, respectively, of swaption premium income. See discussion below for information regarding an unrealized $ 94.9 million loss recorded in 2019 related to forward-starting interest rate swaps. 
We capitalize interest costs incurred on funds used to construct property, plant and equipment while the asset is in its construction phase. Capitalized interest amounts become part of the historical cost of an asset and are charged to earnings (as a component of depreciation expense) on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset once the asset enters its intended service. When capitalized interest is recorded, it reduces interest expense from what it would be otherwise. Capitalized interest amounts fluctuate based on the timing of when projects are placed into service, our capital investment levels and the interest rates charged on borrowings.
Primarily reflects facility commitment fees charged in connection with our revolving credit facilities and amortization of debt issuance costs. Amount presented for 2018 includes $14.2 million of debt issuance costs that were written off in connection with the redemption of junior subordinated notes .

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In our land segment, we primarily offer fuel, heating oil, propane, natural gas, lubricants and related products and services to petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and government customers. Our land-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel and price risk management. We primarily conduct these activities throughout most of the U.S. as well as parts of the U.K. and Brazil. We also offer advisory and fulfillment solutions with respect to power, natural gas and other energy products, as well as sustainability consulting, renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management brand with offices in the U.S., Australia and throughout Europe. In addition, we offer transaction management services, which include card payment solutions, government payment systems for global fuel procurement, merchant processing services, payment solutions for tolls across Europe, and commercial payment programs. 
In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies. These transactions may be pursuant to fuel purchase contracts or through spot sales. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain strategic locations, including pipelines. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market‑based formulas. 
Finally, we provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal commonly referred to as “racks,” which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third‑parties.
