VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We also face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc. and others are offering alternative means for making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless provider’s voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content. 
With respect to our wireline connectivity services, we compete against cable companies, wireless service providers, domestic and foreign telecommunications providers, satellite television companies, Internet service providers, over-the-top (OTT) providers and other companies that offer network services and managed enterprise solutions. Cable operators have increased the size and capacity of their networks in order to deliver digital products and services. We introduced offerings that provide customized Internet and video packages. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. Customers have more choices for obtaining video content from various online services. We expect the market will continue to shift from traditional linear video to OTT offerings. We expect customer migration from traditional voice services to wireless services to continue as a growing number of customers place greater value on mobility and wireless companies position their services as a landline alternative. We also face increasing competition from cable operators and other providers of VoIP services, as well as Internet portal providers. 
Network reliability, speed and coverage. We consider networks that consistently provide high-quality, fast and reliable service to be a key differentiator in the market and driver of customer satisfaction. Lower prices, improved service quality and new service offerings, which in many cases include video content, have led to increased customer usage of connectivity services. We and other network-based providers must ensure that our networks can meet these increasing capacity usage requirements and offer highly reliable national coverage.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex implementations. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including instructor-led and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings. 
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that is designed to provide customers technical account management with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, which offers proactive monitoring and instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which is comprised of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, and field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives, who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company offered various guarantees to variable annuity contractholders. In 2006, the Company disposed of substantially all of its variable annuity business through reinsurance agreements with Prudential. Liabilities for variable contract guarantees related to death benefits are included in the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits and the liabilities related to the income, withdrawal and accumulation benefits are included in contractholder funds. All liabilities for variable contract guarantees are reported on a gross basis on the balance sheet with a corresponding reinsurance recoverable asset for those contracts subject to reinsurance. 
Absent any contract provision wherein the Company guarantees either a minimum return or account value upon death, a specified contract anniversary date, partial withdrawal or annuitization, variable annuity and variable life insurance contractholders bear the investment risk that the separate accounts’ funds may not meet their stated investment objectives. The account balances of variable annuity contracts’ separate accounts with guarantees included $2.47 billion  and $3.02 billion  of equity, fixed income and balanced mutual funds and $245 million  and $322 million  of money market mutual funds as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively. 
The table below presents information regarding the Company’s variable annuity contracts with guarantees. The Company’s variable annuity contracts may offer more than one type of guarantee in each contract; therefore, the sum of amounts listed exceeds the total account balances of variable annuity contracts’ separate accounts with guarantees.  ($ in millions)
