ALLSTATE CORP report:
subject to tax as well as other minor changes. The amendments are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020. The new guidance specifies which amendments should be applied prospectively, retrospectively or on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained income as of the beginning of the year of adoption. The impact of adoption is not expected to be material to the Company’s results of operations or financial position. 
National General On July 7, 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire National General Holdings Corp. (“National General”), an insurance holding company serving customers through independent agents for property and casualty and accident and health products, for approximately $ 4 billion in cash. 
National General provides personal and commercial automobile, homeowners, umbrella, recreational vehicle, motorcycle, lender-placed property, supplemental health and other niche insurance products. This acquisition will increase the Company’s market share in personal property-liability and expand its independent agent distribution.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
For a discussion of the oversight provided by the Verizon Board of Directors over the Company’s human capital management practices, see the section entitled "Governance — Our Approach to Governance — Our Approach to Strategy and Risk Oversight — Oversight of Human Capital Management" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
We own or have licenses to various patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business. We actively pursue the filing and registration of patents, copyrights, trademarks and domain names to protect our intellectual property rights within the United States and abroad. We also actively grant licenses, in exchange for appropriate fees or other consideration and subject to appropriate safeguards and restrictions, to other companies that enable them to utilize certain of our intellectual property rights and proprietary technology as part of their products and services. Such licenses enable the licensees to take advantage of Verizon's brands and the results of Verizon’s research and development efforts. While these licenses result in valuable consideration for Verizon, we do not believe that the loss of such consideration, or the expiration of any of our intellectual property rights, would have a material effect on our results of operations. 
We periodically receive offers from third parties to purchase or obtain licenses for patents and other intellectual property rights in exchange for royalties or other payments. We also periodically receive notices alleging that our products or services infringe on third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. These claims, whether against us directly or against third-party suppliers of products or services that we sell to our customers, if successful, could require us to pay damages or royalties, rebrand, or cease offering the relevant products or services.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Today, global challenges require businesses to digitally transform while leveraging customer data to become more responsive, resilient and efficient. Companies also have to rethink and reshape everything about how and where their employees work. We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for a digital-first customer, employee, and partner experience and connect with their customers through digital channels. 
Our industry-leading AI-powered Customer 360 platform spans sales, service, marketing, commerce and more. It empowers our customers to work together, from anywhere, to deliver seamless, connected experiences for their customers. Our customers can select from our integrated Customer 360 solutions for any team, in any industry and for companies of any size, to get a single source of truth and complete view of their customers. 
Sales. Sales empowers sales teams of companies of every size and industry to manage and automate their entire sales process from leads to opportunities to billing, allowing them to sell faster, smarter and in the way they want. Our customers use our Sales offering to store data, monitor leads and progress, forecast opportunities, gain insights through analytics and relationship intelligence and deliver quotes, contracts and invoices. Our Sales offering enables teams to work from anywhere in the office, on the go or at home and support the changing expectations of customers in a digital-first world.
