BOEING CO report:
Commercial aircraft financing commitments include commitments to provide financing related to aircraft on order, under option for deliveries or proposed as part of sales campaigns or refinancing with respect to delivered aircraft, based on estimated earliest potential funding dates. Customer financing commitments totaled $16.1 billion and $12.9 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase relates to new financing commitments. We anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments as we continue to work with third party financiers to provide alternative financing to customers. Historically, we have not been required to fund significant amounts of outstanding commitments. However, there can be no assurances that we will not be required to fund greater amounts than historically required. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Environmental Remediation We are involved with various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability of $752 million at December 31, 2022. For additional information, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP which we supplement with certain non-GAAP financial information. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share exclude the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. The FAS/

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The commitment to “Take Care of Our Employees” is also the foundation of our approach to diversity, equity and inclusion and creating an inclusive and respectful workplace. In 2021, we added training and communication for managers on topics of race, bias and equity, and greater visibility of our employee demographics. Embracing differences is important to the growth of our Company. It leads to more opportunities, innovation, and employee satisfaction and connects us to the communities where we do business. 
Costco is firmly committed to helping protect the health and safety of our members and employees and to serving our communities. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated challenges, we began providing premium pay to the majority of our hourly employees in March 2020 and continued for a full year through February 2021, at which time a portion of the premium was built permanently into our hourly wage scales in the U.S. In fall 2020, we also began offering employees additional paid time off to attend to child care and schooling needs through the 2021 school year. As the global effect of coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to evolve, we are closely monitoring the changing situation and complying with public health guidance. 
For more detailed information regarding our programs and initiatives, see “Employees” within our Sustainability Commitment (located on our website). This report and other information on our website are not incorporated by reference into and do not form any part of this Annual Report.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Equity securities  primarily include common stocks, exchange traded and mutual funds, non-redeemable preferred stocks and real estate investment trust equity investments. Certain exchange traded and mutual funds have fixed income securities as their underlying investments. The equity securities portfolio was $5.04 billion  as of December 31, 2018 . 
Mortgage loans , which are primarily held in the life and annuity portfolios, totaled $4.67 billion  as of December 31, 2018  and primarily comprise loans secured by first mortgages on developed commercial real estate. Key considerations used to manage our exposure include property type and geographic diversification. For further detail on our mortgage loan portfolio, see Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements. 
Due to the adoption of the recognition and measurement accounting standard, limited partnerships previously reported using the cost method are now reported at fair value . See Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements.
