BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• Action on Climate —We implement innovative solutions designed to minimize our environmental footprint and support projects and activities that strengthen our approach to fighting climate change. 
• Responsible Supply Chains —We promote sustainable agriculture and implement projects that are designed to protect and improve the environment, while supporting the social and economic well-being of growers and local communities. 
• Accountability —We aim to be an accountable leader within our industry, helping to raise the bar on our sector’s performance by regularly tracking and disclosing progress on our commitments and sustainability performance.

BOEING CO report:
(2) Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. These expenses are included in Other income, net and are excluded from Core loss per share (non-GAAP). 
Substantially all contracts at BDS and certain contracts at BGS are long-term contracts. Our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services and the significant service of integration that we provide. 
Accounting for long-term contracts involves a judgmental process of estimating the total sales, costs, and profit for each performance obligation. Cost of sales is recognized as incurred, and revenue is determined by adding a proportionate amount of the estimated profit to the amount reported as cost of sales.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
The Company operates as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision makers (“CODMs”), in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. For fiscal 2020, our CODMs were Marc Benioff, who is the chief executive officer and the chair of the board, and Keith Block, who served as co-chief executive officer until February 25, 2020. Over the past few years, the Company has completed a number of acquisitions. These acquisitions have allowed the Company to expand its offerings, presence and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. 
While the Company has offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing market segments, including as a result of the Company's acquisitions, and operates in multiple countries, the Company’s business operates in one operating segment because most of the Company's offerings operate on its single Customer 360 Platform and most of the Company's products are deployed in a nearly identical way, and the Company’s CODMs evaluate the Company’s financial information and resources and assess the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis. Since the Company operates in one operating segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the consolidated financial statements.
