COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Purchase obligations consist of contracts primarily related to merchandise, equipment, and third-party services, the majority of which are due in the next 12 months. Construction and land purchase obligations consist of contracts primarily related to the development and opening of new and relocated warehouses, the majority of which (other than leases) are due in the next 12 months. 
Management believes that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows as well as capacity under existing and available credit agreements will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements. 
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $8,958 in 2021, compared to $8,861 in 2020. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily from net sales and membership fees. Cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. Cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. Changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by several factors, including how fast inventory is sold, the forward deployment of inventory to accelerate delivery times, payment terms with our suppliers, and early payments to obtain discounts from suppliers.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Fluctuations in our expenditures for growth capital projects and investments in unconsolidated affiliates are explained in large part by increases or decreases in spending on major expansion projects. Our most significant growth capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2018 involved projects at our Mont Belvieu complex, Houston and Beaumont terminals, as well as projects to support crude oil, natural gas and NGL production from the Permian Basin. Fluctuations in expenditures for sustaining capital projects are explained in large part by the timing and cost of pipeline integrity and similar projects. 
Investments in growth capital projects supporting Permian Basin production increased $773.0 million year-to-year primarily due to increased expenditures for (i) the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline, which accounted for $839.1 million of the increase, (ii) conversion of a portion of our Seminole NGL Pipeline system to crude oil service (the Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline System), which accounted for an additional $223.4 million increase, partially offset by (iii) a $520.1 million 
Investments in growth capital projects to expand and support export activities at EHT increased $161.9 million year-to-year. Additionally, investments in projects that expand our refined products handling capabilities at the Beaumont marine terminal increased $93.9 million year-to-year.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We recorded an $84 million  gain during the year ended December 31, 2018  due to the sale of a controlling stake in the Education Business on April 30, 2018, compared with a loss of $4 million  for the year ended December 31, 2017  due to the disposition of the Raw and Betty production studios. (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
Interest expense increased $ 254 million , primarily due to interest accrued on higher debt balances, including the senior notes issued on September 21, 2017  and term loans outstanding from March 6, 2018  through September 30, 2018. The senior notes and term loans were used to effect the acquisition of Scripps Networks. (See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
On March 13, 2017 , we issued new senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of $650 million and used the proceeds to fund the repurchase of $600 million of combined aggregate principal amount of our then-outstanding senior notes through a cash tender offer that closed on March 13, 2017 . As a result, we recognized a $54 million loss on extinguishment of debt, which included $50 million for premiums to par value, $2 million of non-cash write-offs of unamortized deferred financing costs, $1 million for the write-off of the original issue discount of these senior notes and $1 million accrued for other third-party fees. (See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
