MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity, forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivatives. 
(4) Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information on the November 1, 2022 acquisition of Ricolino, August 1, 2022 acquisition of Clif Bar, January 3, 2022 acquisition of Chipita, April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food, March 25, 2021 acquisition of a majority interest in Grenade, January 4, 2021 acquisition of the remaining 93% of equity in Hu and April 1, 2020 acquisition of a significant majority interest in Give & Go. 
(7) Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In addition, the ET Fuel System is integrated with our Godley processing plant which gives us the ability to bypass the plant when processing margins are unfavorable by blending the untreated natural gas from the North Texas System with natural gas on the ET Fuel System while continuing to meet pipeline quality specifications. 
The Oasis Pipeline is primarily a 36-inch  natural gas pipeline. It has bi-directional capabilities with approximately 1.3 Bcf/d  of throughput capacity moving west-to-east and greater than 750 MMcf/d  of throughput capacity moving east-to-west. The Oasis pipeline connects to the Waha and Katy market hubs and has many interconnections with other pipelines, power plants, processing facilities, municipalities and producers. 
 The Oasis pipeline is integrated with our gathering system known as the Southeast Texas System and is an important component to maximizing its Southeast Texas System’s profitability. The Oasis pipeline enhances the Southeast Texas System by (i) providing access for natural gas gathered on the Southeast Texas System to other third-party supply and market points and interconnecting pipelines and (ii) allowing us to bypass its processing plants and treating facilities on the Southeast Texas System when processing margins are unfavorable by blending untreated natural gas from the Southeast Texas System with gas on the Oasis pipeline while continuing to meet pipeline quality specifications.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Similar to U.S. Networks, a significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to fees charged to operators who distribute our linear networks. Such operators primarily include cable and DTH satellite service providers. International television markets vary in their stages of development. Some markets, such as the U.K., are more advanced digital television markets, while others remain in the analog environment with varying degrees of investment from operators to expand channel capacity or convert to digital technologies. Common practice in some markets results in long-term contractual distribution relationships, while customers in other markets renew contracts annually. Distribution revenue for our International Networks segment is largely dependent on the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, the rates negotiated in the distributor agreements, and the market demand for the content that we provide. International Networks additionally generates revenues through DTC subscription services. 
The other significant source of revenue for International Networks relates to advertising sold on our television networks and across distribution platforms, similar to U.S. Networks. Advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the development of pay and FTA television markets, the number of subscribers to and viewers of our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our programming, and our ability to sell commercial time over a portfolio of channels on multiple platforms. In certain markets, our advertising sales business operates with in-house sales teams, while we rely on external sales representation services in other markets. Outside the U.S., advertisers typically buy advertising closer to the time when the commercials will be run. In developing pay-TV markets, we expect advertising revenue growth will result from subscriber growth, our localization strategy, and the shift of advertising spending from broadcast to pay-TV. In mature markets, such as Western Europe, high proportions of market penetration and distribution are unlikely to drive rapid revenue growth. Instead, growth in advertising sales comes from increasing viewership and pricing and launching new services, either in pay-TV, broadcast, or FTA television environments. 
During 2020, advertising, distribution and other revenues were 42%, 54% and 3%, respectively, of total net revenues for this segment. While we have traditionally operated cable networks, in recent years an increasing portion of our international advertising revenue is generated by FTA or broadcast networks, unlike U.S. Networks. During 2020, pay-TV networks generated 33% of International Networks' advertising revenue and FTA or broadcast networks generated 67% of International Networks' advertising revenue. We also have increased efforts to drive revenue growth from digital products such as the dplay DTC entertainment service in select international markets.
