MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We are a party to various tax matter proceedings incidental to our business. These proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable outcomes could subject us to additional tax liabilities and could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial position. 
A tax indemnification matter related to our 2007 acquisition of the LU biscuit business was closed during the quarter ended June 30, 2018. The closure had no impact on net earnings, however, it did result in a $ 15 million tax benefit that was fully offset by an $ 11 million expense in selling, general and administrative expenses and a $ 4 million expense in interest and other expense, net. 
The following table summarizes the changes in the accumulated balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) attributable to Mondelēz International. Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) to net earnings (net of tax) were net losses of $ 285 million in 2020, $ 279 million in 2019 and $ 169 million in 2018.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
ETO previously owned a   49.99%   interest in HPC, which owns RIGS . In April 2018, ETO acquired the remaining   50.01%   interest in HPC. Prior to April 2018, HPC was reflected as an unconsolidated affiliate in ETO’s financial statements; beginning in April 2018, RIGS is reflected as a wholly-owned subsidiary in ETO’s financial statements. 
In April 2018, ETO issued   18 million   of its   7.375%   Series C Preferred Units (liquidation preference of   $25   per unit) resulting in total gross proceeds of   $450 million . The proceeds were used to repay amounts outstanding under ETO’s revolving credit facility and for general partnership purposes. 
On April 2, 2018, ET acquired a controlling interest in USAC, a publicly traded partnership that provides compression services in the United States. Specifically the Partnership acquired (i) all of the outstanding limited liability company interests in USA Compression GP, LLC (“USAC GP”), the general partner of USAC, and (ii)   12,466,912   USAC common units representing limited partner interests in USAC for cash consideration equal to   $250 million   (the “USAC Transaction”). Concurrently, USAC cancelled its incentive distribution rights and converted its economic general partner interest into a non-economic general partner interest in exchange for the issuance of   8,000,000   USAC common units to USAC GP.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company has granted put rights to certain consolidated subsidiaries, which have been excluded from the table above since we are unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of any payment.. The Company recorded the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest in the equity associated with the put rights as a component of redeemable noncontrolling interest in the amount of $442 million . (See Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
We sponsor a qualified defined benefit pension plan (“Pension Plan”) that covers certain U.S.-based employees. We also have a non-qualified Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”). 
Contractual commitments summarized in the contractual obligations table include payments to meet minimum funding requirements of our Pension Plan in 2020 and estimated benefit payments for our SERP. Payments for the SERP have been estimated over a ten-year period. While benefit payments under these plans are expected to continue beyond 2029, we believe it is not practicable to estimate payments beyond this period.
