WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Distribution revenue consists principally of fees from affiliates for distributing our linear networks, supplemented by revenue earned from SVOD content licensing, DTC subscription services, and other emerging forms of digital distribution. The largest component of distribution revenue is comprised of linear distribution services for rights to our networks from cable, DTH satellite and telecommunication service providers. We have contracts with distributors representing most cable and satellite service providers around the world, including the largest operators in the U.S. and major international distributors. Distribution revenues are largely dependent on the rates negotiated in the agreements, the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, the number of platforms covered in the distribution agreement, and the market demand for the content that we provide. From time to time, renewals of multi-year carriage agreements include significant year one market adjustments to re-set subscriber rates, which then increase at rates lower than the initial increase in the following years. In some cases, we have provided distributors launch incentives, in the form of cash payments or free periods, to carry our networks. Distribution revenue also includes fees charged for bulk content arrangements and other subscription services for episodic content. These digital distribution revenues are impacted by the quantity, as well as the quality, of the content we provide. 
As reported and excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increased 11% in 2021 primarily attributable to the growth of discovery+ at both U.S. Networks and International Networks. 
Other revenue increased $345 million in 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, other revenue increased $354 million in 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the increases were primarily attributable to sublicensing of Olympics sports rights to broadcast networks throughout Europe.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company operates on a 52/53-week fiscal year basis with the year ending on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2023 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2023. References to 2022 and 2021 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 28, 2022, and August 29, 2021. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions take into account historical and forward-looking factors that the Company believes are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
The Company considers as cash and cash equivalents all cash on deposit, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, and proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of up to four days. Credit and debit card receivables were $ 2,282 and $ 2,010 at the end of 2023 and 2022.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The proposed SPOT project consists of onshore and offshore facilities, including a fixed platform located approximately 30 nautical miles off the Texas coast in approximately 115 feet of water. SPOT is designed to load VLCCs and other crude oil tankers at rates of approximately 85,000 barrels per hour. The platform will be connected to an onshore storage facility with approximately 4.8 MMBbls of capacity in Brazoria County, Texas, by two 36-inch, bi-directional pipelines. Additionally, the SPOT project includes state-of-the-art pipeline control, vapor recovery and leak detection systems that are designed to minimize emissions. 
The receipt of the ROD is a significant milestone in the process to obtain a license for SPOT under the Deepwater Port Act. Remaining conditions that we must address and satisfy to obtain approval for the license issuance include routine construction, operating and decommissioning guarantees, submission of public outreach, wetland restoration and volatile organic compound (“VOC”) monitoring plans, and other state approvals. We expect to satisfy these remaining conditions in 2023; however, we can give no assurance as to when or whether the project will ultimately be authorized to begin construction or operation.
In April 2022, Enterprise and Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, LLC (“OLCV”), a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corporation, announced that we have executed a letter of intent to work toward a potential carbon dioxide (“CO 2 ”) transportation and sequestration solution for the Texas Gulf Coast. The joint project would initially be focused on providing services to emitters in the industrial corridors from the greater Houston to Beaumont/Port Arthur areas. The initiative would combine Enterprise’s leadership position in the midstream energy sector with OLCV’s extensive experience in subsurface characterization and CO 2 sequestration.
