BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
South American grain origination activities may be processed in our oilseed processing facilities in Asia-Pacific and will be reflected at both points within the segment. As such, these reported volumes do not represent solely volumes of net sales to third-parties, but rather where margin is earned, appropriately reflecting their contribution to our global network's capacity utilization and profitability. 
Demand for our purchased and processed Agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products. 
We expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our Agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. We also expect that, from time to time, imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions, which impacts our decisions regarding whether, when and where to purchase, store, transport, process or sell these commodities, including whether to change the location of or adjust our own oilseed processing capacity.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately 96 percent  during fiscal 
As described in Note 1, subscription and support revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract. License revenue is recognized as the licenses are delivered. Under Topic 606, the timing and amount of revenue recognition may differ in certain situations from the revenue recognized under previous accounting guidance that limited subscription and support revenue to the customer invoice amount for the period of service (collectively billings). Under Topic 606, the Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings and unearned revenue when the billings on a contract exceed the revenue recognized. The Company's standard billing terms are annual in advance. Contract assets were $215 million  as of January 31, 2019  as compared to $81 million  as of January 31, 2018 . Approximately $122 million  of contract assets were acquired in connection with the May 2018 MuleSoft acquisition. Impairments of contract assets were immaterial in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017. 
The concept of unearned revenue under Topic 606 is substantially similar to deferred revenue under previous accounting guidance, except for the removal of the limitation on contingent revenue. The unearned revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition from subscription services, including software licenses, described above and is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred. The Company generally invoices customers in annual installments. The unearned revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2021, operating earnings for the Diagnostics segment increased 68.0 percent. The operating margin profile increased from 24.8 percent of sales in 2019 to 40.0 percent in 2021 primarily due to higher sales in Rapid Diagnostics in 2020 and 2021 and increased routine diagnostics testing in 2021 in Core Laboratory Diagnostics.
In Abbott’s worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by numerous new product introductions, including the roll-outs of human milk oligosaccharide, or HMO, in infant formula, that leveraged Abbott’s strong brands. Sales over the last two years were also positively impacted by consumers’ interest in nutrients that help support their immune systems. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total adult nutrition sales increased 12.8 percent in 2021 and 10.3 percent in 2020, led by the continued growth of Ensure ® , Abbott’s market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna ® , Abbott’s market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand, across several countries. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total pediatric nutrition sales increased 3.3 percent in 2021 and 0.3 percent in 2020 driven by the Pedialyte ® , PediaSure ® and Similac ® brands in the U.S. as well as infant and toddler product growth across several international markets, partially offset by challenging market dynamics in the infant category in Greater China. Operating margins for the worldwide nutritional products business decreased from 23.0 percent in 2019 to 21.3 percent in 2021. The decrease was driven by higher manufacturing and distribution costs, including commodity prices, partially offset by the impact of gross margin improvement initiatives.
The Established Pharmaceutical Products segment focuses on the sale of its products in emerging markets. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, Established Pharmaceutical sales increased 10.4 percent in 2021 and 1.9 percent in 2020. The sales increases in 2021 and 2020 reflect higher sales in several geographies including India, China, Brazil and Russia. Operating margins decreased from 20.1 percent of sales in 2019 to 18.8 percent in 2021 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, higher product costs and product mix, partially offset by the impact of gross margin improvement initiatives.
