VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
During the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment for our Business reporting unit given it has continued to experience increased market pressures resulting in lower than expected revenues and earnings that may continue to persist over the near term. At the goodwill impairment measurement date of October 31, 2022, our Business reporting unit had a fair value that exceeded its carrying amount by approximately 8% and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. We do not anticipate reasonable changes in significant estimates to change the outcome of the quantitative impairment assessment. For instance, if either the terminal value growth rate declined by 50 basis points, or if the discount rate increased by 50 basis points, the fair value of our Business reporting unit would still exceed its carrying value. However, as a result of our 2022 goodwill assessment, management believes there is an increasing risk that our Business reporting unit may be required to recognize an impairment charge in the future. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
A projected sustained decline in a reporting unit's revenues and earnings could have a significant negative impact on its fair value and may result in impairment charges. Such a decline could be driven by, among other things: (1) decreases in sales volumes or long-term growth rate as a result of competitive pressures or other factors; or (2) the inability to achieve or delays in achieving the goals in strategic initiatives. Also, adverse changes to macroeconomic factors, such as increases in long-term interest rates, would also negatively impact the fair value of the reporting unit. 
At December 31, 2021, the balance of our goodwill was approximately $28.6 billion, of which $21.0 billion was in our Consumer reporting unit and $7.5 billion was in our Business reporting unit. We performed quantitative impairment assessments for both our Consumer and Business reporting units during the fourth quarter of 2021. At the goodwill impairment measurement date of October 31, 2021, our quantitative assessments indicated that the fair values for our Consumer and Business reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values and, therefore, did not result in impairment.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning. Learning and development opportunities include Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees, in-person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks and more. We also encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations. For example, over 7,600 employees participated in at least one of our professional development training programs in fiscal 2022. 
We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of stock options, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local laws and to be competitive in the marketplace. 
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is an internal management tool used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct ensures that our core values remain the foundation of the Company and directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to commit to acting with integrity and treating others with compassion and respect.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Historical catastrophe experience For the last ten years, the average annual impact of catastrophes on our loss ratio was 8.3 points, but it has varied from 4.5 points to 14.7 points. The average annual impact of catastrophes on the homeowners loss ratio for the last ten years was 26.8 points. Over time, we have limited our aggregate insurance exposure to catastrophe losses in certain regions of the country that are subject to high levels of natural catastrophes by our participation in various state facilities. For further discussion of these facilities , see Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements. However, the impact of these actions may be diminished by the growth in insured values, and the effect of state insurance laws and regulations. In addition, in various states we are required to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and joint underwriting associations that provide insurance coverage to individuals or entities that otherwise are unable to purchase such coverage from private insurers. Because of our participation in these and other state facilities such as wind pools, we may be exposed to losses that surpass the capitalization of these facilities and to assessments from these facilities. 
Write homeowners coverage through our excess and surplus lines carrier, North Light Specialty Insurance Company (“North Light”), which includes earthquake coverage (other than fire following earthquakes) that is currently ceded via quota share reinsurance. 
Starting in the second quarter of 2017, we began writing a limited number of homeowners policies in select areas of Florida and continue to support existing customers who replace their currently-insured home with an acceptable property. Encompass withdrew from property lines in Florida in 2009.
