ALLSTATE CORP report:
Indemnification Programs We are a participant in state-based industry pools, facilities or associations, mandating participation by insurers offering certain coverage in their state, including the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association (“MCCA”), the New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association, the North Carolina Reinsurance Facility and the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund. We also participate in the Federal Government National Flood Insurance Program. 
• On August 6, 2020, member companies of the MCCA were notified of the ratification of amendments to the MCCA’s Plan of Operation. The amendments were designed to align the Plan of Operation with Public Acts 21 and 22, which passed in 2019. 
• On July 2, 2021, legislation passed in 2019 became effective, setting fee schedules for personal injury protection claims. Such fee schedules were set at 200% of Medicare rates in 2021, declining to 195% in 2022 and 190% in 2023, for any providers other than certain unique categories of providers and applying to treatment on existing and new claims.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Additional discussion of our reportable segments is included in Item 7. under the headings "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Overview" and - "Segment Results of Operations" and in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries. 
Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. Our Business segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups targeted by these offerings: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale. 
Our Consumer and Business segments provide a wide variety of wireless services accessible on a broad range of devices. Customers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Retail (non-wholesale) postpaid accounts primarily represent retail customers that are directly served and managed by Verizon and use Verizon branded services. A single account may include monthly wireless services for a variety of connected devices. Our postpaid service is generally billed one month in advance for a monthly access charge in return for access to and usage of network services. Our prepaid service is offered only to Consumer customers and enables individuals to obtain wireless services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance. Approximately 96% of our Consumer retail connections were postpaid connections as of December 31, 2020.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
Strategic Investments. Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. 
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and require the use of judgment. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying value is adjusted for our privately held equity securities if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of our strategic investments in privately held companies, we utilize the most recent data available. The determination of whether an orderly transaction is for a same or similar investment requires significant management judgment including the nature of rights and obligations of the investments, the extent to which differences in those rights and obligations would affect the fair values of those investments, and the impact of any differences based on the stage of operational development of the investee.
