ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
In March 2019, USAC issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior notes due 2027 in a private placement, and in December 2019, USAC exchanged those notes for substantially identical senior notes registered under the Securities Act. The net proceeds from this offering were used to repay a portion of USAC’s existing borrowings under its credit facility and for general partnership purposes. 
Borrowings under the ETO Credit Facilities are unsecured and initially guaranteed by Sunoco Logistics Partners Operations L.P. Borrowings under the ETO Credit Facilities will bear interest at a eurodollar rate or a base rate, at our option, plus an applicable margin. In addition, we will be required to pay a quarterly commitment fee to each lender equal to the product of the applicable rate and such lender’s applicable percentage of the unused portion of the aggregate commitments under the ETO Credit Facilities. 
We typically repay amounts outstanding under the ETO Credit Facilities with proceeds from unit offerings or long-term notes offerings. The timing of borrowings depends on the Partnership’s activities and the cash available to fund those activities. The repayments of amounts outstanding under the ETO Credit Facilities depend on multiple factors, including market conditions and expectations of future working capital needs, and ultimately are a financing decision made by management. Therefore, the balance outstanding under the ETO Credit Facilities may vary significantly between periods. We do not believe that such fluctuations indicate a significant change in our liquidity position, because we expect to continue to be able to repay amounts outstanding under the ETO Credit Facilities with proceeds from unit offerings or long-term note offerings.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $224. The outstanding commitments under these facilities at the end of 2022 totaled $184, most of which were standby letters of credit that do not expire or have expiration dates within one year. The bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, most within one year, and we generally intend to renew these 
In the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements. 
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. For further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in countries including the United States, France, and Germany. In January 2020, the Company reached a settlement with the IRS Appeals primarily related to transfer pricing issues in earlier tax years, and income tax reserves were adjusted accordingly. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed in the Company's tax audits are resolved in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. 
The Company has operations and taxable presence in multiple jurisdictions in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions around the world. The Company currently considers U.S. federal, Japan, Australia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and Israel to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal tax returns since fiscal 2008 remain open to examination. With some exceptions, tax years prior to fiscal 2016 in jurisdictions outside of U.S. are generally closed. However, in Japan and United Kingdom, the Company is no longer subject to examinations for years prior to fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2017, respectively. 
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that a decrease of unrecognized tax benefits up to approximately $ 18 million may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse.
