SALESFORCE INC report:
• We support 12 employee-led and founded employee resource groups, which provide a community for underrepresented groups and their allies, offer professional development and mentoring opportunities, and empower employees to be responsive equality leaders in their community. In fiscal 2020, nearly half of our employees engaged in one or more such resource groups. 
Workforce Development: Salesforce is committed to enabling the workforce to learn the skills needed to thrive in the jobs of today and tomorrow. Our free online learning platform, Trailhead, allows anyone to learn in-demand technology and business skills. To date, over 20 million badges have been earned on Trailhead. 
Ethical and Humane Use of Technology: We aspire to create technology that not only drives the success of our customers, but also upholds the basic human rights of every individual. Core to this effort is the establishment of the Office of Ethical and Humane Use of Technology, working across product, law, policy, and ethics to develop and implement a strategic framework for the ethical and humane use of technology across Salesforce.

BOEING CO report:
BCA loss from operations was $6,657 million in 2019 compared with earnings from operations of $7,830 million in 2018 . The decrease of $14,487 million is primarily due to lower 737 deliveries and earnings charges related to the 737 MAX. The 737 MAX grounding and associated changes to our production rate will continue to adversely impact 737 program and overall BCA margins. 
BCA earnings from operations increased by $2,545 million in 2018 compared with 2017 . The increase in operating earnings reflects higher revenues and improved operating margins. The increase in operating margins is primarily due to higher 787 margins, improved cost performance and favorable delivery mix . 
Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due and where no contingencies remain before we and the customer are required to perform. Backlog does not include prospective orders where customer controlled contingencies remain, such as the customer receiving approval from its board of directors, shareholders or government or completing financing arrangements. All such contingencies must be satisfied or have expired prior to recording a new firm order even if satisfying such conditions is highly certain. Backlog excludes options and BCC orders. A number of our customers may have contractual remedies, including rights to reject individual airplane deliveries if the actual delivery date is significantly later than the contractual delivery date. We address customer claims and requests for other contractual relief as they arise. The value of orders in backlog is adjusted as changes to price and schedule are agreed to with customers and is reported in accordance with the requirements of ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Processing, Net sales increased $638 million principally due to higher sales volumes in our South American, North American, and European and Asian soybean processing businesses, primarily driven by increased meal demand in China and increased oil demand in North America, as well as higher volumes and prices in our Canadian and European softseed processing businesses, driven by demand for renewable diesel. 
• In Merchandising, Net sales increased $489 million primarily due to higher average sales prices and volumes in our global corn and global oil businesses, driven by increased demand in China following an easing of trade restrictions in place for much of 2019, as well as higher volumes in Brazil driven by increased farmer selling in response to depreciation of Brazilian real versus the U.S. dollar earlier in the year. The above increases were partially offset by lower volumes in our global wheat business. 
Cost of goods sold increased by $420 million, or 2%, to $28,185 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $27,765 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase was primarily due to the following:
