ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The Affordable Care Act also includes provisions known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, and medical supplies covered under Medicare and Medicaid to record any transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and to report this data to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for subsequent public disclosure. In October 2018, the Substance Use Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act significantly expanded the types of healthcare providers for which reporting is required, beginning with reports filed in 2022. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level domestically, and an increasing number of governments worldwide either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. Failure to report appropriate data may result in civil or criminal fines and/or penalties.
Policy changes or implementation of new health care legislation could result in significant changes to health care systems. In the United States, this could include potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act.
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information and financial information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, various other countries, and various U.S. states (e.g., California) have enacted stricter data protection laws that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering “data localization” laws, which limit companies’ ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
We believe that UPS employees are among the most motivated, highest-performing people in the industry and provide us with a meaningful competitive advantage. To assist with employee recruitment and retention, we continue to review the competitiveness of our employee value proposition, including benefits and pay, the range of continuous training, talent development and promotional opportunities. For additional information on the importance of our human capital efforts, see "Risk Factors - Business and Operating Risks - Failure to attract or retain qualified employees could materially adversely affect us". 
We believe in creating an inclusive and equitable environment that represents a broad spectrum of backgrounds, cultures and stakeholders. By leveraging diversity with respect to gender, age, ethnicity, skills and other factors, and creating inclusive environments, we believe we can improve organizational effectiveness, cultivate innovation and drive growth. 
Our Board of Directors and Board committees provide oversight on human capital matters through a variety of methods and processes. These include regular updates and discussion around human capital transformation efforts, technology initiatives impacting the workforce, health and safety matters, employee survey results related to culture and other matters, hiring and retention, employee demographics, labor relations and contract negotiations, compensation and benefits, succession planning and employee training initiatives. We believe the Board’s oversight of these matters helps identify and mitigate exposure to labor and human capital management risks, and is part of the broader framework that guides how we attract, retain and develop a workforce that aligns with our values and strategies.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is currently under audit by several jurisdictions in the United States and abroad. Some audits may conclude in the next 12 months, and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement amounts. It is not practical to estimate the effect, if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions in connection with the audits. The Company does not anticipate that there will be a material increase or decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
The Company files income tax returns in the United States, various state and local jurisdictions, in Canada, and in several other foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examination for years before fiscal 2017. The Company is currently subject to examination in California for fiscal years 2013 to present. 
The Company is subject to multiple examinations for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions. In certain cases, the Company has received assessments from the authorities. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company reached an agreement on a product tax audit resulting in a benefit of $ 84 . The Company recorded a charge of $ 123 in 2019 regarding this matter. Other possible losses or range of possible losses associated with these examinations are either immaterial or an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss cannot be made at this time. If certain matters or a group of matters were to be decided adversely to the Company, it could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year.
