MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We monitor for changes in tax laws and reflect the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. In response to the United States tax reform legislation enacted on December 22, 2017 (“U.S. tax reform”), the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) issued guidance that allowed us to record provisional amounts for the impacts of U.S. tax reform if the full accounting could not be completed before we filed our 2017 financial statements. For provisions of the tax law where we were unable to make a reasonable estimate of the impact, the guidance allowed us to continue to apply the historical tax provisions in computing our income tax liability and deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2017 . The guidance allowed us to finalize accounting for the U.S. tax reform changes within one year of the December 22, 2017 enactment date. We have finalized our 
accounting for the new provisions based on the guidance that has been issued and included the impacts in our 2018 consolidated financial statements. See Note 15, Income Taxes , for additional information on the impacts of U.S. tax reform. 
In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") that aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs for internal-use software. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the impact on our consolidated financial statements.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Contracts with customers may include multiple distinct performance obligations. For example, advertising contracts may include sponsorship, production, or product integration in addition to the airing of spots and the satisfaction of an audience guarantee. For such contracts, the contract value is allocated to individual performance obligations and recorded as revenue when each performance obligation has been satisfied and value has been transferred to the customer. Distribution contracts also include multiple performance obligations. The Company also enters into certain distribution contracts that include promises to deliver content libraries. There are generally two types of such arrangements: 1) content licensing arrangements that include subscription video on demand (“SVOD”) licensing arrangements and 2) digital direct-to-consumer content (i.e., VOD) which includes a performance obligation within our linear distribution arrangements. These contracts vary by customer and in certain instances include a promise by the Company to deliver existing content and new content. For SVOD arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on that performance obligation's relative standalone selling price, which is determined based on the cost plus an expected margin. In the case of VOD and digital direct-to-consumer content, content is regularly refreshed over the term of the agreement, as new titles are added and older titles are removed. Consequently, satisfaction of the performance obligations generally occurs in the same pattern as the delivery of the linear feed. 
Deferred revenue consists of cash received for television advertising for which the guaranteed viewership has not been provided, product licensing arrangements in which fee collections are in excess of the license value provided, advanced fees received related to the sublicensing of Olympic rights and prior to the sale of the Education Business in 2018, advanced billings to subscribers for access to the Company’s curriculum-based streaming services. The amounts classified as current are expected to be earned within the next year. 
Payment terms vary by the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer types, we require payment before the products or services are delivered to the customer. (See Note 14.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Our NGL Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities, NGL pipelines, NGL fractionation facilities, NGL and related product storage facilities, and NGL marine terminals.
 • Our Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment includes our natural gas pipeline systems that provide for the gathering, treating and transportation of natural gas. This segment also includes our natural gas marketing activities.
Our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment includes our (i) propylene production facilities, which include propylene fractionation units and a PDH facility, and related pipelines and marketing activities, (ii) butane isomerization complex and related deisobutanizer (“DIB”) operations, (iii) octane enhancement, iBDH and HPIB production facilities, (iv) refined products pipelines, terminals and related marketing activities, (v) an ethylene export terminal and related operations; and (vi) marine transportation business.
