WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Financing Costs – We regularly evaluate our variable and fixed-rate debt. We continue to use low-cost, short- and long-term debt to finance our ongoing working capital, capital expenditures and other investments, dividends and share repurchases. We continued to secure low-cost short and long-term debt during 2021. In September 2021, we issued our first green bonds, raising nearly €2.0 billion and enabling us to cost-effectively fund eligible projects that align with our sustainability priorities in the areas of building a thriving ingredient supply chain and reducing our environmental impact. In September 2021, through our subsidiary Mondelez International Holdings Netherlands B.V. (“MIHN”), we also issued €300 million of zero interest exchangeable notes that are redeemable for cash or existing ordinary shares of JDE Peet's at our option. We also continue to use interest rate swaps and other financial instruments to manage our exposure to interest rate and cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the value of our debt. We also enter into cross-currency interest rate swaps, forwards and option collars to hedge our non-U.S. net investments against adverse movements in exchange rates. Our net investment hedge derivative contracts have had and are expected to have a favorable impact and reduce some of the financing costs and related currency impacts within our interest costs. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , and Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information on our debt and derivative activity. 
Cybersecurity Risks – Global cybersecurity risks continue to increase, including during the pandemic and as more employees are working remotely and virtually outside of traditional workplaces. In response, we continue to be on heightened alert and dedicate focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery and to provide ongoing workforce training and employ security measures to protect our systems and data. We are also focusing on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. While we have taken security measures to protect our systems and data, security measures cannot provide absolute certainty or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. 
The following table includes significant income or (expense) items that affected the comparability of our results of operations and our effective tax rates. Please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements indicated below for more information. Refer also to the Consolidated Results of Operations – Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Attributable to Mondelēz International table for the after-tax per share impacts of these items.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Volumes. For the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the prior year, gathered volumes decreased primarily in the South Texas and Northeast regions, partially offset by the impact of the SemGroup acquisition in the Mid-Continent/Panhandle region and volume growth in the Ark-La-Tex and Permian regions. NGL production increased due to the impact of the SemGroup acquisition in the Mid-Continent/Panhandle region and ethane uplift in the Permian, South Texas and North Texas regions. 
• an increase of $55 million in fee-based margin due to the impact of the SemGroup acquisition in the Mid-Continent/Panhandle region and recognized $103 million related to the restructuring and assignment of certain gathering and processing contracts in the Ark-La-Tex region, which included the recognition of $75 million of deferred revenue received in prior periods. This increase was partially offset by the impact of volume declines in the South Texas region; 
• a decrease of $86 million in operating expenses due to cost-saving initiatives, including a decrease of $39 million in outside services, $25 million in materials, $14 million in employee costs and $8 million in office expenses; and
