MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Total selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $608 million from 2016, due to a number of factors noted in the table above, including in part, the benefits from the resolution of tax matters, lower implementation costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program, lower divestiture-related costs, a property insurance recovery in AMEA and lower intangible asset impairment charges. The decreases were partially offset by gains on sales of property in 2016, unfavorable currency impact, value-added tax (“VAT”) related settlements in 2016 and incremental expenses incurred due to the malware incident. 
Excluding the factors noted above, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $380 million from 2016. The decrease was driven primarily by lower overhead costs and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs due to continued cost reduction efforts in both areas. 
Currency changes during the year did not impact operating income as the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, including the Egyptian pound, British pound sterling and Argentinean peso, was offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, Brazilian real, Russian ruble, Australian dollar, Indian rupee and South African rand.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company has operations and taxable presence in multiple jurisdictions in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions around the world. The Company currently considers U.S. federal, Japan, Australia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Ireland and Israel to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal tax returns since fiscal 2008 remain open to examination. With some exceptions, tax years prior to fiscal 2017 in jurisdictions outside of U.S. are generally closed. 
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that an inconsequential decrease of its unrecognized tax benefits may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse, ongoing examinations are completed, or tax positions meet the conditions of being effectively settled. 
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Environmental Remediation Activities. The Partnership’s accrual for environmental remediation activities reflects anticipated work at identified sites where an assessment has indicated that cleanup costs are probable and reasonably estimable. The accrual for known claims is undiscounted and is based on currently available information, estimated timing of remedial actions and related inflation assumptions, existing technology and presently enacted laws and regulations. It is often extremely difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs due to changing regulations, changing technologies and their associated costs, and changes in the economic environment. Engineering studies, historical experience and other factors are used to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated accruals for environmental remediation activities. 
Losses attributable to unasserted claims are generally reflected in the accruals on an undiscounted basis, to the extent they are probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. We have established a wholly-owned captive insurance company to bear certain risks associated with environmental obligations related to certain sites that are no longer operating. The premiums paid to the captive insurance company include estimates for environmental claims that have been incurred but not reported, based on an actuarially determined fully developed claims expense estimate. In such cases, we accrue losses attributable to unasserted claims based on the discounted estimates that are used to develop the premiums paid to the captive insurance company. 
In general, each remediation site/issue is evaluated individually based upon information available for the site/issue and no pooling or statistical analysis is used to evaluate an aggregate risk for a group of similar items (e.g., service station sites) in determining the amount of probable loss accrual to be recorded. The Partnership’s estimates of environmental remediation costs also frequently involve evaluation of a range of estimates. In many cases, it is difficult to determine that one point in the range of loss estimates is more likely than any other. In these situations, existing accounting guidance requires that the minimum of the range be accrued. Accordingly, the low end of the range often represents the amount of loss which has been recorded. The Partnership’s consolidated balance sheet reflected $306 million and $320 million in environmental accruals as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
