ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• Ethane is primarily used in the petrochemical industry as a feedstock in the production of ethylene, one of the basic building blocks for a wide range of plastics and other chemical products.
 • Normal butane is used as a petrochemical feedstock in the production of ethylene and butadiene (a key ingredient of synthetic rubber), as a blendstock for motor gasoline, and to produce isobutane through isomerization.
 • Isobutane is fractionated from mixed butane (a mixed stream of normal butane and isobutane) or produced from normal butane through the process of isomerization, and is used in refinery alkylation to enhance the octane content of motor gasoline, in the production of isooctane and other octane additives, and in the production of propylene oxide.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(3) Refer to Note 10, Financial Instruments , Note 18, Segment Reporting , and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity, forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivatives. 
(4) Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information on the January 3, 2022 acquisition of Chipita, April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food, March 25, 2021 acquisition of a majority interest in Grenade, January 4, 2021 acquisition of the remaining 93% of equity in Hu and April 1, 2020 acquisition of a significant majority interest in Give & Go. 
(6) Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting , for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for Argentina.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The ESPP enables eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock through payroll deductions or other permitted means. The Company recognizes the fair value of the discount associated with shares purchased under the ESPP as share-based compensation expense. 
Advertising costs are expensed as promotional services are delivered and are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. Advertising costs paid to third parties totaled $ 412 million, $ 390 million and $ 355 million for years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
Income taxes are recorded using the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates the Company expects to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not such assets will be unrealized. The Company also engaged in transactions that make the Company eligible for federal investment tax credits. The Company accounts for federal investment tax credits under the flow-through method, under which the tax benefit generated from an investment tax credit is recorded in the period the credit is generated.
