BOEING CO report:
We will continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in future quarters. Changes in our forecasts, discount rates, or decreases in the value of our common stock could cause book values to exceed their fair values which may result in goodwill impairment charges in future periods. 
Many of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. Nonunion and the majority of union employees that had participated in defined benefit pension plans transitioned to a company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plan in 2016. Additional union employees transitioned to company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plans effective January 1, 2019. Accounting rules require an annual measurement of our projected obligation and plan assets. These measurements are based upon several assumptions, including the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of asset return. Future changes in assumptions or differences between actual and expected outcomes can significantly affect our future annual expense, projected benefit obligation and Shareholders’ equity. 
The projected benefit obligation is sensitive to discount rates. The projected benefit obligation would decrease by $2,591 million or increase by $2,930 million if the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points. A 25 basis point change in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on pension cost. However, net periodic pension cost is sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. A decrease or increase of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have increased or decreased 2020 net periodic pension cost by $145 million.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Competition —Competition is based on a variety of factors, including price, raw material procurement, brand recognition, product quality, nutritional profile, dietary trends and distribution capabilities. In Brazil, our major competitors are M. Dias Branco, J. Macedo and Moinho Anaconda, as well as many small regional producers. Our major competitors in Mexico include Elizondo Agroalimentos, S.A. de C.V., Harinera Anáhuac, S.A. de C.V., Molinera de México S.A. de C.V., and Grupo Trimex S.A. Our major competitors in North American corn milling include Cargill, Didion Inc., SEMO Milling, LLC, Life Line Foods, LLC and Gruma S.A.B. de C.V. Our major competitors in our U.S. rice milling business include ADM and Farmers' Rice Cooperative. 
Prior to the formation of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture in December 2019, our sugar and b ioenergy business consisted of eight sugarcane mills in Brazil. In our former sugar and bioenergy business, we used sugarcane to produce sugar and ethanol, which was supplied by a combination of our own plantations and third-party farmers. Additionally, through cogeneration facilities at our sugarcane mills, we produced electricity from the burning of sugarcane bagasse (the fibrous portion of the sugarcane that remains after the extraction of sugarcane juice) in boilers, which enabled our mills to meet their energy requirements. Any surplus electricity was sold to the local grid or other large third-party users of electricity. All of these activities were assumed by our BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture. As a result of this transaction, we account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting and no longer consolidate our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations in our consolidated financial statements. 
In connection with the formation of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture, we combined our eight mills, the plantations we owned and managed, and related assets, together with BP’s sugar and bioenergy business in Brazil, which included three mills and related assets. The mills of the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture are supplied with sugarcane grown on approximately 313,000 hectares of land. In 2019, approximately 70% of our total milled sugarcane came from our owned or managed plantations and 30% was purchased from third-party suppliers. These mills allow the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture to produce sugar, ethanol and electricity, as further described below.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The restricted stock, which upon vesting entitles the holder to one share of common stock for each share of restricted stock, has an exercise price of $ 0.001 per share, which is equal to the par value of the Company’s common stock, and generally vest over four years . The total fair value of shares vested during fiscal 2023 and 2022 was $ 2.1 billion and $ 3.2 billion, respectively. 
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized as of January 31, 2023 was as follows (in millions):  
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized reflects only outstanding stock awards as of January 31, 2023 and assumes no forfeiture activity. The aggregate expected stock-based expense remaining will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately two years .
