BOEING CO report:
Given the complexity of certain of the Company’s fixed-price development contracts, including the KC-46A Tanker, Commercial Crew, and United States Air Force VC-25B Presidential Aircraft contracts, the limited amount of historical data available in certain instances and significant judgments necessary to estimate future costs at completion, auditing these estimates involved extensive audit effort and a high degree of auditor judgment and required audit professionals with specialized industry experience. 
Our auditing procedures related to the cost estimates for the KC-46A Tanker, Commercial Crew, and United States Air Force VC-25B Presidential Aircraft fixed-price development contracts included the following, among others: 
• We performed inquiries of the Company’s project managers and others directly involved with the contracts to evaluate project status and project challenges which may affect total estimated costs to complete. We also observed the project work site when key estimates related to tangible or physical progress of the project.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We leverage our leadership, extensive knowledge of the industry, and our deeply rooted relationships with customers at both ends of the value chain to address the sustainability challenges facing the food, feed, and fuel supply chains in which we operate. We intend to address those challenges by, among other things, connecting farmers and our end customers as they seek to establish common approaches to overcome shared sustainability challenges. For example, Bunge is actively engaged in supplying low carbon feedstock for renewable fuels, sourcing and supplying grains planted under regenerative agricultural practices, and supplying certified and verified deforestation-free grains and by-products, among other initiatives. These business objectives are a natural extension of our sustainability efforts and have been partly developed by applying a “climate lens” to our strategic decision-making. 
• Action on Climate —We implement innovative solutions designed to minimize our environmental footprint and support projects and activities that strengthen our approach to fighting climate change. This pillar includes publication of Bunge’s progress on meeting its GHG reduction targets, which were validated by the Science Based Targets Initiative ("SBTi") in 2021, as discussed further below. 
• Responsible Supply Chains —We promote sustainable agriculture and implement projects that are designed to protect and improve the environment while supporting the social and economic well-being of growers and local communities. Within this pillar, we publish progress on our commitment to eliminate deforestation and native vegetation conversion in our supply chains in 2025, our compliance with human rights obligations, and our engagement with farmers to promote sustainable and regenerative agricultural practices.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The DAC and DSI adjustment balance represents the amount by which the amortization of DAC and DSI would increase or decrease if the unrealized gains or losses in the respective product portfolios were realized. 
Upon adoption of the recognition and measurement accounting standard on January 1, 2018, $ 1.16 billion of pre-tax unrealized net capital gains for equity securities were reclassified from AOCI to retained income. 
For each fixed income security in an unrealized loss position, the Company assesses whether management with the appropriate authority has made the decision to sell or whether it is more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis for reasons such
