ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
an increase of $40 million in reservation and usage fees due to improved market conditions allowing us to successfully bring new volumes to the system at improved rates, primarily on our Transwestern, Tiger and Panhandle Eastern systems; and 
an increase of $6 million from the Sea Robin pipeline due to higher rates resulting from the rate case filed in June 2019, as well as fewer third party supply interruptions on the Sea Robin system; partially offset by 
an increase of $138 million in operating expense primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes of $126 million on the Rover pipeline system resulting from placing the final portions of this asset into service in November 2018, an increase of $24 million in transportation expense on Rover due to an increase in transportation volumes, an increase of $5 million in allocated overhead costs and additional operating expense of $4 million for assets acquired in June 2019, partially offset by lower gas imbalance and system gas activity of $15 million and lower storage capacity leased on the Panhandle Eastern system of $8 million ;

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year. 
The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, U.K., Japan, Korea, Australia, Spain, Iceland, France, and China and through a majority-owned subsidiary in Taiwan. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1 . Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income. Certain operating expenses, predominantly stock-based compensation, incurred on behalf of the Company's Canadian and Other International operations, are included in the U.S. operations because those costs generally come under the responsibility of U.S. management. 
   52 Weeks Ended August 30, 2020   First Quarter (12 Weeks) Second Quarter (12 Weeks) Third Quarter (12 Weeks) Fourth Quarter (16 Weeks) Total (52 Weeks) REVENUE Net sales $ 36,236   $ 38,256   $ 36,451   $ 52,277   $ 163,220   Membership fees 804   816   815   1,106   3,541   Total revenue 37,040   39,072   37,266   53,383   166,761   OPERATING EXPENSES Merchandise costs (1)

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Policy changes, including potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act, or implementation of new health care legislation, could result in significant changes to the health care system. 
The regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information and financial information), is increasing. For example, the European Union has enacted stricter data protection laws, which took effect in 2018, that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information, and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering "data localization" laws, which limit companies' ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be increasing complexity in this area. 
Governmental cost containment efforts also affect Abbott's nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.
