WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
From time to time certain items may impact the comparability of our consolidated results of operations between two periods. In comparing the financial results for the years 2017 and 2016, the Company has identified foreign currency as one such item, as noted below. The Company also has various acquisitions and dispositions that impact the comparability of our results. To the extent that the transaction materially impacts a particular item or segment, it may be discussed in the relevant section above (see Note 3 to the accompanying consolidating financial statements). 
The impact of exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period to period comparisons of our results. For example, our international revenues are favorably impacted as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the U.S dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis ("ex-FX"), in addition to results reported in accordance with GAAP, provides useful information about our operating performance because the presentation ex-FX excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility and highlights our core operating results. The presentation of results on a constant currency basis should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP. 
The ex-FX change represents the percentage change on a period-over-period basis adjusted for foreign currency impacts. The ex-FX change is calculated as the difference between the current year amounts translated at a baseline rate, a spot rate for each of our currencies determined early in the fiscal year as part of our forecasting process, (the “2016 Baseline Rate”) and the prior year amounts translated at the same 2016 Baseline Rate. In addition, consistent with the assumption of a constant currency environment, our ex-FX results exclude the impact of our foreign currency hedging activities as well as realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses. The impact of foreign currency on the comparability of our results is reflected in the tables below (in millions). Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. For a definition and reconciliation of segment operating income to consolidated pre-tax earnings as well as other information on our segments, see Note 17, Segment Reporting . 
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues from continuing operations in 2018 . Our five largest customers accounted for 16.8% and our ten largest customers accounted for 23.0% of net revenues from continuing operations in 2018 .

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2022, we announced that an affiliate of Enterprise entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Navitas Midstream Partners, LLC (“Navitas Midstream”) from an affiliate of Warburg Pincus LLC for $3.25 billion. The purchase price was paid in cash at closing on February 17, 2022. We funded the cash consideration for this acquisition using proceeds from the issuance of short-term notes under our commercial paper program and cash on hand.
Our forecast of capital investments is dependent upon our ability to generate the required funds from either operating cash flows or other means, including borrowings under debt agreements, the issuance of additional equity and debt securities, and potential divestitures. We may revise our forecast of capital investments due to factors beyond our control, such as adverse economic conditions, weather-related issues and changes in supplier prices. Furthermore, our forecast of capital investments may change due to decisions made by management at a later date, which may include unforeseen acquisition opportunities. Our success in raising capital, including partnering with other companies to share project costs and risks, continues to be a significant factor in determining how much capital we can invest. We believe our access to capital resources is sufficient to meet the demands of our current and future growth needs and, although we expect to make the forecast capital investments noted above, we may adjust the timing and amounts of projected expenditures in response to changes in capital market conditions.
 • completion of projects associated with crude oil pipelines (e.g., expansion projects involving the Midland-to-ECHO System and related crude oil-related infrastructure supporting Permian Basin producers), which accounted for a combined $479.4 million decrease;
