ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The following tables show the effect of hypothetical price movements on the estimated fair values of our principal commodity derivative instrument portfolios at the dates indicated (dollars in millions).
The fair value information presented in the sensitivity analysis tables excludes the impact of applying Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”) Rule 814, which deems that financial instruments cleared by the CME are settled daily in connection with variation margin payments. As a result of this exchange rule, CME-related derivatives are considered to have no fair value at the balance sheet date for financial reporting purposes; however, the derivatives remain outstanding and subject to future commodity price fluctuations until they are settled in accordance with their contractual terms. Derivative transactions cleared on exchanges other than the CME (e.g., the Intercontinental Exchange or ICE) continue to be reported on a gross basis.
We may utilize interest rate swaps, forward-starting swaps, options to enter into forward-starting swaps (“swaptions”), and similar derivative instruments to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates charged on borrowings under certain consolidated debt agreements. This strategy may be used in controlling our overall cost of capital associated with such borrowings.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company used DCF analyses, which represent Level 3 fair value measurements, to assess certain components of its purchase price allocation. The fair value of intangibles was determined using an income approach based on the excess earnings method. For the fair value estimates, the Company used: (i) projected discounted cash flows, (ii) historical and projected financial information, (iii) synergies including cost savings and (iv) attrition rates, as relevant, that market participants would consider when estimating fair values. The Company reflected measurement period adjustments, in the period in which the adjustment occurred. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, measurement period adjustments, as well as a reconciliation to cash consideration transferred is presented in the table below (in millions). 
On September 25, 2017 , the Company contributed its linear cable network focused on cars and motor sports, Velocity, to a new joint venture MotorTrend Group, LLC ("MTG"), formally VTEN with GoldenTree Asset Management L.P. ("GoldenTree"). GoldenTree's contributions to the joint venture included businesses from The Enthusiast Network, Inc. ("TEN"), primarily MotorTrend.com, the MotorTrend YouTube channel and the MotorTrend OnDemand OTT service. TEN did not contribute its print businesses to the joint venture. The joint venture has a portfolio of digital content, social groups, live events and original content focused on the automotive audience. In exchange for their contributions, Discovery and GoldenTree received 67.5 % and 32.5 % ownership of the new joint venture, respectively. GoldenTree's 32.5 % noncontrolling interest in the joint venture is presented as redeemable noncontrolling interest outside of permanent equity. (See Note 11.) 
Upon the closing of the transaction, Discovery consolidated the joint venture under the voting interest consolidation model. As the Company controlled Velocity and continues to control Velocity after the transaction, the change in the value of the Company's ownership interest was accounted for as an equity transaction and no gain or loss was recognized in the Company's consolidated statements of operations, but was reflected as a component of additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statement of equity. The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to TEN's contributed businesses, whereby the excess of the fair value of the contributed business over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The goodwill reflects the workforce and synergies expected from broader exposure to the automotive entertainment sector. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition is included in the U.S. Networks reportable segment and is not amortizable for tax purposes. Intangible assets primarily consist of trade names, licensing agreements and customer relationships with a weighted average estimated useful life of 16 years .

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We monitor for changes in tax laws and reflect the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. When there is refinement to tax law changes in subsequent periods, we account for the new guidance in the period when it becomes known. 
In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") that removes certain exceptions in accounting for income taxes, improves consistency in application and clarifies existing guidance. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In October 2018, the FASB issued an ASU that permits the use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") Overnight Index Swap ("OIS") Rate as a U.S. benchmark interest rate for hedge accounting purposes. We adopted the new standard on January 1, 2019 and there was no material impact to our consolidated financial statements upon adoption.
