VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our overall investment strategy is to achieve a mix of assets that allows us to meet projected benefit payments while taking into consideration risk and return. In an effort to reduce the risk of our portfolio strategy and better align assets with liabilities, we have adopted a liability driven pension strategy that seeks to better match the interest rate sensitivity of the liability hedging assets with the interest rate sensitivity of the liability. We expect that the strategy will reduce the likelihood that assets will decline at a time when liabilities increase (referred to as liability hedging), with the goal to reduce the risk of underfunding to the plan and its participants and beneficiaries. Over time, as the asset allocation shifts to more liability hedging assets, this strategy will generally result in lower expected asset returns. In 2023, we expect discretionary qualified pension plan contributions to be approximately $200 million and nonqualified pension plan contributions to be insignificant. 
Contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans generally relate to payments for benefits on an as-incurred basis since these other postretirement benefit plans do not have funding requirements similar to the pension plans. We contributed $692 million and $885 million to our other postretirement benefit plans in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans are estimated to be approximately $820 million in 2023. 
In connection with the execution of agreements for the sale of businesses and investments, Verizon ordinarily provides representations and warranties to the purchasers pertaining to a variety of nonfinancial matters, such as ownership of the securities being sold, as well as financial losses. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In fiscal 2020, we will begin transitioning away from this UK-centralized European structure and enable some of our local subsidiaries within Europe to invoice customers directly and thereby recognize revenues, operating expenses and corresponding balance sheet accounts in local currencies. With the change to local invoicing in some markets, we expect better alignment between our revenue and expenses in the local currency thereby reducing our foreign currency exposure. 
The U.K. held a referendum in June 2016 in which a majority of voters approved an exit from the European Union ("EU") (“Brexit”). In March 2017, the UK government gave formal notice of its intention to leave the EU and started the process of negotiating the future terms of the UK's relationship with the EU. Brexit could adversely affect UK, regional (including European) and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the British Pound and Euro. We have evaluated and started to implement initiatives, such as the commitment to invest resources in Dublin, Ireland, that could partially mitigate the impact Brexit could have on our operations. In fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, total revenues generated in Europe were approximately 19 percent , 18 percent and 16 percent  of total revenues, respectively, of which substantially all were recorded in our UK subsidiary. Revenues in Europe increased on a total dollar basis by $35 million and $104 million in fiscal 2019  compared to fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, respectively, as a result of the strengthening British Pound Sterling. We recognize that there are still significant uncertainties surrounding the ultimate resolution of Brexit negotiations, and we will continue to monitor any changes that may arise and assess their potential impact on our business. 
Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from selling annual and multi-year subscriptions in multiple currencies, customer accounts receivable, intercompany transfer pricing arrangements and other intercompany transactions. Our foreign currency management objective is to minimize the effect of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on selected assets or liabilities without exposing us to additional risk associated with transactions that could be regarded as speculative.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Seven-Year Term Contract , which is placed in the traditional reinsurance market contains comparable contract terms and conditions as layer six. The contract provides a $ 446 million limit and is 29.37 % placed, and expires May 31, 2022. The contract contains a variable reset option which allows for the annual adjustment of the attachment and exhaustion level within specified limits. The variable reset option requires a premium adjustment. The contract contains one reinstatement of limits over its seven -year term with premium required. Reinsurance premiums for all contracts are subject to redetermination for exposure changes on an annual basis. 
2019-1 Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract reinsures personal lines property and automobile excess losses in 49 states and the District of Columbia, excluding Florida, caused by named storms, earthquakes and fire following earthquakes, severe weather, wildfires, and other naturally occurring or man-made events declared to be a catastrophe by the Company. This contract is placed with Sanders Re II Ltd. which obtained funding from the ILS market to collateralize the contract’s limit. The contract reinsures business located in the covered territory and arising out of covered events. The contract’s risk period began April 1, 2019 and terminates on March 31, 2023. The contract provides a $ 400 million limit and is 75 % placed, during its four-year term which can be used on a per occurrence or an annual aggregate basis. For a qualifying loss occurrence, the contract provides 75 % of $ 400 million in reinsurance limits in excess of a minimum $ 2.75 billion retention for the April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020 period. The New Jersey Excess Catastrophe Agreement, layer six, the Seven-Year Term Contract for layer seven, and the 5 % co-participation inure to the benefit of this contract for events that exceed the retention. As a result, while those layers are fully intact, the contract would begin to pay subject losses in excess of $ 3.07 billion . 
The contract also provides an annual aggregate limit of 75 % of $ 400 million in reinsurance limits between a $ 3.54 billion to $ 3.94 billion layer subject to an annual retention of $ 3.54 billion . For each annual period beginning April 1, the Company declared catastrophes occurring during such annual period can be aggregated to erode the aggregate retention and qualify for coverage under the aggregate limit. Reinsurance recoveries from and including layers one through seven of the Nationwide Program and the New Jersey Excess Catastrophe Agreement inure to the benefit of the annual aggregate layer.
