ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Average premium-gross written (“average premium”): Gross premiums written divided by issued item count. Gross premiums written include the impacts from discounts, surcharges and ceded reinsurance premiums and exclude the impacts from mid-term premium adjustments and premium refund accruals. Average premiums represent the appropriate policy term for each line. 
• Renewal ratio: Renewal policy item counts issued during the period, based on contract effective dates, divided by the total policy item counts issued generally 6 months prior for auto or 12 months prior for homeowners. 
Frequency and severity statistics , which are influenced by driving patterns, inflation and other factors, are provided to describe the trends in loss costs. Our reserving process incorporates changes in loss patterns, operational statistics and changes in claims reporting processes to determine our best estimate of recorded reserves. We use the following statistics to evaluate losses:

SALESFORCE INC report:
and innovation drives customer success, which in turn drives mutual growth. In addition, we have spearheaded initiatives that foster a culture of equal pay, equal advancement, equal opportunity and equal rights for our more than 35,000 employees as a leading example for the broader world. 
We believe the business of business is improving the state of the world for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, our customers, our employees, the environment and the communities in which we work and live. Salesforce is committed to transparent environmental, social and governance disclosures and maintaining programs that support the success of these initiatives. Refer to our "Environmental, Social and Governance" discussion in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
We were incorporated in Delaware in February 1999. Our principal executive offices are located in San Francisco, California. Our principal address is Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, and our primary website address is www.salesforce.com.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The U.S. wireless market has achieved a high penetration of smartphones, which reduces the opportunity for new phone connection growth for the industry. We expect future revenue growth in the industry to be driven by expanding existing customer 
relationships, increasing the number of ways customers can connect with wireless networks and services and increasing the penetration of FWA and connected devices including wearables, tablets and IoT devices. Although certain use cases for 5G technologies and related ecosystems are in early development stages, we expect this technology will provide a significant opportunity for growth in the coming years. With respect to our wireless connectivity products and services, we compete against other national wireless service providers, including AT&T Inc. and T-Mobile US, Inc., as well as various regional wireless service providers. We also compete for retail activations with resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers, including Verizon, and resell it to their customers. Resellers include cable companies, such as Comcast Corporation and Charter Communications, Inc., and others. We face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc., Meta Platforms, Inc. and others are offering alternative means for messaging and making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless providers' voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content. In addition, we expect to see increasing competition in the provisioning of internet access by low Earth orbit satellite companies as well in the area of fixed wireless offerings that provide an alternative to traditional landline internet service providers. 
With respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an increasingly important role in the wireless competitive landscape. We compete in this area by offering our customers services and devices that we believe they will regard as the best available value for the price. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. These service offerings will vary from time to time based on customer needs, technology changes and market conditions and may be provided as standard plans or as part of limited time promotional offers. In addition, aggressive device promotions have become more common in an effort to gain a greater share of subscribers interested in changing carriers as well as retaining existing customers.
