VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Advanced Communications Services. We offer a suite of services to our customers to help them communicate with their employees, partners, vendors, constituents and customers. These products include Internet Protocol (IP)-based voice services, unified communications and collaboration tools and customer contact center solutions. 
Security services . We offer a suite of management and data security services that help our customers protect, detect and respond to security threats to their networks, data, applications and infrastructure. 
Core services . We provide a portfolio of domestic and global voice and data solutions utilizing traditional telecommunications technology, including voice calling, messaging services, conferencing, contact center solutions and private line and data access networks. Core services also include the provision of customer premises equipment, and installation, maintenance and site services.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The following cases are currently pending against the Company: Olberg v. Allstate Insurance Company, Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company, and CCC Information Services, Inc. (W.D. Wash., filed April 2018); Bloomgarden v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (S.D. Fla., filed July 2018, dismissed August 2019, refiled on September 2019, remanded to 17th Judicial Circuit, Broward County October 2020); Erby v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (E.D. Pa., filed October 2018); Kronenberg v. Allstate Insurance Company and Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (E.D. N.Y., filed December 2018); Ryan v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (7th Judicial Circuit, Volusia County, Fla.; filed May 2019, dismissed and refiled October 2019); Durgin v. Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company (W.D. LA, filed June 7, 2019); Anderson v. Allstate Insurance Company (20th Judicial Circuit, Collier County, Fla.; filed August 2019); Cody v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and Allstate County Mutual Insurance Company (N.D. Tex., filed August 2019); Williams v. Esurance Property and Casualty Insurance Company (C.D. Cal,; filed September 2020); Cotton v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company (Cir. Ct. of Cook County, Chancery Div., Ill.; filed October 2020); Romaniak v. Esurance Property and Casualty Insurance Company (N.D. Ohio, filed December 2020); Gosa v. Esurance Property and Casualty Insurance Company (S.D. Ill., filed December 2020). 
Other proceedings The stockholder derivative actions described below are disclosed pursuant to SEC disclosure requirements for these types of matters. The putative class action alleging violations of the federal securities laws is disclosed because it involves similar allegations to those made in the stockholder derivative actions. 
Biefeldt / IBEW Consolidated Action. Two separately filed stockholder derivative actions have been consolidated into a single proceeding that is pending in the Circuit Court for Cook County, Illinois, Chancery Division. The original complaint in the first-filed of those actions, Biefeldt v. Wilson, et al. , was filed on August 3, 2017, in that court by a plaintiff alleging that she is a stockholder of the Company. On June 29, 2018, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss that complaint for failure to make a pre-suit demand on the Allstate Board but granted plaintiff permission to file an amended complaint. The original complaint in IBEW Local No. 98 Pension Fund v. Wilson, et al. , was filed on April 12, 2018, in the same court by another plaintiff alleging to be a stockholder of the Company. After the court issued its dismissal decision in the Biefeldt action, plaintiffs agreed to consolidate the two actions and filed a consolidated amended complaint naming as defendants the Company’s chairman, president and chief executive officer, its former president, and certain present or former members of the board of directors. In that complaint, plaintiffs allege that the directors and officer defendants breached their fiduciary duties to the Company in connection with allegedly material misstatements or omissions concerning the Company’s automobile insurance claim frequency statistics and the reasons for a claim frequency increase for Allstate brand auto i nsurance between October 2014 and August 3, 2015. The factual allegations are substantially similar to those at issue in In re The Allstate Corp. Securities Litigation . Plaintiffs further allege that a senior officer and several outside directors engaged in stock option exercises allegedly while in possession of material nonpublic information. Plaintiffs seek, on behalf of the Company, an unspecified amount of damages and various forms of equitable relief. Defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated complaint on September 24, 2018 for failure to make a demand on the Allstate Board. On May 14, 2019, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint, but allowed plaintiffs leave to file a second consolidated amended complaint which they filed on September 17, 2019. Defendants moved to dismiss the complaint on November 1, 2019 for failure to make a demand on the Allstate Board. The court subsequently requested supplemental briefing on the motion which concluded on February 1, 2021. A ruling is expected at a status conference scheduled for February 24, 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We focus on equality, diversity and inclusion, development programs and engagement to attract and retain the best talent. We rely on various initiatives to support these objectives and have programs in place for intentional recruiting, talent 
Equality is a core value at Salesforce. We aim to create a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and empowers our employees. Our key equality initiatives include: investing in our future leaders, inclusive hiring and leadership trainings, equal pay for equal work, employee-led resource groups and a focus on accessibility in our products and workspaces. For example: 
• We review the salaries and bonuses of our global workforce on an annual basis to ensure everyone is paid equally for equal work and close any unexplained gaps. As of January 31, 2021, we had spent more than $12 million since this program began, to ensure our global workforce is paid fairly. In the United States we also review differences in pay for gender as well as race and ethnicity.
