ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products — Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart and neuromodulation products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Arrhythmias & Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation and Structural Heart divisions are aggregated and reported as the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation segment. 
Abbott's underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of each segment's assets. 
The following segment information has been prepared in accordance with the internal accounting policies of Abbott, as described above, and are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied to the consolidated financial statements.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Borrowings under the Initial Term Loan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at USF’s option, either (1) LIBOR plus a margin of 1.75 % or (2) an ABR plus a margin of 0.75 %. The table above reflects the January 2, 2021 interest rate on the unhedged portion of the Initial Term Loan Facility. The effective interest rate of the portion of the Initial Term Loan Facility subject to interest rate swap agreements was 3.45 % as of January 2, 2021. 
The Initial Term Loan Facility was amended on November 26, 2019 to lower the interest rate margins on outstanding borrowings, among other things. In connection with the November 2019 amendment of the Initial Term Loan Facility, the Company applied modification accounting to the majority of the continuing lenders as the terms of the facility were not substantially different from the terms that applied to those lenders prior to the amendment. For the remaining lenders, the Company applied debt extinguishment accounting. The Company recorded a debt extinguishment loss of $ 2 million in interest expense, consisting primarily of a write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs related to the amendment. 
The Initial Term Loan Facility is scheduled to mature on June 27, 2023. Borrowings under the Initial Term Loan Facility may be voluntarily prepaid without penalty or premium, other than customary breakage costs related to prepayments of LIBOR-based borrowings. The Initial Term Loan Facility may require mandatory repayments if certain assets are sold.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers. The Salesforce Customer Data Platform connects customer data so any team can access insights into how a customer interacts across various platforms. 
Commerce. Our Commerce offering empowers brands to unify the customer experience across many points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. Through personalized shopping experiences and a robust partner ecosystem, our Commerce offering helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, loyalty and revenue from their customers. Our Commerce offering also delivers click-to-code tools that provide customers with the ability to choose how they build and deploy our solutions quickly around their customers as markets, industries and customers change. 
Analytics . Our Analytics offering, including Tableau, provides customers an advanced, end-to-end analytics solution serving a broad range of enterprise use cases. Analytics offers customers intelligent analytics capabilities to better understand their business data. By providing self-service data preparation and analytical technology to customers, Analytics is designed to improve our customers' decision-making and allow customers to take action from any device.
