SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company's core mission is to empower its customers to connect with their customers in entirely new ways through cloud, mobile, social, Internet of Things (“IoT”) and artificial intelligence ("AI") technologies. 
The Company's Customer Success Platform is a comprehensive portfolio of service offerings providing sales force automation, customer service and support, marketing automation, digital commerce, integration solutions, community management, industry-specific solutions, analytics, application development, IoT integration, collaborative productivity tools, an enterprise cloud marketplace which the Company refers to as the AppExchange, and its professional services. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in the Company’s consolidated  financial statements and notes thereto.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The following table summarizes the activity for foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges, debt designated as a hedge of net investment in a foreign subsidiary and certain other derivative financial instruments, as well as the amounts and location of income (expense) and gain (loss) reclassified into income. 
A gain of $ 19 million, a loss of $ 171 million and a gain of $ 75 million were recognized in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedges. These amounts are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line.
The interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• a $ 150.6 million year-to-year decrease   in net cash used for business combinations. We acquired a 50% equity interest in Delaware Processing in March 2018 for $150.6 million. 
 • a $ 456.2 million year-to-year decrease in net cash proceeds from the issuance of common units in connection with the DRIP and EUPP. As noted previously, EPD announced in July 2019 that, beginning with the quarterly distribution payment paid in August 2019, it would use common units purchased on the open market, rather than issuing new common units, to satisfy its delivery obligations under the DRIP and EUPP. Prior to this change, EPD issued an aggregate 2,897,990 common units, which generated $82.2 million of net cash proceeds, in connection with the DRIP and EUPP in 2019. This compares to an aggregate 19,861,951 common units, which generated $538.4 million of net cash proceeds, issued under these plans in 2018; 
 • a net $175.5 million year-to-year decrease in net cash inflows from debt. During 2019, we issued $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, partially offset by the repayment or repurchase of $1.52 billion principal amount of senior and junior subordinated notes. During   2018, we issued $5.7 billion aggregate principal amount of senior and junior subordinated notes, partially offset by the repayment of $2.3 billion in principal amount of such notes.   In addition, net issuances of short term notes under EPO’s commercial paper program were $481.8 million in 2019 compared to net repayments of $1.75 billion in 2018 ;
