ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
The adoption and implementation of any international, federal or state legislation or regulations that require reporting of GHGs or otherwise restrict emissions of GHGs could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, demand for our services, results of operations, and cash flows. Recently, activists concerned about the potential effects of climate change have directed their attention at sources of funding for fossil-fuel energy companies, which has resulted in certain financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital restricting or eliminating their investment in oil and natural gas activities. Ultimately, this could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration and production or midstream activities. Notwithstanding potential risks related to climate change, the International Energy Agency estimates that global energy demand will continue to rise and will not peak until after 2040 and that oil and natural gas will continue to represent a substantial percentage of global energy use over that time. Finally, some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHG in the atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such 
Some have suggested that one consequence of climate change could be increased severity of extreme weather, such as increased hurricanes and floods. If such effects were to occur, our operations could be adversely affected in various ways, including damages to our facilities from powerful winds or rising waters, or increased costs for insurance. Another possible consequence of climate change is increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. The market for our NGLs and natural gas is generally improved by periods of colder weather and impaired by periods of warmer weather, so any changes in climate could affect the market for the fuels that we produce. Despite the use of the term “global warming” as a shorthand for climate change, some studies indicate that climate change could cause some areas to experience temperatures substantially colder than their historical averages. As a result, it is difficult to predict how the market for our products could be affected by increased temperature volatility, although if there is an overall trend of warmer temperatures, it would be expected to have an adverse effect on our business. 
Employee Health and Safety.   We are subject to the requirements of the federal OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. In addition, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’s hazard communication standard requires that information be maintained about hazardous materials used or produced in operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and citizens. Historically, our costs for OSHA required activities, including general industry standards, recordkeeping requirements, and monitoring of occupational exposure to regulated substances, have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations but there is no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company accounts for investment tax credits utilizing the flow through method. As of December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , the carrying value of the Company's renewable energy investments was $89 million  and $98 million , respectively. The Company has $4 million  of future funding commitments for these investments as of December 31, 2018 , which are cancelable under limited circumstances. The Company has concluded that losses incurred on these investments to-date are not indicative of an other-than-temporary impairment due to the nature of these investments. Losses in the early stages of investments in companies that sponsor renewable energy projects are not uncommon, and the Company expects improved performance from these investments in future periods. 
At December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , the Company's other equity method investments included production companies such as All3Media, a Russian cable television business, Mega TV in Chile and certain joint ventures in Canada. Other equity method investments acquired in conjunction with the acquisition of Scripps Networks include joint ventures in Canada, and HGTV and Food Network Magazines. The Company recorded impairment losses of $29 million  for the year ended December 31, 2018  because the carrying amount of certain investments was not recoverable. The impairment losses are reflected as a component of loss from equity investees, net on the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 
With the exception of the OWN investment prior to the Company's November 30, 2017  consolidation (see Note 3), UKTV, nC+, and certain investments in renewable energy projects for which the Company uses the HLBV methodology for allocating earnings, the carrying values of the Company’s remaining equity method investments are consistent with its ownership in the underlying net assets of the investees. A portion of the purchase prices associated with UKTV and nC+ was attributed to amortizable intangible assets, which are included in their carrying values. Earnings from our equity investees were reduced by the amortization of these intangibles by $27 million  during the period from March 6, 2018  to December 31, 2018 . Amortization that reduces the Company's equity in earnings of equity method investees for future periods is expected to be approximately $291 million .

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Fluctuations in our consolidated revenues and cost of sales amounts are explained in large part by changes in energy commodity prices. An increase in our consolidated marketing revenues due to higher energy commodity sales prices may not result in an increase in gross operating margin or cash available for distribution, since our consolidated cost of sales amounts would also be expected to increase due to comparable increases in the purchase prices of the underlying energy commodities. The same type of relationship would be true in the case of lower energy commodity sales prices and purchase costs.
We attempt to mitigate commodity price exposure through our hedging activities and the use of fee-based arrangements. See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report and “ Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ” under Part II, Item 7A of this annual report for information regarding our commodity hedging activities.
Total revenues for 2021 increased $13.61 billion when compared to 2020 primarily due to a $12.99 billion increase in marketing revenues. Revenues from the marketing of NGLs, natural gas, petrochemicals and refined products increased a combined net $8.88 billion year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales prices, which accounted for an $11.4 billion increase, partially offset by lower sales volumes, which accounted for a $2.52 billion decrease. Revenues from the marketing of crude oil increased $4.11 billion year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales prices, which accounted for a $2.84 billion increase, and higher sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $1.27 billion increase.
