ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our success in raising capital, including partnering with other companies to share costs and risks, continues to be a significant factor in determining how much capital we can invest. We believe our access to capital resources is sufficient to meet the demands of our current and future growth needs and, although we expect to make the forecast capital expenditures noted above, we may adjust the timing and amounts of projected expenditures in response to changes in capital market conditions. 
(2) Growth capital projects either (a) result in new sources of cash flow due to enhancements of or additions to existing assets (e.g., additional revenue streams, cost savings resulting from debottlenecking of a facility, etc.) or (b) expand our asset base through construction of new facilities that will generate additional revenue streams and cash flows. 
(3) Sustaining capital expenditures are capital expenditures (as defined by GAAP) resulting from improvements to existing assets. Such expenditures serve to maintain existing operations but do not generate additional revenues or result in significant cost savings.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our land segment has grown primarily through acquisitions as we seek to build out our land fuel distribution capabilities in the U.S. and the U.K. Recently, our land segment has been negatively impacted by our decision to reposition the portfolio and reduce certain supply and trading activities which were not generating a sufficient or predictable economic return as a result of market conditions. In addition, our operating results in the U.S. and U.K. have been adversely impacted in the past by unseasonably warm winter weather conditions and accordingly, our results will continue to be impacted by future weather patterns. Meanwhile, our land segment has benefited from strong sales to government customers, including NATO in Afghanistan, and we expect such activity to remain generally consistent in 2019. We continue to focus on rationalizing our portfolio, exiting certain non-core activities, and reorienting our activities towards supplying more sustainable end-user demand to provide greater leverage and ratability in our operating model. We are also focused on driving operational excellence, realizing the synergies associated with our previous acquisitions, and improving our technology platform to reduce transaction processing costs. 
Our marine segment results have improved over the course of 2018 despite the weak overall conditions within the global shipping markets. We believe overall volumes in our marine segment have stabilized and higher average fuel prices, combined with the effects of our cost savings initiatives, have improved profitability. The implementation of mandatory fuel standards, such as the IMO's regulations limiting sulfur in fuel oil used on ships that will be effective on January 1, 2020, may provide additional opportunities for us to create value-added solutions for our customers and further enhance profitability. 
As a result of the challenges in the markets where we operate, we continue to rationalize our operating model and portfolio of businesses to gain efficiencies through various initiatives that are ongoing throughout the company. We are investing in automation and technology throughout our businesses, which we expect will ultimately lower our cost, reduce cycle time and improve scalability. Furthermore, we continue to implement our enterprise-wide restructuring plan, designed to streamline the organization and reallocate resources to align more effectively our organizational structure and costs with our ultimate strategy to improve operating efficiencies. The restructuring program involves rationalizing non-core businesses and investments, refining our organizational structure, and advancing business prospects in the markets we serve, as well as exiting certain business activities and reinventing our core businesses to improve scalability. We expect this portfolio rationalization will free up additional capital to invest in activities with sustainable revenue and adequate returns while we continue to manage our working capital and inventory in a volatile fuel price environment.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
In 2020, JDE Peet’s B.V. (renamed JDE Peet’s N.V. immediately prior to Settlement (as defined below), “JDE Peet’s”) consummated the offering, listing and trading of its ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam, a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. In connection with this transaction, JDE Peet’s and the selling shareholders, including us, agreed to sell at a price of € 31.50 per ordinary share a total of approximately 82.1 million ordinary shares, including ordinary shares subject to an over-allotment option. The ordinary shares were listed and first traded on May 29, 2020, and payment for, and delivery of, the ordinary shares sold in the offering (excluding ordinary shares subject to the over-allotment option) took place on June 2, 2020 (“Settlement”). 
Prior to Settlement, we exchanged our 26.4 % ownership interest in JDE for a 26.5 % equity interest in JDE Peet’s. We did not invest new capital in connection with the transaction and the exchange was accounted for as a change in interest transaction. Upon Settlement, we sold approximately 9.7 million of our ordinary shares in JDE Peet’s in the offering for gross proceeds of € 304 million ($ 343 million). We subsequently sold approximately 1.4 million additional shares and received gross proceeds of € 46 million ($ 51 million) upon exercise of the over-allotment option. Following Settlement and the exercise of the over-allotment option, we held a 22.9 % equity interest in JDE Peet’s. During the second quarter of 2020, we recorded a preliminary gain of $ 121 million, net of $ 33 million released from accumulated other comprehensive losses, and $ 48 million of transaction costs. During the third quarter of 2020, we increased our preliminary gain by $ 10 million to $ 131 million. 
As we continue to have significant influence, we continue to account for our investment in JDE Peet’s under the equity method, resulting in recognizing our share of their earnings within our earnings and our share of their dividends within our cash flows. We continue to have board representation with two directors on the JDE Peet's Board of Directors and have retained certain additional governance rights.
