WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Eligible employees may contribute a portion of their compensation to the plans, which may be subject to certain statutory limitations. For these plans, the Company also makes contributions including discretionary contributions, subject to plan provisions, which vest immediately. The Company made total contributions of $41 million , $30 million  and $29 million  during 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively. The Company's contributions were recorded in cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
Employees of TVN and their subsidiaries are covered by state managed defined contribution plans. The Company made total contributions of $3 million  in 2018 . The Company's contributions were recorded in cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
The Company’s savings plans also include a deferred compensation plan through which members of the Company’s executive team in the U.S. may elect to defer a portion of their eligible compensation. The amounts deferred are invested in various mutual funds at the direction of the executive, which are used to finance payment of the deferred compensation obligation. Distributions from the deferred compensation plan are made upon termination or other events as specified in the plan. The Company has established separate rabbi trusts to hold the investments that finance the deferred compensation obligation. The accounts of the separate rabbi trusts are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The investments are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other noncurrent assets. The deferred compensation obligation is included in accrued liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The values of the investments and deferred compensation obligation are recorded at fair value. Changes in the fair value of the investments are offset by changes in the fair value of the deferred compensation obligation and are recorded in earnings as a component of other (expense) income, net, on the consolidated statements of operations. (See Note 5.)

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s self-insurance workers' compensation process. This included controls related to the development and selection of the assumptions listed above used in the actuarial calculation and review of the actuarial report. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
• Evaluating the above listed assumptions underlying the Company’s actuarial estimates by developing an independent expectation of the self-insurance workers' compensation liabilities and comparing them to the amounts recorded by the Company 
We have audited Costco Wholesale Corporation and subsidiaries ’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
PDH 2 is expected to have the capacity to upgrade 35 MBPD of propane into 1.65 billion pounds per year (equivalent to 25 MBPD) of PGP and begin service in the second quarter of 2023. Once PDH 2 is placed into service and integrated with PDH 1 and our other propylene production facilities, we will have the capability to produce 11 billion pounds of propylene per year.
Polymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS Chemical, a division of IHS Inc. (“IHS Chemical”). Refinery grade propylene (“RGP”) prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS Chemical.
The “Indicative Gas Processing Gross Spread” represents our generic estimate of the gross economic benefit from extracting NGLs from natural gas production based on certain pricing assumptions. Specifically, it is the amount by which the assumed economic value of a composite gallon of NGLs at Mont Belvieu, Texas exceeds the value of the equivalent amount of energy in natural gas at Henry Hub, Louisiana. Our estimate of the indicative spread does not consider the operating costs incurred by a natural gas processing facility to extract the NGLs nor the transportation and fractionation costs to deliver the NGLs to market. In addition, the actual gas processing spread earned at each plant is determined by regional pricing and extraction dynamics.
