ALLSTATE CORP report:
If the Company has not made the decision to sell the fixed income security and it is not more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the fixed income security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the Company evaluates whether it expects to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. The Company calculates the estimated recovery value by discounting the best estimate of future cash flows at the security’s original or current effective rate, as appropriate, and compares this to the amortized cost of the security. If the Company does not expect to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the fixed income security, the credit loss component of the impairment is recorded in earnings, with the 
The Company’s portfolio monitoring process includes a quarterly review of all securities to identify instances where the fair value of a security compared to its amortized cost is below established thresholds. The process also includes the monitoring of other impairment indicators such as ratings, ratings downgrades and payment defaults. The securities identified, in addition to other securities for which the Company may have a concern, are evaluated for potential OTTI using all reasonably available information relevant to the collectability or recovery of the security. Inherent in the Company’s evaluation of OTTI for these securities are assumptions and estimates about the financial condition and future earnings potential of the issue or issuer. Some of the factors that may be considered in evaluating whether a decline in fair value is other than temporary are: 1) the financial condition, near-term and long-term prospects of the issue or issuer, including relevant industry specific market conditions and trends, geographic location and implications of rating agency actions and offering prices; 2) the specific reasons that a security is in an unrealized loss position, including overall market conditions which could affect liquidity; and 3) the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than amortized cost. 
As of December 31, 2018 , $902 million  of the $957 million  unrealized losses are related to securities with an unrealized loss position less than 20%  of amortized cost, the degree of which suggests that these securities do not pose a high risk of being other-than-temporarily impaired. Of the $902 million , $673 million  are related to unrealized losses on investment grade fixed income securities. Of the remaining $229 million , $207 million  have been in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months. Investment grade is defined as a security having a rating of Aaa, Aa, A or Baa from Moody’s, a rating of AAA, AA, A or BBB from S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”), a comparable rating from another nationally recognized rating agency, or a comparable internal rating if an externally provided rating is not available. Market prices for certain securities may have credit spreads which imply higher or lower credit quality than the current third party rating. Unrealized losses on investment grade securities are principally related to an increase in market yields which may include increased risk-free interest rates and/or wider credit spreads since the time of initial purchase. The

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In June 2015, we completed our acquisition of AOL Inc. (AOL), a leader in digital content and advertising. AOL’s business model aligns with our approach, and we believe that its combination of owned and operated content properties plus a digital advertising platform enhances our ability to further develop future revenue streams. 
In June 2017, we completed our acquisition of the operating business of Yahoo! Inc. (Yahoo), a leader in search, communications, digital content and advertising. Additional discussion of the transaction is included in the 2018  Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report. 
We have established relationships with leading sports leagues to bring compelling content to our customers across our digital platforms. In December 2017, we entered into a multi-year partnership with the National Football League (NFL) in which Verizon’s portfolio of premium digital and mobile media properties, such as Yahoo Sports, stream in-market and national games, including national pre-season, regular season and playoff games, and the Super Bowl, to mobile phones. In January 2018, we entered into an innovative, multi-year partnership with the National Basketball Association (NBA) that will deliver one of the most comprehensive video streaming offerings of NBA content - from live out-of-market games via NBA League Pass to highlights, fantasy basketball, original programming and more via Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Fantasy and across Verizon’s family of media brands. As part of the partnership, the NBA and Verizon will unveil a series of innovative collaborations leveraging Verizon's leading network and technology to deliver premium NBA content and unique fan experiences. Verizon also has rights to deliver leading soccer games, including La Liga and Liga MX, to its customers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average 
dilutive common stock, including options, restricted stock units, warrants and the convertible senior notes. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards and convertible securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. 
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2020 reflects the impact of approximately 102 million shares issued in relation to the acquisitions of Tableau and ClickSoftware in the third quarter fiscal 2020.
