VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Display advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage proprietary data signals to identify and engage users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through Verizon Media Ad Platform, we provide customers the ability to buy advertising inventory, measure campaigns across screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services. We also provide publishers with the ability to monetize their ad inventory. 
Ecommerce. Our Ecommerce offering includes different types of business models, including facilitating transactions between businesses and consumers, enabling businesses that facilitate transactions for other businesses, and facilitating transactions between consumers. 
Subscription memberships. Our paid subscription offerings include premium content and services across our mail, news, finance, sports and entertainment properties, privacy and security solutions and computer protection.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our exposure to liability for asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims losses manifests differently depending on whether it arises from assumed reinsurance coverage, direct excess commercial insurance or direct primary commercial insurance. 
Direct excess commercial insurance and reinsurance involve coverage written by us for specific layers of protection above retentions and other insurance plans and largely has resulted in asbestos, environmental and mass tort claims. The nature of excess coverage and reinsurance provided to other insurers limits our exposure to loss to specific layers of protection in excess of policyholder retention on their primary insurance plans. Our exposure is further limited by the significant reinsurance that we had purchased on our direct excess business. 
Our assumed reinsurance business involved writing generally small participations in other insurers’ reinsurance programs. The reinsured losses in which we participate may be a proportion of all eligible losses or eligible losses in excess of defined retentions. Of the majority of our assumed reinsurance exposure, approximately 85%, is for excess of loss coverage, while the remaining 15% is for pro-rata coverage.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our typical subscription contract term is 12 to 36 months, although terms range from one to 60 months, so during any fiscal reporting period only a subset of active subscription contracts is eligible for renewal. We calculate our attrition rate as of the end of each month. Our attrition rate, including the Marketing Cloud service offering but excluding our Commerce Cloud service offering and integration service offering, was less than ten percent as of January 31, 2019 . While it is difficult to predict, we expect our attrition rate to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. 
We expect marketing and sales costs, which were 46 percent , 44 percent  and 45 percent  of total revenues for fiscal 2019 , 2018 and 2017, respectively, to continue to represent a substantial portion of total revenues in the future as we seek to grow our customer base, sell more products to existing customers, and continue to build greater brand awareness. 
During the year, we acquired MuleSoft, an industry-leading integration platform, to provide our customers the ability to integrate data across platforms. The financial results of MuleSoft are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The total purchase price for MuleSoft was approximately $6.4 billion .
