SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple performance obligations such as Cloud Services, software licenses, support and updates and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are concluded to be distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services, software licenses and support and updates services are generally concluded to be distinct because such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, the Company considers the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, the Company has concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct. 
The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative SSP basis. The SSP is the price at which the Company would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Corporation has access to a universal shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that expires in 2021. We can use this shelf registration to issue an unspecified amount of debt securities, common stock (including 581 million shares of treasury stock as of December 31, 2019 ), preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts, stock purchase units and securities of trust subsidiaries. The specific terms of any securities we issue under this registration statement will be provided in the applicable prospectus supplements. 
$369 million of the contracts with market value adjusted surrenders have a 30-45 day period at the end of their initial and subsequent interest rate guarantee periods (which are typically 1, 5, 7 or 10 years) during which there is no surrender charge or market value adjustment. $168 million of these contracts have their 30-45 day window period in 2020. 
 Retail life and annuity products may be surrendered by customers for a variety of reasons. Reasons unique to individual customers include a current or unexpected need for cash or a change in life insurance coverage needs. Other key factors that may impact the likelihood of customer surrender include the level of the contract surrender charge, the length of time the contract has been in force, distribution channel, market interest rates, equity market conditions and potential tax implications.

BOEING CO report:
BCC seeks to ensure that Boeing customers have the financing they need to buy and take delivery of their Boeing product, while managing overall financing exposure. BCC’s portfolio consists of equipment under operating leases, sales-type/finance leases, notes and other receivables, assets held for sale or re-lease and investments. 
We own numerous patents and have licenses for the use of patents owned by others, which relate to our products and their manufacture. In addition to owning a large portfolio of intellectual property, we also license intellectual property to and from third parties. For example, the U.S. government has licenses in our patents that are developed in performance of government contracts, and it may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by such patents for government purposes. Unpatented research, development and engineering skills, as well as certain trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, also make an important contribution to our business. While our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to the operation of each of our businesses, we do not believe that our business would be materially affected by the expiration of any particular intellectual property right or termination of any particular intellectual property patent license agreement. 
The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact lives and businesses around the world. We have taken proactive steps to help protect the health and safety of our employees and maintain business continuity. As COVID-19 vaccines became available, we strongly encouraged employees to get vaccinated when eligible, followed federal and state government vaccination requirements, provided resources and support to help employees get vaccinated, offered paid time off for primary and booster vaccinations, and supported vaccination clinics for our employees and their families. We provided access to virtual primary care physicians at no cost. We expanded our virtual work options and many of our office workers continue to telecommute. We have maintained safety protocols at our sites, including face coverings, physical distance requirements and enhanced cleaning requirements. We continue to encourage daily self-health checks and operate our coronavirus hotline, which enables employees to report exposure to COVID-19 and positive COVID-19 test results directly to our Health Services group. As part of that reporting process, we have a robust contact tracing program to identify those who have been in close contact in the workplace with employees who have tested positive for COVID-19. All of the actions above are overseen by Boeing’s Crisis Management Working Group, a multi-functional, multi-discipline team tasked with integrating all aspects of Boeing’s COVID-19 response.
