ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $ 39 million in 2018 and $ 109 million in 2017. These tax benefits primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to AbbVie’s operations for years prior to the separation. Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), which was formed to hold Abbott’s research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business, in January 2013. Abbott has retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to AbbVie’s business. AbbVie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business.
In September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for $ 4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $ 1.163 billion including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $ 728 million in 2017 related to the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. For 2017, the AMO loss before taxes included in Abbott’s consolidated earnings was $ 18 million.
Other (income) expense, net, for 2019, 2018 and 2017 includes approximately $ 225 million, $ 160 million and $ 160 million of income, respectively, related to the non-service cost components of the net periodic benefit costs associated with the pension and post-retirement medical plans. Other (income) expense, net, for 2017 includes a pre-tax gain of $ 1.163 billion related to the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson. In 2017, Abbott recorded a $ 45 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of the Mylan N.V. ordinary shares. See Note 4 — Discontinued Operations and Business Dispositions for further discussion of these 2017 sales.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As discussed in Note 11 to the financial statements, the Company changed its international corporate structure in the year ended January 31, 2021, which included the transfer of certain intangible property to Ireland resulting in a net tax benefit of $2.0 billion related to foreign deferred tax assets. The determination of the estimated fair value of the intangible property is complex and judgmental due to the use of subjective assumptions in the valuation models used by management. The estimated fair value serves as the tax basis of the deferred tax asset. 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management’s development of the assumptions used in the valuation models applied in determining the fair value of the intangible property. 
To test the estimated fair value of the intangible property, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions used in the valuation models, including validating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the assumptions and estimates. We compared the more sensitive significant assumptions used by management to current industry and competitor data and the Company’s own historical results. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management’s own forecasts. In addition, we involved our valuation specialists and tax professionals to assist in our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and the significant assumptions underlying the fair value estimates.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
On May 31, 2019, an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of $ 367 million was terminated, and the Company received cash proceeds of $ 1 million, the fair value of the interest rate swap on the termination date. The proceeds were recorded as cash provided by operating activities in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The $ 1 million gain from the termination of the interest rate swap agreement was reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss and will be amortized to interest expense through July 31, 2021, the remaining term of the original interest rate swap agreement. 
After giving effect to the termination of the interest rate swap agreement, the remaining interest rate swap agreements collectively have a notional value of $ 550 million, which was reduced from $ 733 million on July 31, 2020. The Company pays an aggregate effective rate of 3.45 % on the notional amount of the Initial Term Loan Facility covered by the interest rate swap agreements, comprised of a rate of 1.70 % plus a spread of 1.75 % (see Note 13, Debt). 
The Company records its interest rate swaps in its Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value, based on projections of cash flows and future interest rates. The determination of fair value includes the consideration of any credit valuation adjustments necessary, giving consideration to the creditworthiness of the respective counterparties and the Company. The following table presents t he balance sheet location and fair value of the interest rate swaps as of January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019 :
