WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Investments in equity method investees are those for which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence but does not control and is not the primary beneficiary. Impairment losses due to a change in value that are considered other-than-temporary were not material for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, and are reflected as a component of loss from equity investees, net on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
With the exception of nC+, the carrying values of the Company’s equity method investments are consistent with its claim in the underlying net assets of the investees. A portion of the Scripps Networks purchase price associated with the investment in nC+ was attributed to amortizable intangible assets. This basis difference is included in the carrying value of nC+ and is amortized over time as a reduction of earnings from nC+. Earnings from nC+ were reduced by the amortization of these intangibles of $ 10 million, $ 10 million, and $ 9 million during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Amortization that reduces the Company's equity in earnings of nC+ for future periods is expected to be $ 36 million. 
Certain of the Company's other equity method investments are VIEs, for which the Company is not the primary beneficiary. As of December 31, 2021, the Company’s maximum exposure for all its unconsolidated VIEs, including the investment carrying values and unfunded contractual commitments made on behalf of VIEs, was approximately $ 196 million. The Company's maximum estimated exposure excludes the non-contractual future funding of VIEs. The aggregate carrying values of these VIE investments were $ 126 million as of December 31, 2021 and $ 123 million as of December 31, 2020. The Company recognized its portion of VIE operating results with net losses of $ 35 million, $ 91 million, and $ 14 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, in loss from equity investees, net on the consolidated statements of operations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to higher amounts of net long-term debt repayments, higher share repurchases and higher dividends paid in 2021 than in 2020. The decrease in net cash used in financing activities in 2020 relative to 2019 was primarily due to higher net debt issuances and lower share repurchases, partially offset by higher dividends paid and lower proceeds from stock option exercises in 2020. 
On January 3, 2022, we closed on our acquisition of Chipita S.A. The cash consideration for Chipita totaled €1.3 billion ($1.5 billion) and we assumed and substantially paid down €0.4 billion ($0.4 billion) of Chipita's debt in January for a total purchase price of approximately €1.7 billion ($1.9 billion). Cash paid for the business was raised from cash from operations and by issuing long-term debt in the third quarter of 2021. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , and Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , for additional details. 
As part of our continued efforts to improve our working capital efficiency, we have worked with our suppliers over the past several years to optimize our terms and conditions, which include the extension of payment terms. Our current payment terms with a majority of our suppliers are from 30 to 180 days, which we deem to be commercially reasonable. We also facilitate voluntary supply chain financing (“SCF”) programs through several participating financial institutions. Under these programs, our suppliers, at their sole discretion, determine invoices that they want to sell to participating financial institutions. Our suppliers’ voluntary inclusion of invoices in SCF programs has no bearing on our payment terms or amounts due. Our responsibility is limited to making payments based upon the agreed-upon contractual terms. No guarantees are provided by the Company or any of our subsidiaries under the SCF programs and we have no economic interest in the suppliers’ decision to participate in the SCF programs. Amounts due to our suppliers that elected to participate in the SCF program are included in accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheet. We have been informed by the participating financial institutions that as of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, $2.5 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively, of our accounts payable to suppliers that participate in the SCF programs are outstanding.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Federal agencies also have begun directly regulating GHG emissions, such as methane, from oil and natural gas operations. In June 2016, the EPA published New Source Performance Standards (“NSPS”), known as Subpart OOOOa, that require certain new, modified or reconstructed facilities in the oil and natural gas sector to reduce these methane gas and volatile organic compound (“VOC”) emissions. These Subpart OOOOa standards expand previously issued NSPS published by the EPA in 2012 and known as Subpart OOOO, by using certain equipment-specific emissions control practices, requiring additional controls for pneumatic controllers and pumps as well as compressors, and imposing leak detection and repair requirements for natural gas compressor and booster stations. In September 2020, the EPA removed natural gas transmission and storage operations from this sector and rescinded the methane-specific requirements of the rule for production and processing facilities. However, Congress passed, and President Biden signed into law, a revocation of the 2020 rulemaking, effectively reinstating the 2016 standards. Additionally, in November 2021, the EPA issued a proposed rule that, if finalized, would establish OOOOb new source and OOOOc first-time existing source standards of performance for GHG and VOC emissions for the crude oil and natural gas well sites, natural gas gathering and boosting compressor stations, natural gas processing plants, and transmission and storage facilities. Owners or operators of affected emission units or processes would have to comply with specific standards of performance that may include leak detection using optical gas imaging and subsequent repair requirements, reduction of emissions by 95% through capture and control systems, zero-emission requirements, operations and maintenance requirements, and so-called “green well” completion requirements. The EPA plans to issue a supplemental proposal enhancing this proposed rulemaking in 2022 that will contain proposed rule text, which was not included in the November 2021 proposed rule, and anticipates issuing a final rule by the end of 2022. GHG emission standards, including methane emissions imposed on the oil and gas sector, could result in increased costs to our operations as well as result in delays or curtailment in such operations, which costs, delays or curtailment could adversely affect our business. Several states have also adopted, or are considering adopting, regulations related to GHG emissions, some of which are more stringent than those implemented by the federal government. 
At the international level, in December 2015, the United States joined the international community at the 21st Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris, France in signing the “Paris Agreement,” a treaty that requires member countries to submit individually-determined, non-binding emission reduction goals every five years beginning in 2020. Although the United States withdrew from the Paris Agreement under the Trump administration, President Biden recommitted the United States in February 2021, and, in April 2021, announced a new, more rigorous nationally determined emissions reduction level of 50-52% reduction from 2005 levels in economy-wide net GHG emissions by 2030. The international community gathered again in Glasgow in November 2021 at the 26th Conference to the Parties (“COP26”) during which multiple announcements were made, including a call for parties to eliminate fossil fuel subsidies, amongst other measures. Relatedly, the United States and European Union jointly announced at COP26 the launch of the Global Methane Pledge, an initiative committing to a collective goal of reducing global methane emissions by at least 30% from 2020 levels by 2030, including “all feasible reductions” in the energy sector. 
President Biden’s January 2021 climate change executive order directed the Secretary of the Interior to pause new oil and natural gas leasing on public lands or in offshore waters pending completion of a comprehensive review of the federal permitting and leasing practices, consider whether to adjust royalties associated with coal, oil, and gas resources extracted from public lands and offshore waters, or take other appropriate action, to account for corresponding climate costs. The executive order also directed the federal government to identify “fossil fuel subsidies” to take steps to ensure that, to the extent consistent with applicable law, federal funding is not directly subsidizing fossil fuels. As noted above, a separate executive order issued in January 2021 established a Working Group that is called on to, among other things, develop methodologies for calculating the “social cost of carbon,” “social cost of nitrous oxide” and “social cost of methane.” During 2021, the Working Group published interim estimates of the social costs of carbon, methane, and nitrous oxide and sought public comment on these estimates. The Working Group has not yet published its final recommendations.
