ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Isobutane Dehydrogenation Unit. In December 2019, we completed construction and placed our iBDH unit into service. The facility, which is located at our Mont Belvieu complex and supported by long-term, fee-based contracts, is capable of processing approximately 25 MBPD of butane into nearly 1 billion pounds per year of isobutylene. Production from the iBDH plant enables us to optimize our MTBE and high purity isobutylene assets and meet growing market demand for isobutylene.
Steam crackers and refineries have historically been the major source of propane and butane olefins for downstream use; however, with the increased use of light-end feedstocks such as ethane, the need for “on purpose” olefins production has increased. Like our PDH facility, the iBDH plant will help meet market demand where traditional supplies have been reduced. The iBDH plant will increase our production of high purity and low purity isobutylene, both of which are used as feedstocks to manufacture lubricants, rubber products and fuel additives.
Refined products pipelines . We own and operate the TE Products Pipeline , which is a 3,247-mile pipeline system comprised of 2,922 miles of regulated interstate pipelines and 325 miles of unregulated intrastate Texas pipelines. The system primarily transports refined products from the upper Texas Gulf Coast to Seymour, Indiana. From Seymour, segments of the TE Products Pipeline extend to Chicago, Illinois; Lima, Ohio; Selkirk, New York; and a location near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. East of Seymour, Indiana, the TE Products Pipeline is primarily dedicated to NGL transportation service. The refined products transported by the TE Products Pipeline are produced by refineries and include motor gasoline and distillates.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In 2019, the 2.4 percent decline in Neuromodulation sales, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, reflects a 4.2 percent decline in U.S. sales. In 2018, the growth in Neuromodulation reflects higher revenue for various products for the treatment of chronic pain and movement disorders.
Abbott has periodically sold product rights to non-strategic products and has recorded the related gains in net sales in accordance with Abbott’s revenue recognition policies as discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Related net sales were not significant in 2019, 2018 and 2017.
The expiration of licenses and patent protection can affect the future revenues and operating income of Abbott. There are no significant patent or license expirations in the next three years that are expected to materially affect Abbott.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business. It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of fluctuations of foreign exchange on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company’s international subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. Some of these contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features that require settlement of outstanding contracts upon certain triggering events. There were no derivative instruments in a net liability position at the end of 2021 and for those in a net liability position at the end of 2020, the amount needed to settle the instruments immediately if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered was immaterial. The aggregate notional amounts of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were $ 1,331 and $ 1,036 at the end of 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 4 for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts at the end of 2021 and 2020. 
The unrealized gains or losses recognized in interest income and other, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income relating to the net changes in the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were immaterial in 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
The Company is exposed to fluctuations in prices for energy, particularly electricity and natural gas, and other commodity products used in retail and manufacturing operations, which it seeks to partially mitigate through the use of fixed-price contracts for certain of its warehouses and other facilities, primarily in the U.S. and Canada. The Company also enters into variable-priced contracts for some purchases of natural gas, in addition to fuel for its gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet the characteristics of
