BOEING CO report:
Our audit procedures related to the cost estimates for the KC-46A Tanker, Commercial Crew, United States Air Force VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, T-7A Redhawk, and MQ-25 fixed-price development contracts included the following, among others: 
• We evaluated the reasonableness of judgments made and significant assumptions used by management relating to key cost and schedule estimates, including the effects of supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, and inflationary pressures. We also evaluated the ranges and probabilities of reasonably possible outcomes, and where management set its point estimate within the range. 
• We evaluated the appropriateness of the timing of changes to key estimates, including evaluating the timeline of key events and knowledge points that led to management’s determination that a change in estimate was necessary.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
At December 31, 2021, we had 6,899,683 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of $690 million. Each convertible perpetual preference share has an initial liquidation preference of $100, per share plus accumulated unpaid dividends up to a maximum of an additional $25 per share. The convertible perpetual preference shares carry an annual dividend of $4.875 per share payable quarterly. As a result of adjustments made to the initial conversion price because cash dividends paid on Bunge Limited's common shares exceeded certain specified thresholds, each convertible perpetual preference share is convertible, at the holder's option, at any time into 1.2799 Bunge Limited common shares, based on the conversion price of $78.1322 per share, subject to certain additional anti-dilution adjustments (which represents 8,830,904 Bunge Limited common shares at December 31, 2021). At any time, if the closing price of our common shares equals or exceeds 130% of the conversion price for 20 trading days during any consecutive 30 trading days (including the last trading day of such period), we may elect to cause the convertible perpetual preference 
Share repurchase program - In May 2015, we established a program for the repurchase of up to $500 million of our issued and outstanding common shares. The program has no expiration date. Bunge repurchased 1,298,384 common shares under this program during the year ended December 31, 2021, for $100 million, and 2,546,000 common shares under this program during the year ended December 31, 2020, for $100 million. Total repurchases under the program from its inception in May 2015 through December 31, 2021 were 8,551,824 shares for $500 million. 
During October 2021, our Board of Directors approved a new program for the repurchase of up to $500 million of our issued and outstanding common shares. The program has no expiration date, and there have been no repurchases under this program as of December 31, 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth levers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs 
upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. As a result, we have seen that customers with many of these characteristics drive higher annual revenues and have lower attrition rates than our company average. 
In addition to our focus on top line growth levers, we are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our operating margin. For example, in January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan (the “Plan”) intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins, and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth. The Plan includes a reduction of our workforce by approximately 10 percent and select real estate exits and office space reductions within certain markets. We expect to see improvements in our operating expenses across all operating categories, with the most opportunity in sales and marketing expense and general and administrative expenses. We plan to continue to grow and innovate our business and service offerings and expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry.
