ALLSTATE CORP report:
In the event of dissolution, policyholders would share any residual unassigned surplus but are not subject to assessment for any deficit in unassigned surplus of the Reciprocal Exchanges. The assets of the Reciprocal Exchanges can be used only to settle the obligations of the Reciprocal Exchanges and general creditors have no recourse to the Company. The results of operations of the Reciprocal Exchanges are included in the Company’s Allstate Protection segment and generated $ 181 million of earned premiums and $ 135 million in claims and claims expenses in 2021. 
($ in millions) December 31, 2021 Assets Fixed income securities $ 324   Short-term investments 30   Deferred policy acquisition costs 15   Premium installment and other receivables, net 42   Reinsurance recoverables, net 114   Other assets 82   Total assets 607   Liabilities Reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense 226   Unearned premiums 175   Other liabilities and expenses 265   Total liabilities $ 666    
The Company establishes reserves for claims and claims expense on reported and unreported claims of insured losses. The Company’s reserving process takes into account known facts and interpretations of circumstances and factors including the Company’s experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment patterns and pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix and contractual terms, changes

SALESFORCE INC report:
The terms of the lease agreements provide for rental payments on a graduated basis. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease period and has accrued for rent expense incurred but not paid. Of the total operating lease commitment balance of $4.2 billion , approximately $3.5 billion  is related to facilities space. The remaining commitment amount is related to computer equipment and furniture and fixtures. 
The Company has entered into various contractual commitments with infrastructure service providers for a total commitment of $2.0 billion . The Company paid $156 million  in connection with these agreements during fiscal 2019. As of January 31, 2019  the total remaining commitment is approximately $1.8 billion  and $264 million  is due in the next fiscal year. 
The Company has a 401(k) plan covering all eligible employees in the United States and a Registered Retirement Savings plan covering all eligible employees in Canada. Since January 1, 2006, the Company has been contributing to the plans. Total Company contributions during fiscal 2019 , 2018  and 2017 , were $106 million , $93 million  and $56 million , respectively.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Under our quantitative assessment, the fair value of the reporting unit is calculated using a market approach and a discounted cash flow method, as a form of the income approach. The market approach includes the use of comparative multiples to corroborate discounted cash flow results. The discounted cash flow method is based on the present value of two components-projected cash flows and a terminal value. The terminal value represents the expected normalized future cash flows of the reporting unit beyond the cash flows from the discrete projection period. The fair value of the reporting unit is calculated based on the sum of the present value of the cash flows from the discrete period and the present value of the terminal value. The discount rate represented our estimate of the weighted-average cost of capital (WACC), or expected return, that a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date. The application of our goodwill impairment test required key assumptions underlying our valuation model. The discounted cash flow analysis factored in assumptions on discount rates and terminal growth rates to reflect risk profiles of key strategic revenue and cost initiatives, as well as revenue and EBITDA growth relative to history and market trends and expectations. The market multiples approach incorporated significant judgment involved in the selection comparable public company multiples and benchmarks. The selection of companies was influenced by differences in growth and profitability, and volatility in market prices of peer companies. These valuation inputs are inherently judgmental, and an adverse change in one or a combination of these inputs could trigger a goodwill impairment loss in the future. 
A projected sustained decline in a reporting unit's revenues and earnings could have a significant negative impact on its fair value and may result in impairment charges. Such a decline could be driven by, among other things: (1) more than anticipated increase in promotional activity, decreases in sales volumes or long-term growth rate as a result of competitive pressures or other factors; or (2) the inability to achieve or delays in achieving the goals in strategic initiatives. Also, adverse changes to macroeconomic factors, such as increases to long-term interest rates, would also negatively impact the fair value of the reporting unit. 
At December 31, 2021, the balance of our goodwill was approximately $28.6 billion, of which $21.0 billion was in our Consumer reporting unit and $7.5 billion was in our Business reporting unit. At the goodwill impairment measurement date of October 31, 2021, our quantitative assessments indicate that the fair values for our Consumer and Business reporting units are substantially in excess of their carrying values and therefore did not result in an impairment. In the event of a 10% decline in the fair value of any of our reporting units, the fair value of each of our reporting units would have still exceeded their book values. We do not anticipate reasonable changes in significant estimates to change the outcomes to these quantitative impairment assessments. For instance, if either the terminal value growth rate declined by 50 bps, or if the WACC increased by 50 bps, the fair values of our reporting units would still exceed their respective carrying values.
