ALLSTATE CORP report:
To develop a statistical indication of potential reserve variability within reasonably likely possible outcomes, an actuarial technique (stochastic modeling) is applied to the countrywide consolidated data elements for paid losses and paid losses combined with case reserves separately for injury losses, auto physical damage losses, and homeowners losses excluding catastrophe losses. Based on the combined historical variability of the development factors calculated for these data elements, an estimate of the standard error or standard deviation around these reserve estimates is calculated within each accident year for the last twelve years for each type of loss. The variability of these reserve estimates within one standard deviation of the mean (a measure of frequency of dispersion often viewed to be an acceptable level of accuracy) is believed by management to represent a reasonable and statistically probable measure of potential variability. Based on our products and coverages, historical experience, the statistical credibility of our extensive data and stochastic modeling of actuarial chain ladder methodologies used to develop reserve estimates, we estimate that the potential variability of our Allstate Protection reserves, excluding reserves for catastrophe losses, within a reasonable possibility of other outcomes, may be approximately plus or minus 5.5%, or plus or minus $1.4 billion in net income applicable to common shareholders. Although this evaluation reflects most reasonably likely outcomes, it is possible the final outcome may fall below or above these amounts. Historical variability of reserve estimates is reported in the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves section of the MD&A. 
The Company regularly updates its reserve estimates as new information becomes available and as events unfold that may affect the resolution of unsettled claims. Changes in reserve estimates, which may be material, are reported in property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period such changes are determined. Management believes that the reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense, net of recoverables, is appropriately established in the aggregate and adequate to cover the ultimate net cost of reported and unreported claims arising from losses which had occurred by the date of the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position based on available facts, laws and regulations. 
Reserves for Michigan and New Jersey unlimited personal injury protection Claims and claims expense reserves include reserves for Michigan mandatory unlimited personal injury protection coverage to insureds involved in qualifying motor vehicle accidents. The administration of this program is through the MCCA, a state-mandated, non-profit association of which all insurers actively writing automobile coverage in Michigan are members.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Total Accounts receivable $ 13,287   $ 4,872   $ 6,583   $ 24,742   Less Allowance for credit losses 504   130   262   896   Accounts receivable, net of allowance $ 12,783   $ 4,742   $ 6,321   $ 23,846   
Under the Verizon device payment program, our eligible wireless customers purchase wireless devices under a device payment plan agreement. Customers that activate service on devices purchased under the device payment program pay lower service fees as compared to those under our fixed-term service plans, and their device payment plan charge is included on their wireless monthly bill. We no longer offer Consumer customers new fixed-term, subsidized service plans for devices; however, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program. 
 (dollars in millions) At December 31, 2021 2020 Device payment plan agreement receivables, gross $ 21,303   $ 17,959   Unamortized imputed interest ( 358 ) ( 453 ) Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost 20,945   17,506

SALESFORCE INC report:
For more information regarding legal proceedings, such as the Tableau shareholder derivative action, see Note 14 “Legal Proceedings and Claims” to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason. 
The following section generally discusses fiscal 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2021 and 2020, as well as certain fiscal 2019 items. Discussions of fiscal 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020.
