WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Equity investments without readily determinable fair values include ownership rights that either (i) do not meet the definition of in-substance common stock or (ii) do not provide the Company with control or significant influence and these investments do not have readily determinable fair values. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are recorded at cost and adjusted for subsequent observable price changes as of the date that an observable transaction takes place. Adjustments for observable price changes are recorded in other income (expense), net. (See Note 10 and Note 18.) 
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairments. Internal use software costs are capitalized during the application development stage; software costs incurred during the preliminary project and post implementation stages are expensed as incurred. Repairs and maintenance expenditures that do not enhance the use or extend the life of property and equipment are expensed as incurred. Depreciation for most property and equipment is recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. (See Note 18.) 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at its inception. Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets are included in other noncurrent assets. Finance lease ROU assets are included in property and equipment, net. Operating and finance lease liabilities are included in accrued liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”), which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect a number of amounts in our consolidated financial statements. Significant accounting policy elections, estimates and assumptions include, among others, pension and benefit plan assumptions, valuation assumptions of goodwill and intangible assets, useful lives of long-lived assets, restructuring program liabilities, marketing program accruals, insurance and self-insurance reserves and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable. If actual amounts differ from estimates, we include the revisions in our consolidated results of operations in the period the actual amounts become known. Historically, the aggregate differences, if any, between our estimates and actual amounts in any year have not had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
On October 1, 2016, we integrated our Eastern Europe, Middle East, and Africa (“EEMEA”) operating segment into our Europe and Asia Pacific operating segments to further leverage and optimize the operating scale built within the Europe and Asia Pacific regions. Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Belarus, Georgia and Kazakhstan were combined within our Europe region, while the remaining Middle East and African countries were combined within our Asia Pacific region to form a new Asia, Middle East and Africa (“AMEA”) operating segment. We have reflected the segment change as if it had occurred in all periods presented. 
We translate the results of operations of our subsidiaries from multiple currencies using average exchange rates during each period and translate balance sheet accounts using exchange rates at the end of each period. We record currency translation adjustments as a component of equity (except for highly inflationary currencies) and realized exchange gains and losses on transactions in earnings.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
(1)   Volume for derivatives designated as hedging instruments reflects the total amount of volumes hedged whereas volume for derivatives not designated as hedging instruments reflects the absolute value of derivative notional volumes. 
(2)   The maximum term for derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, derivatives designated as fair value hedges and derivatives not designated as hedging instruments is December 2020, June 2019 and December 2020, respectively. 
(3)   Current volume includes 29.8 Bcf of physical derivative instruments that are predominantly priced at a marked-based index plus a premium or minus a discount related to location differences.
