WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For films and television programs predominantly monetized individually, the amount of capitalized film and television production costs (net of incentives) amortized and the amount of participations and residuals to be recognized as expense in a particular period are determined using the individual film forecast method. Under this method, the amortization of capitalized costs and the accrual of participations and residuals are based on the proportion of the film’s or television program’s revenues recognized for such period to the film’s or television program’s estimated remaining ultimate revenues (i.e., the total revenue to be received throughout a film’s or television program’s remaining life cycle). 
The process of estimating ultimate revenues requires us to make a series of judgments related to future revenue-generating activities associated with a particular film. Prior to the theatrical release of a film, the Company’s estimates are based on factors such as the historical performance of similar films, the star power of the lead actors, the rating and genre of the film, pre-release market research (including test market screenings), international distribution plans and the expected number of theaters in which the film will be released. Subsequent to release, ultimate revenues are updated to reflect initial performance, which is often predictive of future performance. For a film or television program that is predominantly monetized on its own but also monetized with other films and/or programs (such as the Company’s DTC or linear services), the Company makes a reasonable estimate of the value attributable to the film or program’s exploitation while monetized with other films/programs and expense such costs as the film or television program is exhibited. For theatrical films, the period over which ultimate revenues from all applicable sources and exhibition windows are estimated does not exceed 10 years from the date of the film’s initial release. For television programs, the ultimate period does not exceed 10 years from delivery of the first episode, or, if still in production, five years from delivery of the most recent episode, if later. For games, the ultimate period does not exceed two years from the date of the game’s initial release. Ultimates for produced content monetized on an individual basis are reviewed and updated (as applicable) on a quarterly basis; any adjustments are applied prospectively as of the beginning of the fiscal year of the change. 
For programs monetized as a group, including licensed programming, the Company’s film groups are generally aligned along the Company’s networks and digital content offerings, except for certain international territories wherein content assets are shared across the various networks in the territory and therefore, the territory is the film group. Program costs, including licensed programming, that are predominantly monetized as a group are amortized based on projected usage, generally resulting in an accelerated or straight-line amortization pattern. Adjustments to projected usage are applied prospectively in the period of the change. Participations and residuals are generally expensed in line with the pattern of usage. Streaming content and premium pay-TV amortization for each period is recognized based on estimated viewing patterns as there are generally little to no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets. As such, number of views is most representative of the use of the title. Licensed rights to film and television programming are typically amortized over the useful life of the program’s license period on a straight-line basis (or per-play basis, if greater, for certain programming on the Company’s ad-supported networks), or accelerated basis for licensed original programs. The Company allocates the cost of multi-year sports programming arrangements over the contract period to each event or season based on its projected advertising revenue and an allocation of affiliate revenue (estimated relative value). If annual contractual payments related to each season approximate each season’s estimated relative value, the Company expenses the related contractual payments during the applicable season. Amortization of sports rights takes place when the content airs.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
an increase of $136 million in terminal services margin primarily due to a $171 million increase from the initiation of service of our Mariner East 2 pipeline which commenced operations in the fourth quarter of 2018 and a $7 million increase due to increased tank lease revenue from third-party customers. These increases were partially offset by a $16 million decrease in volumes and expense reimbursements from third parties on Mariner East 1, a $16 million decrease due to lower volumes from third party pipeline, truck and rail deliveries into our Marcus Hook terminal, a $5 million decrease due to fewer vessels exported out of our Nederland terminal, and a $4 million decrease due to the closure of a third party refinery during the third quarter of 2019; and 
a decrease of $30 million in marketing margin primarily due to capacity lease fees incurred by our marketing affiliate on our Mariner East 2 pipeline, offset by increased gains from our butane blending business due to more favorable market conditions and increased volumes, as well as increased optimization gains from the sale of NGL component products at our Mont Belvieu facility; 
an increase of $52 million in operating expenses primarily due to a $26 million increase in employee and ad valorem tax expenses on our terminals, fractionation, and transportation operations, a $14 million increase in utility costs to operate our pipelines and our fifth and sixth fractionators which commenced July 2018 and February 2019, respectively, and an $8 million increase in maintenance project costs due to the timing of multiple projects on our transportation assets; and

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from isomerization and related operations decreased a net $ 12.3 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average by-product sales prices, which accounted for a $ 21.9 million decrease, and lower isomerization volumes of 13 MBPD, which accounted for an additional $ 9.5 million decrease, partially offset by lower operating costs, which accounted for a $ 19.7 million increase. 
Gross operating margin from our octane enhancement and related plant operations decreased a net $ 4.3 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average sales margins, which accounted for a $ 23.4 million decrease, and higher operating costs, which accounted for an additional $13.5 million decrease, partially offset by higher sales volumes, which accounted for a $ 27.6 million increase. The increase in operating expenses is primarily due to our iBDH plant, which is integrated with our legacy octane enhancement and high purity isobutylene assets and was placed into service in December 2019. 
Gross operating margin from our TE Products Pipeline System and associated terminals decreased a combined $ 37.3 million year-to-year primarily due to lower interstate refined products transportation volumes, which accounted for a $ 12.5 million decrease, and lower NGL transportation volumes, which accounted for a $ 12.0 million decrease, higher operating costs, which accounted for a $3.8 million decrease, and lower average intrastate refined products transportation fees, which accounted for an additional $2.7 million decrease. Overall transportation volumes on our TE Products Pipeline System increased a net 34 MBPD year-to-year.
