SALESFORCE INC report:
The primary purpose of our investments is to create an ecosystem of enterprise cloud companies, accelerate the growth of technology startups and system integrators and create the next generation of AI, mobile applications and connected products. Therefore, we continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. Currently, three  of our six publicly held investments are subject to such a contractual obligation, which expire in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. 
Upon adoption of ASU 2016-01 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we are now required to record all fair value adjustments of our publicly traded and privately held equity investments through the statement of operations. As such we anticipate additional volatility to our statements of operations in future periods, due to changes in market prices of our investments in publicly held equity investments and the valuation and timing of observable price changes and impairments of our investments in privately held securities. These changes could be material based on market conditions and events. While historically our investment portfolio has had a positive impact on our financial results, that may not be true for future periods, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations that affect our strategic investments portfolio. 
In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of investment capital.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The Company files U.S. federal and state income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. Our 2007 through 2018 U.S. federal income tax years, and various state income tax years from 2000 through 2018, remain subject to income tax examinations by the relevant taxing authorities. Prior to 2007, the Company was owned by Royal Ahold N.V. (“Ahold”). Ahold indemnified the Company for 2007 pre-closing consolidated U.S. federal and certain combined state income taxes, and the Company is responsible for all other taxes, interest and penalties. 
 Purchase Commitments —The Company enters into purchase orders with vendors and other parties in the ordinary course of business and has a limited number of purchase contracts with certain vendors that require it to buy a predetermined volume of products. The Company had $ 916 million of purchase orders and purchase contract commitments as of December 28, 2019 to be purchased in fiscal year 2020 and $ 75 million of information technology commitments through May 2024 that are not recorded in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
To minimize fuel cost risk, the Company enters into forward purchase commitments for a portion of its projected diesel fuel requirements. The Company had diesel fuel forward purchase commitments totaling $ 96 million through April 2021, as of December 28, 2019 . Additionally, the Company had electricity forward purchase commitments totaling $ 5 million through December 2021, as of December 28, 2019 . The Company does not measure its forward purchase commitments for fuel and electricity at fair value, as the amounts under contract meet the physical delivery criteria in the normal purchase exception.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
​ 
Equities that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per month, with a required 7 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Fixed income securities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly, with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.
Absolute return funds and commodities are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Investments in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 90 days . For approximately $ 235 million and $ 100 million of the absolute return funds, redemptions are subject to a 33 percent gate and a 25 percent gate, respectively, and $ 45 million is subject to a lock until 2022. For commodities, investments in the private energy funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2020 to 2022. Abbott’s unfunded commitments in these funds as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 were not significant. Investments in the private funds (excluding private energy funds) cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2020 to 2029. Abbott’s unfunded commitment in these funds was $ 571 million and $ 518 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
