ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Following this exchange, approximately $194.2 million of existing St. Jude Medical notes remained outstanding across the five series of existing notes which have the same coupons and maturities as those listed above. There were no significant costs associated with the exchange of debt. In addition, during the 
On January 4, 2017, as part of funding the cash portion of the St. Jude Medical acquisition, Abbott borrowed $2.0 billion under a 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility. This facility was repaid during the first quarter of 2017. 
In 2017, Abbott issued 364-day yen-denominated debt, of which $199 million and $195 million was outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In 2017, Abbott also paid off a $479 million yen-denominated short-term borrowing during the year.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and our obligation for employee healthcare benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis by evaluating and making judgments about historical claims experience and other actuarial assumptions and the estimated impact on future results. 
We recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers, which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. We account for product shipping, handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues. 
Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments, such as trade discounts, rebates or returns, are estimated at the time of sale. We base these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue, such as trade incentives and product returns, are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is estimated by applying a fair value hierarchy, which requires maximizing the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The three levels of inputs are: 
The Company’s valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of money market mutual funds are based on quoted market prices, such as quoted net asset values published by the fund as supported in an active market. Valuation methodologies used to measure the fair value of all other non-derivative financial instruments are based on independent external valuation information. The pricing process uses data from a variety of independent external valuation information providers, including trades, bid price or spread, two-sided markets, quotes, benchmark curves including but not limited to treasury benchmarks and LIBOR or Secured Overnight Financing Rate and swap curves, discount rates, and market data feeds. All are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. The Company reports transfers in and out of Levels 1, 2, and 3, as applicable, using the fair 
Current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Long-term financial liabilities include the Company's long-term debt, which are recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price and adjusted for unamortized discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs, and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term debt is based primarily on reported market values, recently completed market transactions, and estimates based upon interest rates, maturities, and credit.
