ALLSTATE CORP report:
Quotes continue to be received from independent third-party valuation service providers and all significant inputs are market observable; however, there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset when compared to normal market activity such that the degree of market observability has declined to a point where categorization as a Level 3 measurement is considered appropriate. The indicators considered in determining whether a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for a specific asset has occurred include the level of new issuances in the primary market, trading volume in the secondary market, the level of credit spreads over historical levels, applicable bid-ask spreads, and price consensus among market participants and other pricing sources. 
 Certain assets are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis, including investments such as mortgage loans, bank loans, agent loans and policy loans. Accordingly, such investments are only included 
in the fair value hierarchy disclosure when the investment is subject to remeasurement at fair value after initial recognition and the resulting remeasurement is reflected in the consolidated financial statements.

BOEING CO report:
Investments in private equity, private debt, real estate, real assets and hedge funds are primarily calculated and reported by the General Partner, fund manager or third-party administrator. Additionally, some investments in fixed income and equity are made via commingled vehicles and are valued in a similar fashion. Pension assets invested in commingled and LP structures rely on the NAV of these investments as the practical expedient for the valuations. 
The following tables summarizes the changes of Level 3 assets, reconciled by asset class, held during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Transfers into and out of Level 3 are reported at the beginning-of-year values. 
 January 1 2022 Balance Net Realized and Unrealized Gains/(Losses) Net Purchases, Issuances and Settlements Net Transfers Into/(Out of) Level 3 December 31 2022 Balance Fixed income securities: Corporate

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Income Tax (Expense) Benefit - Income tax expense was $248 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to income tax expense of $86 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to higher pretax income, resulting from higher EBIT in our Core and Non-core segments, as noted above. 
Liquidity and Capital Resources – At December 31, 2020, working capital, which equals total current assets less total current liabilities, was $5,196 million, an increase of $1,543 million, compared to working capital of $3,653 million at December 31, 2019. The increase in working capital is primarily due to increased readily marketable inventories ("RMI") purchases associated with strong farmer selling activity in Brazil during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 as well as higher commodity prices at December 31, 2020. 
Our operations are organized, managed and classified into five reportable segments based upon their similar economic characteristics, nature of products and services offered, production processes, types and classes of customer, and distribution methods.
