SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the accelerated shift to cloud and hosted service offerings and customer experience management solutions. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings and verticals. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.

BOEING CO report:
to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. 
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in earnings during 2018 was a benefit of $1,005 million , largely consistent with a benefit of $1,127 million in 2017 and $1,029 million in 2016 . The non-operating pension expense included in Other income/(loss), net was a benefit of $143 million in 2018 and $117 million in 2017 , compared with an expense of $327 million in 2016 . The benefits in 2018 and 2017 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses. The expense in 2016 reflects the amortization of non-service costs previously capitalized as inventory in prior years, primarily interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses in excess of expected returns. 
For further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs see the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 21 of this Form 10-K and see Note 23 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit cost, primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Investments : exposure to market risk, asset allocation, credit quality, total return, net investment income, cash flows, net gains and losses on investments and derivatives, unrealized capital gains and losses, long-term returns and asset duration 
The measure of segment profit or loss used in evaluating performance is underwriting income for the Allstate Protection and Run-off Property-Liability segments and adjusted net income for the Protection Services, Allstate Health and Benefits, and Corporate and Other segments. 
Underwriting income is calculated as premiums earned and other revenue, less claims and claims expense (“losses”), Shelter-in-Place Payback expense, amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs (“DAC”), operating costs and expenses, amortization or impairment of purchased intangibles, and restructuring and related charges, as determined using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). We use this measure in our evaluation of results of operations to analyze profitability.
