MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We exclude antidilutive Mondelēz International stock options from our calculation of weighted-average shares for diluted EPS. We excluded antidilutive stock options and long-term incentive plan shares of 5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 , 11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 . 
We manufacture and market primarily snack food products, including biscuits (cookies, crackers and salted snacks), chocolate, gum & candy and various cheese & grocery products, as well as powdered beverage products. 
We manage our global business and report operating results through geographic units. We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise across our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
An area of focus for us has been the development of midstream infrastructure serving producers in the Delaware Basin, which is part of the overall Permian Basin. Historically, the Delaware Basin has been a relatively lightly drilled area due to a lack of conventional targets. However, with the introduction of horizontal drilling and identification of stacked targets of tight-rock and shales, drilling in the Delaware Basin has accelerated over the past five years. These drilling targets have proven to produce not only crude oil but condensate and NGLs, which present us a significant number of opportunities to provide midstream services to producers. We are actively working with producers to identify those midstream infrastructure projects that will best serve their needs and also complement our integrated asset network. 
Two examples of our initiatives in the Delaware Basin are the Orla and Mentone natural gas processing plants. During 2018, we placed two processing trains (Orla I and II) into service at Orla with a third (Orla III) expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2019. Once Orla III is completed, the Orla facility will have 900 MMcf/d of total processing capacity and allow us to extract up to 120 MBPD of mixed NGLs. Our Mentone facility was announced in October 2018 and is scheduled to enter service during the first quarter of 2020. When the Mentone plant is completed and placed into service, we expect to have an aggregate 1.6 Bcf/d of natural gas processing capacity and 250 MBPD of NGL production from our processing plants in the Delaware Basin. 
Our Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline System, which became fully operational in the second quarter of 2018, provides Permian Basin producers with the ability to transport multiple grades of crude oil on a segregated basis to Gulf Coast and international markets, thus maintaining and assuring the quality and grade of the final product. As a result of operating enhancements and supplementary infrastructure, the transportation capacity of the Midland-to-ECHO 1 Pipeline System is expected to increase to 620 MBPD beginning in March 2019. In addition, we placed our Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline System into limited commercial service in February 2019, with full service expected in April 2019. The Midland-to-ECHO 2 Pipeline System provides us with approximately 200 MBPD of incremental crude oil transportation capacity from the Permian Basin to markets in the Houston area.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing within Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this 2022 10‑K Report. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ materially from the results suggested by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that may cause our results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward-looking statements are described in Item 1A – Risk Factors and under Forward-Looking Statements. 
We have elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements presented in this 2022 10‑K Report. Refer to Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (herein incorporated by reference), filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022, for management's discussion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 
We are principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and services in the aviation, land, and marine transportation industries. Our intention is to become a leading global energy management company offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment services, technology solutions, payment management solutions, as well as sustainability products and services across the energy product spectrum. For additional discussion on our businesses, climate change and the associated risks, see Part I, Item 1. – Business and Item 1A – Risk Factors within this 2022 10-K Report.
