MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(13) In the fourth quarter of 2022, we began to exclude the impact from the European Commission legal matter. In November 2019, the European Commission informed us that it initiated an investigation into our alleged infringement of European Union competition law through certain practices allegedly restricting cross-border trade within the European Economic Area. On January 28, 2021, the European Commission announced it had taken the next procedural step in its investigation and opened formal proceedings. We have been cooperating with the investigation and are currently engaged in discussions with the European Commission in an effort to reach a negotiated, proportionate resolution to this matter. As of December 31. 2022, we recorded an estimate of the possible cost to resolve this matter. Due to the unique nature of this matter, we believe it to be infrequent and unusual and therefore exclude it to better facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating performance across periods. Refer to Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies – Tax Matters , for additional information. 
(14) The impact from pension participation changes represents the charges incurred when employee groups are withdrawn from multiemployer pension plans and other changes in employee group pension plan participation. We exclude these charges from our non–GAAP results because those amounts do not reflect our ongoing pension obligations. See Note 11, Benefit Plans , for more information on the multiemployer pension plan withdrawal. 
(15) We have excluded the initial impacts from enacted tax law changes. Initial impacts include items such as the remeasurement of deferred tax balances and the transition tax from the 2017 U.S. tax reform. Previously, we only excluded the initial impacts from more material tax reforms, specifically the impacts of the 2019 Swiss tax reform and 2017 U.S. tax reform. We exclude initial impacts from enacted tax law changes from our Adjusted EPS as they do not reflect our ongoing tax obligations under the enacted tax law changes. Refer to Note 16, Income Taxes , for more information.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In July 2017 , the Company obtained a commitment letter from a financial institution for a $ 9.6 billion unsecured bridge term loan facility that could have been used to complete the Scripps Networks acquisition. No amounts were drawn under the bridge loan commitment and, following the execution of the Term Loans and the issuance of the USD Notes and the Sterling Notes in September 2017 , the commitment was terminated. The Company incurred $ 40 million of debt issuance costs, which were fully amortized as a component of interest expense following the issuance of the USD Notes and Sterling Notes in September 2017 . The associated cash payment was classified as a component of financing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
The following table presents a summary of scheduled and estimated debt payments, excluding the revolving credit facility and commercial paper borrowings, for the next five years based on the amount of the Company's debt outstanding as of December 31, 2019 (in millions). 
The Company has operating and finance leases for transponders, office space, studio facilities, and other equipment. Our leases have remaining lease terms of up to 17 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 10 years. Most leases are not cancelable prior to their expiration.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We also handle refined products at EHT on the Houston Ship Channel. In addition to providing vessel loading and unloading services for refined products, EHT’s refined products operations include 2.0 MMBbls of aggregate storage capacity through the use of 24 above-ground storage tanks.
Refined products marketing activities. Our refined products marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of refined products obtained on the open market. The results of operations from our refined products marketing activities are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between product sales prices and the associated purchase and other costs, including those costs attributable to the use of our other assets. In general, we sell our refined products at market-based prices, which may include pricing differentials for factors such as grade and delivery location. We use derivative instruments to mitigate our exposure to commodity price risks associated with our refined products marketing activities. For a discussion of our commodity hedging program, see Part II, Item 7A of this annual report.
In December 2019, we placed our ethylene export terminal into limited service, with the first cargo of 25 million pounds of ethylene exported in January 2020. The terminal, which we operate, is located at our Morgan’s Point facility on the Houston Ship Channel and features two docks and the capacity to load 2.2 billion pounds of ethylene per year. A refrigerated storage tank for 66 million pounds of ethylene is being constructed on-site that will allow the terminal to load ethylene up to a rate of 2.2 million pounds per hour. Full commercial operations at the terminal are expected in the fourth quarter of 2020 once certain refrigeration assets are complete. We own a 50% member interest in Enterprise Navigator Ethylene Terminal LLC, which owns the export facility.
