SALESFORCE INC report:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of salesforce.com, inc. (the Company) as of January 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at January 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 17, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• Average premium-gross written (“average premium”): gross premiums written divided by issued item count. Gross premiums written include the impacts from discounts, surcharges and ceded reinsurance premiums and exclude the impacts from mid-term premium adjustments and premium refund accruals. Average premiums represent the appropriate policy term for each line. 
• Renewal ratio: renewal policy item counts issued during the period, based on contract effective dates, divided by the total policy item counts issued generally 6 months prior for auto or 12 months prior for homeowners. 
• Implemented rate changes: represents the impact in the locations (U.S. states, the District of Columbia or Canadian provinces) where rate changes were implemented during the period as a percentage of total brand prior year-end premiums written.

BOEING CO report:
The following table includes the number of shares that may be dilutive potential common shares in the future. These shares were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect was either antidilutive or the performance condition was not met. 
On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) was enacted. The TCJA revised the U.S. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering the rate from 35 % to 21 % effective January 1, 2018, implementing a territorial tax system and imposing a one-time tax on deemed repatriated earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries. The TCJA also enacted provisions which effectively apply a lower U.S. tax rate to intangible income derived from serving non-U.S. markets. In 2018, we recorded a $ 549 tax benefit related to foreign derived intangible income. 
In accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (SAB 118), in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded provisional tax benefits of $ 1,430 related to the remeasurement of our net U.S. deferred tax liabilities to reflect the reduction in the corporate tax rate and a provisional tax expense of $ 159 related to tax on non-U.S. activities resulting from the TCJA. During the fourth quarter of 2018 and in accordance with SAB 118, the Company completed its accounting for the provisional amounts recognized at December 31, 2017 and recorded an incremental benefit related to refinements to these provisional amounts which was not significant.
