MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Between 2013 and 2017, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of a total of $ 13.7 billion of our Common Stock through December 31, 2018. On January 31, 2018, our Finance Committee, with authorization delegated from our Board of Directors, approved an increase of $ 6.0 billion in the share repurchase program, raising the authorization to $ 19.7 billion of Common Stock repurchases, and extended the program through December 31, 2020 . Repurchases under the program are determined by management and are wholly discretionary. Prior to January 1, 2018 , we had repurchased approximately $ 13.0 billion of Common Stock pursuant to this authorization. During 2018 , we repurchased approximately 47.3 million shares of Common Stock at an average cost of $ 42.18 per share, or an aggregate cost of approximately $ 2.0 billion , all of which was paid during the period. All share repurchases were funded through available cash and commercial paper issuances. As of December 31, 2018 , we have approximately $ 4.7 billion in remaining share repurchase capacity. 
In February 2013 and March 2014, Cadbury India Limited (now known as Mondelez India Foods Private Limited), a subsidiary of Mondelēz International, and other parties received show cause notices from the Indian Central Excise Authority (the “Excise Authority”) calling upon the parties to demonstrate why the Excise Authority should not collect a total of 3.7 billion Indian rupees ( $ 54 million as of December 31, 2018 ) of unpaid excise tax and an equivalent amount of penalties, as well as interest, related to production at the same Indian facility. We contested these demands for unpaid excise taxes, penalties and interest. On March 27, 2015, after several hearings, the Commissioner of the Excise Authority issued an order denying the excise exemption that we claimed for the Indian facility and confirming the Excise Authority’s demands for total taxes and penalties in the amount of 5.8 billion Indian rupees ( $ 84 million as of December 31, 2018 ) plus accrued interest. We have appealed this order. In addition, the Excise Authority issued additional show cause notices in February 2015, December 2015 and October 2017 on the same issue but covering the periods January to October 2014, November 2014 to September 2015 and October 2015 to June 2017, respectively. These notices added a total of 4.9 billion Indian rupees ( $ 70 million as of December 31, 2018 ) of allegedly unpaid excise taxes subject to penalties up to an equivalent amount plus accrued interest. Interest will continue to accrue until the matters are resolved. With the implementation of the new 
Goods and Services Tax in India in July 2017, we will not receive any further show cause notices for additional amounts on this issue. We believe that the decision to claim the excise tax benefit is valid and we are continuing to contest the show cause notices through the administrative and judicial process. As part of a continuing appeals process, we may be required to deposit an amount up to the equivalent of the total demand for unpaid excise taxes under the five show cause notices, which will be repaid if the proceedings conclude in our favor. We do not expect to be required to make any such deposit before 2020.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The following discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand the Company, our financial condition and results of operations and our present business environment. It should be read together with Item 6 of Part II, “Selected Financial Data,” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion and analysis contain certain financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful supplemental information about our operating performance, because they exclude amounts that our management does not consider part of core operating results when assessing our performance and underlying trends. Information regarding reconciliations of and the rationale for these measures is discussed in “Non-GAAP Reconciliations” in Item 6 of Part II, “Selected Financial Data.” 
Case growth — Case growth, by customer type (e.g., independent restaurants) is reported as of a point in time. Customers periodically are reclassified, based on changes in size or other characteristics, and when those changes occur, the respective customer’s historical volume follows its new classification. 
Within the foodservice distribution industry, there have recently been mixed sales results among different customer types having varying sizes and growth profiles and differing product and service requirements. Independent restaurants, a customer type of strategic focus for us, grew during 2018. We believe we have capitalized on innovative product offerings and our e-commerce and technology solutions to grow our mix with independent restaurants, and have made gains in this area. National chain restaurants experienced mild industry growth during 2018; however, we experienced declines with this customer type from strategically planned exits from certain national chain business.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product’s efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
In the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA’s confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
Established Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition, Abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Duphalac™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.
