ALLSTATE CORP report:
Parent company capital capacity At the parent holding company level, we have deployable assets totaling $ 2.30 billion as of December 31, 2019 , comprising cash and investments that are generally saleable within one quarter. Deployable assets increased by the proceeds from the Preferred Stock, Series I issuance, which were subsequently used for the Series A redemption that occurred on January 15, 2020. The substantial earnings capacity of the operating subsidiaries is the primary source of capital generation for the Corporation. 
The payment of dividends by AIC to The Allstate Corporation is limited by Illinois insurance law to formula amounts based on statutory net income and statutory surplus, as well as the timing and amount of dividends paid in the preceding twelve months. Based on the greater of 2019 statutory net income or 10% of statutory surplus, the maximum amount of dividends that AIC will be able to pay, without prior Illinois Department of Insurance approval, at a given point in time in 2020 is estimated at $3.73 billion , less dividends paid during the preceding twelve months measured at that point in time. Notification and approval of intercompany lending activities are also required by the Illinois Department of Insurance for those transactions that exceed formula amounts based on statutory admitted assets and statutory surplus. 
Intercompany dividends were paid in 2019 , 2018 and 2017 between the following companies: AIC, Allstate Insurance Holdings, LLC (“AIH”), the Corporation, ALIC, American Heritage Life Insurance Company (“AHL”) and Allstate Financial Insurance Holdings Corporation (“AFIHC”).

SALESFORCE INC report:
The comparability of our operating results for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 compared to the same period of fiscal 2020 was impacted by our acquisitions in the current and prior year, including the acquisition of Tableau in the prior year, which was our largest acquisition to date. In our discussion of changes in our results of operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 compared to the same periods of fiscal 2020, we may quantitatively disclose the impact of our acquired products and services for the fiscal year subsequent to the acquisition date on the growth in certain of our revenues where such discussions would be meaningful. Expense contributions from our recent acquisitions for each of the respective period comparisons generally were not separately identifiable due to the integration of these businesses into our existing operations or were insignificant to our results of operations during the periods presented . 
The increase in subscription and support revenues was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new business, which includes new customers, upgrades, additional subscriptions from existing customers and acquisition activity. Pricing was 
not a significant driver of the increase in revenues for the period. Revenues from term and perpetual software licenses, which are recognized at a point in time, represent approximately six percent of total subscription and support revenues for fiscal 2021. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 94 percent of our total revenues for both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Certain of our floating rate debt and certain of our interest rate derivative transactions utilize interest rates that are linked to the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) as the benchmark rate. The U.S. dollar LIBOR rates utilized in these transactions will cease publication after June 30, 2023, in accordance with recent U.S. and international regulatory guidance for reform. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted but could include an increase in the cost of our floating rate debt or exposure under our interest rate derivative transactions. We do not anticipate a significant impact to our financial position given our current mix of variable and fixed-rate debt and taking into account the impact of our interest rate hedging. In 2021, we began utilizing interest rates that are linked to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the benchmark rate for various floating rate transactions. 
The table that follows summarizes the fair values of our long-term debt, including current maturities, and interest rate swap derivatives as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The table also provides a sensitivity analysis of the estimated fair values of these financial instruments assuming 100-basis-point upward and downward shifts in the yield curve. Our sensitivity analysis does not include the fair values of our commercial paper and bank loans, if any, because they are not significantly affected by changes in market interest rates. 
We enter into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against interest rate risk exposure of designated debt issuances. At December 31, 2022, there was no amount related to the fair value of the asset and the fair value of the liability of these contracts was $4.6 billion. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was $473 million and $666 million, respectively. The increase in the fair value of the liability of these contracts is primarily due to interest rate changes during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total notional amount of the interest rate swaps was $26.1 billion and $19.8 billion, respectively.
