ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Segment Adjusted EBITDA.   For the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our intrastate transportation and storage segment increased  due to the net impacts of the following: 
a net increase of $14 million  due to the consolidation of RIGS beginning in April 2018, resulting in increases in transportation fees, operating expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses of $73 million , $16 million  and $6 million , respectively, and a decrease of $37 million  in Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates; and 
an increase of $4 million  in transportation fees, excluding the impact of consolidating RIGS as discussed above, primarily due to new contracts and the impact of the Red Bluff Express pipeline coming online in May 2018; partially offset by

SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to invest for future growth through focusing on multi-cloud adoption by our existing customers, growing our relationships with our enterprise customers, expanding internationally and expanding and strengthening our ecosystem of partners and independent software vendors (“ISVs”). As a result, we continue to win customers from competitors in the markets in which we compete. In addition, we continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. 
We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings through a disciplined and thoughtful acquisition process. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and we plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. As part of our business and growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics and integration. We drive innovation organically and to a lesser extent through acquisitions, such as our recent business combination with Salesforce.org in June 2019 and acquisitions of Tableau in August 2019 and ClickSoftware in October 2019. 
As a result of our aggressive growth plans and integration of our previously acquired businesses, we have incurred significant expenses for equity awards and amortization of purchased intangibles, which have reduced our operating income.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
For the Years Ended December 31,   2021 2020 2019 U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % Increase/(decrease) resulting from: State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 1.1 % 1.6 % 1.3 % Foreign rate differences ( 1.6 )% 1.1 % 0.2 % Changes in judgment on realizability of deferred tax assets 0.1 % ( 2.2 )% ( 0.3 )% Reversal of other tax accruals no longer required ( 0.5 )% ( 0.8 )% ( 3.0 )% Tax accrual on investment in KDP (including tax impact of share sales) 4.7 % 6.7 % 0.8 % Excess tax benefits from equity compensation ( 0.7 )% ( 1.0 )% ( 1.2 )% Tax legislation (non-Swiss tax reform) 2.3 % 1.0 % 0.4 % Swiss tax reform — — ( 22.3 )% Business sales (including tax impact from JDE Peet's transaction) — 7.4 % — Foreign tax provisions under TCJA (GILTI, FDII and BEAT) (1) 
(1) The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“TCJA”) established the Global Intangible Low-Tax Income (“GILTI”) provision, which taxes U.S. allocated expenses and certain income from foreign operations; the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income (“FDII”) provision, which allows a deduction against certain types of U.S. taxable income resulting in a lower effective U.S. tax rate on such income; and the Base Erosion Anti-abuse Tax (“BEAT”), which is a minimum tax based on cross-border service payments by U.S. entities. 
Our 2021 effective tax rate of 27.2 % was high due to the $ 187 million net tax expense incurred in connection with the KDP share sales during the second and third quarters. Excluding this impact, our effective tax rate was 23.0 %, which reflects unfavorable provisions from the 2017 U.S. tax reform and taxes on earnings from equity method investments (these earnings are reported separately on our consolidated statements of earnings and not within earnings before income taxes), largely offset by favorable impacts from the mix of pre-tax income in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. The 23.0 % includes a discrete net tax benefit of $ 2 million, primarily driven by a $ 47 million net benefit from the release of liabilities for uncertain tax positions due to expirations of statutes of limitations and audit settlements in several jurisdictions and a $ 44 million benefit from two U.S. tax returns amended to reflect new guidance from the U.S. Treasury Department, offset by $ 100 million net tax expense from the increase of our deferred tax liabilities resulting from enacted tax legislation (mainly in the United Kingdom).
