MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by favorable volume/mix and higher net pricing. Favorable volume/mix in Europe, AMEA and Latin America was primarily driven by strong volume gains as we lapped the significant negative impacts of the pandemic in many of our key markets. This was partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in North America as the region lapped very strong prior-year volume growth from significant food purchases for in-home consumption due to the pandemic. Higher net pricing in all regions was due to the benefit of carryover pricing from 2020 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2021. Favorable currency impacts increased net revenues by $472 million, primarily due to the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, British pound sterling, Chinese yuan, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, South African rand and Mexican peso, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies, including the Argentinean peso, Brazilian real and Turkish lira. The April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food added incremental net revenues of $47 million (constant currency basis), the March 25, 2021 acquisition of Grenade added 
incremental net revenues of $63 million (constant currency basis), the January 4, 2021 acquisition of Hu added incremental net revenues of $38 million and the April 1, 2020 acquisition of Give & Go added incremental net revenues of $106 million in 2021. The packaged seafood business, which was part of our April 1, 2021 acquisition of Gourmet Food but divested on November 1, 2021, added incremental net revenues of $35 million prior to its divestiture. In addition, businesses divested in 2022 and 2021 added incremental revenues of $46 million in 2021. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for more information. 
Operating Income – Operating income increased $800 million (20.8%) to $4,653 million in 2021, Adjusted Operating Income (1) increased $366 million (8.3%) to $4,765 million and Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis increased $246 million (5.6%) to $4,645 million due to the following:

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Texas Intrastate System decreased a net $58.9 million year-to-year primarily due to lower capacity reservation revenues, which accounted for a $118.2 million decrease, partially offset by higher storage and other fees, which accounted for a $32.8 million increase, and higher transportation volumes of 591 BBtus/d, which accounted for an additional $18.6 million increase.
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):
Gross operating margin from propylene production and related activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased $327.2 million when compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Gross operating margin from our Chambers County propylene production facilities increased a combined net $324.7 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for a $220.5 million increase, higher propylene fractionation fees, which accounted for a $119.6 million increase, and higher propylene sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $31.6 million increase, partially offset by higher operating costs, which accounted for a $52.6 million decrease. Propylene and associated by-product production volumes at these facilities increased a combined 9 MBPD year-to-year (net to our interest).

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
As of December 31, 2021, all of the Company’s outstanding registered senior notes have been issued by DCL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and guaranteed by the Company and Scripps Networks, except for $23 million of senior notes outstanding as of December 31, 2021 that have been issued by Scripps Networks and are not guaranteed. (See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) DCL primarily includes the Discovery Channel and TLC networks in the U.S. DCL is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of the Company. Scripps Networks is also 100% owned by the Company. 
The tables below present the summarized financial information as combined for Discovery, Inc. (the “Parent”), Scripps Networks and DCL (collectively, the “Obligors”). All guarantees of DCL's senior notes (the “Note Guarantees”) are full and unconditional, joint and several and unsecured, and cover all payment obligations arising under the senior notes. 
Note Guarantees issued by Scripps Networks or any subsidiary of the Parent that in the future issues a Note Guarantee (each, a “Subsidiary Guarantor”) may be released and discharged (i) concurrently with any direct or indirect sale or disposition of such Subsidiary Guarantor or any interest therein, (ii) at any time that such Subsidiary Guarantor is released from all of its obligations under its guarantee of payment by DCL, (iii) upon the merger or consolidation of any Subsidiary Guarantor with and into DCL or the Parent or another Subsidiary Guarantor, or upon the liquidation of such Subsidiary Guarantor and (iv) other customary events constituting a discharge of the Obligors’ obligations.
