ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS — Internal research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Clinical trial costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the contracted work is performed. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development arrangements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the milestone results are achieved.
ACQUIRED IN-PROCESS AND COLLABORATIONS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (IPR&D) — The initial costs of rights to IPR&D projects obtained in an asset acquisition are expensed as IPR&D unless the project has an alternative future use. These costs include initial payments incurred prior to regulatory approval in connection with research and development collaboration agreements that provide rights to develop, manufacture, market and/or sell pharmaceutical or medical device products. The fair value of IPR&D projects acquired in a business combination are capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets until completed and are then amortized over the remaining useful life. Collaborations are not significant.
CONCENTRATION OF RISK AND GUARANTEES — Due to the nature of its operations, Abbott is not subject to significant concentration risks relating to customers, products or geographic locations. Product warranties are not significant.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
We maintain a deferred compensation plan whereby certain employees were previously able to elect to defer the gains on stock option exercises by deferring the shares received upon exercise into a rabbi trust. The shares held in this trust are classified as treasury stock, and the liability to participating employees is classified as Deferred compensation obligations in the shareowners’ equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. The number of shares needed to settle the liability for deferred 
Our various incentive compensation plans permit the grant of non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and stock units ("RSUs"), and restricted performance shares and performance units ("RPUs", collectively with RSUs, "Restricted Units"). On May 13, 2021, our shareholders approved our 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan under which we are authorized to issue awards underlying 25 million shares. Each award issued in the form of Restricted Units, stock options and other permitted awards reduces the share reserve by one share. We had 19 million shares available to be issued under the UPS Incentive Compensation Plan as of December 31, 2021. 
Our primary equity compensation programs are the UPS Management Incentive Award program (the "MIP"), the UPS Long-Term Incentive Performance Award program (the "LTIP") and the UPS Stock Option program. Additionally, our matching contributions to our primary employee defined contribution savings plan are made in shares of UPS class A common stock. The total expense recognized in our statements of consolidated income under all stock compensation programs during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $ 878 , $ 796 and $ 915 million, respectively. The associated income tax benefit recognized in our statements of consolidated income during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $ 301 , $ 210 and $ 216 million, respectively. The cash income tax benefit received from the exercise of stock options and conversion of Restricted Units to class A shares during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $ 278 , $ 272 and $ 148 million, respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
Traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services; 
For revenue reporting purposes, we group all of our service offerings into four major categories: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Salesforce Platform and Other, and Marketing and Commerce Cloud. Our subscription and support revenues are disaggregated into these four core offerings. For a more detailed discussion, see the “Revenue by Cloud Service Offering” discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
