SALESFORCE INC report:
We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $4.3 billion  at January 31, 2019 . This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectation due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as “available for sale,” no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary. 
An immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 100-basis points at January 31, 2019  could result in a $21 million  market value reduction or increase of the same amount. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in other comprehensive income, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities.

BOEING CO report:
• We evaluated the significant assumptions used by management to estimate the liability for customer consideration, and, where possible, we corroborated the significant assumptions with management outside of the accounting and finance organizations. 
• We evaluated the terms of settlement agreements with customers for the allocation of value provided between consideration as a result of the 737 MAX Grounding and for consideration related to the impact of current economic conditions resulting from COVID-19. 
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013 ) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We have debt in fixed and floating rate instruments. We are exposed to market risk due to changes in interest rates. We may enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our interest rate exposure related to our debt portfolio. 
A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the interest yields on our senior note debt at December 31, 2020 would result in a decrease of approximately $47 million in the fair value of our debt. Similarly, a decrease of 100 basis points in the interest yields on our senior debt at December 31, 2020 would cause an increase of approximately $29 million in the fair value of our debt. 
A hypothetical 100 basis point change in LIBOR would result in a change of approximately $57 million in our interest expense on our variable rate debt at December 31, 2020. Some of our variable rate debt is denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars and is indexed to non-U.S. dollar-based interest rate indices, such as EURIBOR and TJLP, and certain benchmark rates in local bank markets. As such, the hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rate ignores the potential impact of any currency movements. See "Risk Factors - We are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business" for a discussion of certain risks related to LIBOR.
