ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
On October 28, 2022, the EPA issued a Notice of Proposed Debarment (“NPD”) arising from SPLP’s and ETC Northeast Pipeline, LLC’s nolo contendere plea agreements and convictions for violations of Pennsylvania’s Clean Streams Law related to the Revolution and Mariner 2 pipelines. The following entities were proposed for debarment: (1) SPLP (pleading entity); (2) ETC Northeast Pipeline, LLC (pleading entity); (3) Energy Transfer LP; (4) SemGroup LLC; and (5) LE GP, LLC. The NPD presently prevents the named entities from pursuing or renewing Federal government contracts or Federal financial assistance agreements. We are engaging with the EPA to address the EPA’s concerns. Currently, none of the entities named in the NPD are party to any Federal government contracts or Federal financial assistance agreements. 
In July 2021, Energy Transfer LP, Energy Transfer R&M and certain of their affiliates were named as parties in a complaint filed by the Ohio Petroleum Underground Storage Tank Release Compensation Board (“PUSTRCB”) to recover over $8.5 million paid by PUSTRCB to Energy Transfer R&M or on Energy Transfer R&M’s behalf due to alleged false, misleading and/or fraudulent representations. Specifically, in 1996, Energy Transfer R&M filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California (Los Angeles City) against its historic Commercial General Liability (“CGL”) insurers, excess and re-insurers entitled Jalisco et al. v. Argonaut et al. (“Jalisco”) - Case No. BC158441 - seeking a declaration of coverage under insurance policies which had been in place before 1986. The Jalisco action included refineries, Superfund sites, oil fields, pipelines, and service stations, among other sites, and the lawsuit was ultimately settled with the insurers. Sunoco, Inc. received reimbursement from PUSTRCB for costs incurred at service stations located in Ohio, and PUSTRCB now claims that Sunoco, Inc. failed to disclose to PUSTRCB the claims asserted against its insurers, the Jalisco action and the settlements and failed to repay the monies received from PUSTRCB. PUSTRCB seeks compensatory damages, restitution and disgorgement, punitive damages, interest and attorney’s fees. A $3.2 million settlement was agreed upon in December 2022, and the matter was resolved and dismissed in January 2023 without admission of responsibility. 
On February 3, 2022, the State of New Mexico, ex rel. Hector Balderas, Attorney General filed a Complaint against ETO, Transwestern, Kinder Morgan, Inc., El Paso Natural Gas LLC, and Northwest Pipeline, LLC in Cause No. D-101-CV-2022-00174 in the First Judicial District Court, County of Santa Fe, State of New Mexico, seeking to recover statewide damages for contamination with PCBs used for decades by the oil and gas industry in the operation and maintenance of pipeline infrastructure. The complaint alleges discharge or release of PCBs into the natural environment from compressor stations in connection with the operation of the Transwestern Pipeline. Given the early stage of this proceeding, the Partnership is unable at this time to provide an assessment of the potential outcome or range of potential liability, if any.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The following table presents, for our International Networks segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, Adjusted OIBDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted OIBDA to operating income (in millions). 
Distribution revenue increase d 12% , mostly due to the impact of the acquisition of Scripps Networks. Excluding the impact of the acquisition of Scripps Networks and on a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increase d 5% . The increase s were primarily driven by increases in subscribers to our linear networks, higher digital subscription revenues in Europe and increases in pricing in Europe and Latin America. 
Advertising revenue increase d 33% , primarily due to the impact of the acquisition of Scripps Networks. Excluding the impact of the acquisition of Scripps Networks and foreign currency fluctuations, advertising revenue increase d 2% . The increase was primarily attributable to the Olympics. On a pro forma combined basis, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, advertising revenue increase d 3% . The increase was primarily attributable to the Olympics and strength in certain European markets, and to a lesser extent continued monetization of our digital distribution offerings, partially offset by linear viewership declines in Europe and Latin America.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
By living our purpose to empower people to snack right, we believe we can continue to have a positive impact on the lives of our consumers and the world around us. Our mindful snacking strategy aims to encourage consumers to snack with moderation through portion control offerings and labeling, and we continue to evolve our portfolio to meet consumers’ needs. We have been focused on sustainability for many years and we continue to enhance our sustainability goals and reporting. 
In May 2020, we issued our 2019 Snacking Made Right report, which includes expanded reporting on environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) topics and highlights our progress toward our sustainability and nutrition-related goals. We also released an ESG disclosure data sheet that outlines our alignment with the 
We also participate in the CDP Climate and Water annual disclosure survey and continue to work to reduce our carbon and water footprints. We are committed to continue this and other related work in the areas of sustainable resources and agriculture, mindful snacking, nutrition, community partnerships and safety of our products and people.
