WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We place a high degree of focus on growth in position and career enhancement paths for our employees by providing professional development opportunities and cultivating a diverse talent pool. In this regard, we are committed to working on increasing transparency around our talent recruitment, development and retention efforts, as well as our diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. We have developed a set of commitments for our business, including initiatives aimed at increasing the representation of minorities and military veterans throughout our organization, as well as the representation of women in senior management. These initiatives include providing unconscious bias training to our managers, mandating diverse interview panels in our recruiting process and actively participating in veteran programs that provide employment opportunities and educational support to military veterans and their families. 
Investing in our employees is a top priority and we continually strive to provide an environment that promotes learning, growth and development to maximize our people's potential. We are committed to creating a learning culture that builds skills needed for the future and develops great leaders. We provide a variety of resources to further our employees' development, including online resources as well as in-person and virtual training programs to develop skills and gain knowledge that advances employees' careers. 
We are also committed to supporting the health and well-being of our employees and their families, as we believe that the key to successful business operations is a healthy and competent workforce. We have identified a strong connection between employee well-being and the safety of business operations. Accordingly, we are devoted to supporting employee well-being in all dimensions, which goes beyond their physical well-being and includes support for emotional, financial and social well-being. It is a holistic approach intended to provide support and resources that empower our employees and their families to embrace a healthy lifestyle. We have launched various programs designed to build a global culture that promotes and celebrates employee health and well-being in our locations around the world. The goal of these programs is to integrate employee health and well-being into the World Fuel Services culture through fun and educational events, webinars, activities and fitness challenges.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, on August 1, 2022, the Company acquired Clif Bar for purchase price consideration of $2.6 billion. Of the acquired indefinite life intangible assets, management allocated $1.45 billion to trade names, which primarily relate to the Clif trade name. The fair value for the Clif trade name was determined using the relief from royalty method. Significant assumptions used by management in assessing the fair value include estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates. 
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the Clif trade name acquired in the acquisition of Clif Bar is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value of the Clif trade name acquired; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statement. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls related to acquisition accounting, including controls over management’s valuation of the Clif trade name acquired and controls over the development of significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the purchase agreement; (ii) testing management’s process for developing the fair value of the Clif trade name acquired; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the relief from royalty method; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates. Evaluating management’s significant assumption related to estimates of future sales involved evaluating whether the assumption used by management was reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Clif Bar business; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether this assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the Company’s relief from royalty method and (ii) the reasonableness of the discount and royalty rate significant assumptions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In April 2017, we announced plans to build the 658-mile Shin Oak NGL Pipeline to transport growing NGL production from the Permian Basin to our NGL fractionation and storage complex located at the Mont Belvieu hub. The Mont Belvieu area in Chambers County, Texas, with its significant energy-related infrastructure, is a key hub of the global NGL industry (the “Mont Belvieu hub”). In February 2019, the 24-inch diameter mainline segment of the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline from Orla, Texas to Mont Belvieu was placed into limited commercial service with an initial transportation capacity of 250 MBPD. Completion of the related 20-inch diameter Waha lateral is scheduled for the second quarter of 2019. Supported by long-term customer commitments, the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline will ultimately provide up to 550 MBPD of transportation capacity, which is expected to be available in the fourth quarter of 2019.
In May 2018, Apache Corporation (“Apache”) executed a long-term supply agreement to sell all of its NGL production from the Alpine High discovery to us. Alpine High is a major hydrocarbon resource located in the Delaware Basin that encompasses rich and dry natural gas and oil-bearing horizons. Apache holds approximately 336,000 net acres in the Alpine High discovery. Enterprise has committed to purchase up to 205 MBPD of NGLs from Apache over the initial ten-year term of the supply agreement, the term of which may be extended at the consent of the parties. 
In conjunction with the long-term NGL supply agreement, we granted Apache an option to acquire up to a 33% equity interest in our subsidiary that owns the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline. In November 2018, Apache contributed this option to Altus Midstream Company, which is a majority-owned subsidiary of Apache. The option is exercisable within sixty days after certain completion milestones are met (as defined in the underlying agreements), which we expect to occur in the second quarter of 2019.
