MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Since pension and postretirement liabilities are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate significantly affects our plan obligations and expenses. For plans that have assets held in trust, the expected return on plan assets assumption affects our pension plan expenses. The assumptions for discount rates and expected rates of return and our process for setting these assumptions are described in Note 11, Benefit Plans , to the consolidated financial statements. 
While we do not anticipate further changes in the 2021 assumptions for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension and postretirement health care plans, as a sensitivity measure, a fifty-basis point change in our discount rates or the expected rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects, increase/(decrease), on our annual benefit plan costs: 
As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. The provision for income taxes includes the amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. Our provision for income taxes is significantly affected by shifts in the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings across tax jurisdictions, changes in tax laws and regulations, tax planning opportunities available in each tax jurisdiction and the ultimate outcome of various tax audits.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Our aviation segment has benefited from growth in our fuel and related services offerings, as well as our improving logistics capability and the geographic expansion of our aviation fueling operations into additional international airport locations. However, the global travel restrictions and sharp decrease in demand for air travel resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted the overall aviation market, and accordingly, our results of operations throughout 2020 and 2021. We have experienced improvements in demand and related volume increases in certain regions, principally North America, and are experiencing an accelerating recovery in Western Europe. The continued recovery in demand will be highly contingent on the timing and extent of governmental actions or restrictions globally in response to any increases in infection rates and the overall recovery of the global economy and passenger travel generally. 
In addition, our aviation segment has historically benefited from significant sales to government customers, particularly the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") in Afghanistan, which accounted for a material portion of our aviation segment's profitability in recent years. The level of troop deployments and military-related activities can cause our government customer sales to vary significantly and materially impact our operating results. Specifically, in 2020 the U.S. government and NATO began to significantly reduce the level of troops in Afghanistan and we experienced a corresponding material decline in demand as a result. The final withdrawal of troops in the area was completed during the third quarter of 2021. 
We believe our land segment is well positioned to continue growing market share, both organically and through leveraging the capabilities of our acquisitions, serving to further enhance our commercial and industrial platforms to deliver value-added solutions to customers across the U.S. In addition, to participate in accelerating the energy transition, we continue to focus on the expansion of our sustainability offerings, which include consulting, renewable fuel products, and carbon management and renewable energy solutions through World Kinect, our global energy management brand. Our land segment can be impacted by market and weather conditions. In periods where we experience historically extreme or unseasonable weather conditions, demand for our products may be affected. In addition, our land segment also similarly benefited from sales to NATO in Afghanistan in recent years, however, such activity materially declined and ultimately concluded in 2021 in connection with the U.S. and NATO troop withdrawal.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In addition to the DRIP, we have registration statements on file with the SEC in connection with our EUPP. We issued 545,170 new common units, which generated net cash proceeds of $15.1 million, under the EUPP in 2018. After taking into account the number of common units issued under the EUPP through December 31, 2018, we have the capacity to deliver an additional 5,215,641 common units under this plan. 
The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years indicated (dollars in millions). For additional information regarding our cash flow amounts, please refer to the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities are largely dependent on earnings from our consolidated business activities. Changes in energy commodity prices may impact the demand for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemical and refined products, which could impact sales of our products and the demand for our midstream services. Changes in demand for our products and services may be caused by other factors, including prevailing economic conditions, reduced demand by consumers for the end products made with hydrocarbon products, increased competition, adverse weather conditions and government regulations affecting prices and production levels.
