SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling. For example, we see significant opportunity to increase adoption of multiple offerings among our existing customers, including our largest enterprise customers and small businesses. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customer experience with new products, features and functionality and additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. We also seek to expand all editions of our offerings with new features, functions and increased security through our own development, acquisitions and partnerships. In addition, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to focus innovations and enhancements where our customers need it the most. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities globally. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ. We also plan to continue to develop indirect distribution channels for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to increase our investment in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 
Expanding into new categories and verticals. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories driven by our existing and potential customers’ needs, including analytics, e-commerce, collaboration, integration and workforce management, and expect to continue this type of category expansion in the future. For example, in fiscal 2022, as a result of customer input and demand, we introduced our Health & Safety Solution, or Dreampass, which helps companies safely return to work, travel, manage contact tracing, and also helps governments, healthcare providers, nonprofits, and organizations distribute vaccines around the world. We also introduced Net Zero Cloud, which helps customers analyze and report on their carbon footprint and provide actionable insights on emissions data in order to create long-term, sustainable value. In addition, to better meet the needs of our customers, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. These solutions help to expand our potential customer base and help to attract new customers.

BOEING CO report:
6,671   6,595   6,630   Total segment revenue from contracts with customers $ 26,540   $ 26,257   $ 26,095   Revenue recognized over time 99   % 98   % 98   % Revenue recognized on fixed-price contracts 68   % 69   % 70   % 
 Years ended December 31, 2021 2020 2019 Revenue from contracts with customers: Commercial $ 7,527   $ 6,936   $ 10,167   Government 8,553   8,368   8,107   Total revenues from contracts with customers 16,080   15,304   18,274   Intersegment revenues eliminated on consolidation 248   239   194   Total segment revenues $ 16,328   $ 15,543   $ 18,468   Revenue recognized at a point in time 45   % 47   % 55   % Revenue recognized on fixed-price contracts 86   % 87   % 90   % 
Our total backlog includes contracts that we and our customers are committed to perform. The value in backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on performance obligations to our customers for which work remains to be performed. Backlog is converted into revenue, primarily based on the cost incurred or at delivery and acceptance of products, depending on the applicable revenue recognition model.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• Action on Climate —We implement innovative solutions designed to minimize our environmental footprint and support projects and activities that strengthen our approach to fighting climate change. 
• Responsible Supply Chains —We promote sustainable agriculture and implement projects that are designed to protect and improve the environment, while supporting the social and economic well-being of growers and local communities. 
• Accountability —We aim to be an accountable leader within our industry, helping to raise the bar on our sector’s performance by regularly tracking and disclosing progress on our commitments and sustainability performance.
