ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
(2) In November 2022, Energy Transfer and Panhandle completed an internal reorganization which resulted in Energy Transfer assuming all of Panhandle’s $235 million outstanding principal amount of notes and debentures. The transaction did not impact the Partnership’s consolidated long-term debt. 
The terms of our consolidated indebtedness and that of our subsidiaries are described in more detail below and in Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements, included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 
In April 2022, Dakota Access redeemed $650 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.625% Senior Notes due April 2022 using proceeds from contributions made by its members. The Partnership indirectly owns 36.4% of the ownership interests in Dakota Access.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company leases land and/or buildings at warehouses and certain other office and distribution facilities. Leases generally contain one or more of the following options, which the Company can exercise at the end of the initial term: (a) renew the lease for a defined number of years at the then-fair market rental rate or rate stipulated in the lease agreement; (b) purchase the property at the then-fair market value; or (c) a right of first refusal in the event of a third-party offer. 
Some leases include free-rent periods and step-rent provisions, which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for periodic rent increases based on price indices or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales volume. Our leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
The Company determines at inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. The Company initially records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease obligations for its finance and operating leases based on the discounted future minimum lease payments over the term. As the rate implicit in the Company's leases is not easily determinable, the present value of the sum of the lease payments is calculated using the Company's incremental borrowing rate. The rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest the Company would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. The Company uses quoted interest rates from financial institutions to derive the incremental borrowing rate. The lease term is defined as the noncancelable period of the lease plus any options to extend when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. Impairment of ROU assets is evaluated in a similar manner as described in Property and Equipment, Net above.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In addition to our solution specific service offerings, we have specialized solutions that work across all offerings to support the capabilities our customers’ business needs. These additional service offerings include: 
Customer Data Cloud. At Dreamforce 2022, we announced the Genie Customer Data Cloud (“Genie”), a hyperscale real-time data platform that powers the entire Salesforce Customer 360 platform. With Genie, companies can power seamless, highly personalized experiences across sales, service, marketing and commerce that continuously adapt to changing customer information and needs in real time. Genie ingests and stores real-time data streams at scale and combines it with Salesforce transactional data and includes built-in connectors that bring in data from every channel, legacy data through MuleSoft, and historical data from proprietary data lakes. With Tableau for Genie, customers in every business can visualize, automate, explore and act on data in real time. 
Industry Verticals. Our industry vertical service offerings are suited to meet the needs of our customers in specific industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. They include out-of-the-box capabilities that provide the speed and flexibility to keep up with changing times and customer demands, accelerating time to value.
