ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the prior year, Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to our interstate transportation and storage segment increased due to the net impacts of the following: 
an increase of $359 million associated with the Rover pipeline with increases of $485 million in revenues, $105 million in net operating expenses and $21 million in selling, general and administrative expenses and other; and 
an aggregate increase of $66 million in revenues, excluding the incremental revenue related to the Rover pipeline discussed above, primarily due to capacity sold at higher rates on the Transwestern and Panhandle pipelines; partially offset by

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
On March 17, 2020, the Company acquired Innovel Solutions for $ 999 , using existing cash and cash equivalents. Innovel (now known as Costco Wholesale Logistics or CWL) provides final-mile delivery, installation and white-glove capabilities for big and bulky products in the United States and Puerto Rico. Its financial results have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
The net purchase price of $ 999 has been allocated to the tangible and intangible assets of $ 294 and liabilities assumed of $ 235 , based on fair values on the acquisition date. The remaining unallocated net purchase price of $ 940 was recorded as goodwill. Goodwill represents the acquisition's benefits to the Company, which include the ability to serve more members and improve delivery times, enabling growth in certain segments of our U.S. e-commerce operations. The Company assigned this goodwill, which is deductible for tax purposes, to reporting units within the U.S. segment. Changes to the purchase price allocation originally recorded in 2020 were not material. 
Gross unrecognized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities were not material for the years ended August 29, 2021, and August 30, 2020. At the end of 2021 and 2020, there were no available-for-sale securities in a continuous unrealized-loss position. There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during 2021 or 2020.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Foreign currency derivative contracts are marked-to-market at the end of each reporting period with gains and losses recognized as other expense to offset the gains or losses resulting from the settlement or remeasurement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the obligations of the Company to the counterparties . The notional amount of foreign currency derivative contracts as of January 31, 2021 and 2020 was $ 5.3 billion and $ 5.5 billion, respectively. 
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts and any loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses. 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and classifies its leases at commencement. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Assets recognized from finance leases (also referred to as “ROU” assets) are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities, respectively, on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term. The corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less for any asset classes.
