VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The Act generally preempts regulation by state and local governments of the entry of, or the rates charged by, wireless carriers. The Act does not prohibit states from regulating the other "terms and conditions" of wireless service. For example, some states impose reporting requirements. Several states also have laws or regulations that address safety issues (e.g., use of wireless handsets while driving) and taxation matters. In addition, wireless tower and antenna facilities are often subject to state and local zoning and land use regulation, and securing approvals for new or modified facilities is often a lengthy and expensive process. 
Verizon offers many different broadband services. The FCC recognizes broadband internet access services as "information services" subject to a "light touch" regulatory approach rather than to the traditional, utilities-style regulations. However, a number of states have taken steps to regulate broadband and two of those cases related to regulations in California and Vermont are being litigated in the courts. Regardless of regulation, Verizon remains committed to the open internet, which provides consumers with competitive choices and unblocked access to lawful websites and content. Our commitment to our customers can be found on our website at https://www.verizon.com/about/our-company/verizon-broadband-commitment. 
Verizon offers many different wireline voice services, including traditional telephone service and other services that rely on technologies such as VoIP. For regulatory purposes, legacy telephone services are generally considered to be "common carrier" services. Common carrier services are subject to heightened regulatory oversight with respect to rates, terms and conditions and other aspects of the services. The FCC has not decided the regulatory classification of VoIP but has said VoIP service providers must comply with certain rules, such as 911 capabilities and law enforcement assistance requirements.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
– The $ 500 million, $ 400 million, 75 % placed, and $ 100 million placements also provide that for each annual period beginning April 1, Allstate declared catastrophes to personal lines property and automobile business can be aggregated to erode the aggregate retention and qualify for coverage under the aggregate limit. Recoveries are limited to our ultimate net loss from the reinsured event. 
The New Jersey agreement consists of one contract that reinsures personal lines property and automobile catastrophe losses caused by multiple perils in New Jersey and provides 32 % of $ 400 million of limits in excess of provisional retentions of $ 150 million. The contract includes one annual reinstatement of limits. The New Jersey contract inures to portions of the Nationwide Program. 
The Kentucky earthquake agreement comprises a three-year term contract that reinsures personal lines property losses caused by earthquakes and fire following earthquakes in Kentucky and provides $ 28 million of limits, 95 % placed, in excess of a $ 2 million retention.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Productivity. Quip Collaboration Platform combines documents, spreadsheets, apps and chat with live CRM data to deliver a central hub for teams to create, collaborate and get work done from almost any device. 
Our service offerings are suited to meet the needs of our customers in certain industries, such as solutions for financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, consumer goods, government and philanthropy, as well as customers of every size with offerings such as Essentials for small business. Additionally, our Community Cloud enables companies to quickly create and manage trusted, branded digital destinations for customers, partners and employees, collectively referred to as community cloud. This allows companies to engage and collaborate directly with groups of people by giving them access to relevant information, apps and experts. 
• Ease of integration and configuration with application programming interfaces that enable customers to integrate our solutions with existing third-party, custom and legacy apps, as well as write their own application services that integrate with our solutions.
