WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Financial information with respect to our business segments, the geographic areas of our business and our customers is provided below and within Note 13. Business Segments, Geographic Information and Major Customers. 
We provide global aviation fuel supply and comprehensive service solutions to major commercial airlines, second and third-tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low-cost carriers, airports, fixed-based operators, corporate fleets, charter and fractional operators and private aircraft. Our aviation-related service offerings include fuel management, price risk management, ground handling, 24/7 global dispatch services, and trip planning services, including flight planning and scheduling, weather reports and overflight permits. We also supply fuel and provide services to U.S. 
and foreign government and military customers, such as the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency and North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") (collectively, "government customers"). In addition, we offer a growing suite of payment solutions and related processing services and technology, and we have developed and operate a web-based marketplace platform that facilitates aircraft charter arrangements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Demand – We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. In recent years, low GDP growth, economic recessionary pressures, weak consumer confidence, a historically strong U.S. dollar and changing consumer trends have slowed category growth. We have begun to see improvements in global economic growth and consumer confidence, however, there are still geopolitical and economic uncertainties that may affect category growth, Growth in our global snacking categories improved this year to approximately 2.7% in 2018 , from 2.1% in 2017 and 2.3% in 2016. As part of our new strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth through leveraging our local-first commercial approach, making additional investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets and improving our position across multiple channels. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. 
Volatility of Global Markets – Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. Some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. See below for a discussion of Brexit and Argentina, which was designated a highly inflationary economy in 2018. In addition, the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities and potential changes in U.S. trade programs, trade relations, regulations, taxes or fiscal policies might negatively affect our sales or profitability. To help mitigate adverse effects of ongoing volatility across markets, we aim to protect profitability through the management of costs (including hedging) and pricing as well as invest in our brands and new routes to market. 
Competition – We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, agile product innovation and high standards of product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The carrying value of a long-lived asset is deemed not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of undiscounted estimated cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Estimates of undiscounted cash flows are based on a number of assumptions including anticipated operating margins and volumes; estimated useful life of the asset or asset group; and estimated residual values. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable, an impairment charge would be recorded for the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its estimated fair value, which is derived from an analysis of the asset’s estimated future cash flows, the market value of similar assets and replacement cost of the asset less any applicable depreciation or amortization. In addition, fair value estimates also include the usage of probabilities when there is a range of possible outcomes.
We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment when there are events or changes in circumstances that indicate there is a potential loss in value of the investment attributable to an other-than-temporary decline. Examples of such events or changes in circumstances include continuing operating losses of the entity and/or long-term negative changes in the entity’s industry. In the event we determine that the value of an investment is not recoverable due to an other-than-temporary decline, we record a non-cash impairment charge to adjust the carrying value of the investment to its estimated fair value. We assess the fair value of our equity method investments using commonly accepted techniques, and may use more than one method, including, but not limited to, recent third party sales and discounted estimated cash flow models. Estimates of discounted cash flows are based on a number of assumptions including discount rates; probabilities assigned to different cash flow scenarios; anticipated margins and volumes and estimated useful lives of the investment’s underlying assets.
A significant change in the assumptions we use to measure recoverability of long-lived assets and the fair value of equity method investments could result in our recording a non-cash impairment charge. Any write-down of the carrying values of such assets would increase operating costs and expenses at that time.
