ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Midland- to-ECHO System, which is currently comprised of our Midland-to-ECHO 1 and 2 pipelines, supports Permian Basin crude oil production by providing producers and other shippers with transportation solutions that are both cost-efficient and operationally flexible. After aggregating crude at our Midland terminal, the system transports multiple grades of crude oil, including WTI, WTI light sweet crude oil (“West Texas Light”), West Texas Sour, and condensate, to our ECHO terminal (using batched shipments to safeguard crude quality) for further delivery to markets along the Gulf Coast. 
The Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline originates at our Midland terminal and extends 418 miles to our Sealy storage terminal. Volumes arriving at Sealy are then transported to our ECHO terminal using the Rancho II pipeline, which is a component of our South Texas Crude Oil Pipeline System. Using the ECHO terminal, shippers on the Midland-to-ECHO System have access to every refinery in Houston, Texas City, Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas, as well as our crude oil export terminal facilities. The Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline also includes certain storage assets located at Sealy, Texas. The pipeline entered limited service in November 2017 and full service in April 2018. As a result of operating enhancements and supplementary infrastructure completed in March 2019, the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline currently has a transportation capacity of 620 MBPD.
The majority of the Midland-to-ECHO 1 pipeline is owned by Whitethorn, in which we own an 80% equity interest. In June 2018, an affiliate of Western Gas Partners, LP acquired a 20% equity interest in Whitethorn for $189.6 million in cash.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In a high fuel price environment, cash and liquidity is a significant priority for us. Our primary use of cash and liquidity is to fund working capital and strategic investments. Increases in fuel prices can negatively affect liquidity by increasing the amount of cash required to fund fuel purchases. In addition, while we are usually extended unsecured trade credit from our suppliers for our fuel purchases, rising fuel prices may reduce the amount of fuel we can purchase on an unsecured basis, and in certain cases, we may be required to prepay fuel purchases, which would negatively impact our liquidity. Fuel price increases may also negatively impact our customers, where they may not be able to purchase as much fuel from us because of their credit limits with us and the resulting adverse impact on their business could cause them to be unable to make payments owed to us for fuel purchased on credit. They may also choose to reduce the amount of fuel they consume in their operations to reduce costs. In any such event, the volume of orders from our customers may thereafter decrease and we may not be able to replace lost volumes with new or existing customers. 
We believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2018 and available funds from our Credit Facility, together with cash flows generated by operations, remain sufficient to fund our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. In addition, to further enhance our liquidity profile, we may choose to raise additional funds which may or may not be needed for additional working capital, capital expenditures or other strategic investments. Our opinions concerning liquidity are based on currently available information. To the extent this information proves to be inaccurate, or if circumstances change, future availability of trade credit or other sources of financing may be reduced and our liquidity would be adversely affected. Factors that may affect the availability of trade credit or other forms of financing include our financial performance (as measured by various factors, including cash provided by operating activities), the state of worldwide credit markets, and our levels of outstanding debt. Depending on the severity and direct impact of these factors on us, financing may be limited or unavailable on terms favorable to us. 
The following table reflects the major categories of cash flows for 2018 , 2017 and 2016 . For additional details, please see the consolidated statements of cash flows in the consolidated financial statements.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
As we operate globally, we are primarily exposed to currency exchange rate, commodity price and interest rate market risks. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program. Our risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on our operating results. We principally utilize derivative instruments to reduce significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations that may arise from volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. For additional information on our derivative activity and the types of derivative instruments we use to hedge our currency exchange, commodity price and interest rate exposures, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , and Note 10, Financial Instruments . 
Many of our non-U.S. subsidiaries operate in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates create volatility in our reported results as we translate the balance sheets, operating results and cash flows of these subsidiaries into the U.S. dollar for consolidated reporting purposes. The translation of non-U.S. dollar denominated balance sheets and statements of earnings of our subsidiaries into the U.S. dollar for consolidated reporting generally results in a cumulative translation adjustment to other comprehensive income within equity. A stronger U.S. dollar relative to other functional currencies adversely affects our consolidated earnings and net assets while a weaker U.S. dollar benefits our consolidated earnings and net assets. While we hedge significant forecasted currency exchange transactions as well as certain net assets of non-U.S. operations and other currency impacts, we cannot fully predict or eliminate volatility arising from changes in currency exchange rates on our consolidated financial results. See Consolidated Results of Operations and Results of Operations by Reportable Segment under Discussion and Analysis of Historical Results for currency exchange effects on our financial results. For additional information on the impact of currency policies, recent currency devaluations and highly inflationary accounting on our financial condition and results of operations, also see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies —Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting . 
We also continually monitor the market for commodities that we use in our products. Input costs may fluctuate widely due to international demand, weather conditions, government policy and regulation and unforeseen conditions. To manage input cost volatility, we enter into forward purchase agreements and other derivative financial instruments. We also pursue productivity and cost saving measures and take pricing actions when necessary to mitigate the impact of higher input costs on earnings.
