ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
This annual report contains various forward-looking statements and information that are based on our beliefs and those of our General Partner, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. These forward-looking statements are identified as any statement that does not relate strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this annual report, words such as “anticipate,” “project,” “expect,” “plan,” “goal,” “forecast,” “estimate,” “intend,” “could,” “believe,” “may,” “will” and similar expressions and statements regarding our plans and objectives for future operations, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we and our General Partner believe that the expectations on which such forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, neither we nor our General Partner can give assurances that such expectations will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or expected. Among the key risk factors that may have a direct bearing on our results of operations and financial condition are: 
regulatory, environmental, political and legal uncertainties that may affect the timing and cost of our subsidiaries’ internal growth projects, such as our subsidiaries’ construction of additional pipeline systems; 
risks associated with the construction of new pipelines and treating and processing facilities or additions to our subsidiaries’ existing pipelines and facilities, including difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way or other regulatory approvals and the performance by third-party contractors;

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Contracts with customers may include multiple distinct performance obligations. Advertising contracts may include sponsorship, production, or product integration in addition to the airing of spots and the satisfaction of an audience guarantee. For such contracts, the contract value is allocated to individual performance obligations and recorded as revenue when each performance obligation has been satisfied and value has been transferred to the customer. Distribution contracts also include multiple performance obligations. The Company also enters into certain distribution contracts that include promises to deliver content libraries. There are generally two types of such arrangements: 1) content licensing arrangements that include subscription video on demand (“SVOD”) licensing arrangements and 2) digital DTC content (such as VOD and authenticated TVE applications), which is a performance obligation within our linear distribution arrangements. These contracts vary by customer and in certain instances include a promise by the Company to deliver existing content and new content. For SVOD arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on that performance obligation's relative standalone selling price. In the case of VOD and digital DTC content, content is regularly refreshed over the term of the agreement, as new titles are added and older titles are removed. Consequently, satisfaction of the performance obligations generally occurs in the same pattern as the delivery of the linear feed. 
Deferred revenue consists of cash received for television advertising for which the guaranteed viewership has not been provided, product licensing arrangements in which fee collections are in excess of the license value provided, and advanced fees received related to the sublicensing of Olympic rights. The amounts classified as current are expected to be earned within the next year. 
Payment terms vary by the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer types, we require payment before the products or services are delivered to the customer.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Substantially all of our consolidated revenues are earned in the U.S. and derived from a wide customer base. Our largest non-affiliated customer for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 was Vitol Holding B.V. and its affiliates (collectively, “Vitol”), which accounted for 10.1%, 7.8% and 11.2%, respectively, of our consolidated revenues. Vitol is a global energy and commodity trading company.
The following sections provide an overview of our business segments, including information regarding principal products produced and/or services rendered and properties owned. Our operations are reported under four business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services, (ii) Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, (iii) Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and (iv) Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed according to the types of services rendered (or technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold.
Each of our business segments benefits from the supporting role of our related marketing activities. The main purpose of our marketing activities is to support the utilization and expansion of assets across our midstream energy asset network by increasing the volumes handled by such assets, which results in additional fee-based earnings for each business segment. In performing these support roles, our marketing activities also seek to participate in supply and demand opportunities as a supplemental source of gross operating margin, a non-generally accepted accounting principle (“non-GAAP”) financial measure, for the partnership. The financial results of our marketing efforts fluctuate due to changes in volumes handled and overall market conditions, which are influenced by current and forward market prices for the products bought and sold.
