MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Competition – We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, product innovation and high standards of product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions. 
Pricing – Our net revenue growth and profitability may be affected as we adjust prices to address new conditions, such as increasing input and operating costs due to supply, transportation and labor constraints and higher cost trends we experienced, particularly in the second half of 2021. We adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including market factors, transportation, logistics and changes in our product input costs, and we have increased prices to control costs given recent significant cost inflation. However, we may not be able to adjust pricing fully or timely in response to rising costs, and this may negatively affect our revenue, margins or earnings. 
Operating Costs – Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts and financing costs. We manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing and tax planning. To remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, such as our Simplify to Grow Program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. During the second half of 2021, in particular, we experienced higher operating costs, including higher overall raw material, transportation, labor and fuel costs that we anticipate will continue into 2022.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In connection with our efforts to sharpen our portfolio of businesses and accelerate growth in our core business activities, we have divested of certain businesses and focused on investing in businesses that we believe will drive enhanced operating efficiencies and generate long-term shareholder value. For example, in the third quarter of 2020, we completed the sale of MSTS and in January 2022, we closed the acquisition of Flyers. We believe that the addition of Flyers' operations, which include transportation, commercial fleet fueling, lubricants distribution, and the supply of wholesale, branded and renewable fuels, will enable us to create an expanded national platform to deliver value-added solutions to commercial and industrial customers across the United States. See Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. In addition to our acquisition and divestiture activities, we also heightened our focus in 2021 on restructuring our existing land business in North America, including reorganizing and relocating certain business activities, as well as implementing changes to the operational and management structure of the business to allow for greater scalability and quicker integration of new businesses to capture synergies. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we were able to complete all necessary activities and close the restructuring and expect the ultimate financial benefit to be realized as new businesses are acquired and integrated into our land segment. See Note 5. Restructuring for additional information. 
Through much of 2019 and into early 2020, we experienced improved profitability in our marine segment due to higher average fuel prices, combined with our heightened focus on cost management and the continued reshaping of our business portfolio. In particular, the IMO 2020 regulations resulted in certain supply imbalances and price volatility which positively impacted our operating results in those periods. However, beginning in the latter part of the first quarter of 2020 and continuing through 2021, we experienced a material decline in volume and related profitability primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the marine transportation industry. While we 
have experienced some improvements in demand, we expect our marine segment’s operating performance to continue to be impacted by, among other things, uncertain demand from cruise lines and other sectors of the shipping industry, as well as competitive market conditions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We adopted the deferral method for our reaction-based plants in November 2020. Under the deferral method, major maintenance costs are capitalized and amortized over the period until the next major overhaul project.
Asset impairment charges Non-cash asset impairment charges decreased $658.0 million year-to-year primarily due to the recognition in 2020 of the full impairment of goodwill associated with our Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment, which accounted for $296.3 million of expense, the partial impairment of our marine transportation business, which accounted for $256.7 million of expense, and the partial impairment of natural gas gathering and processing assets in South Texas, which accounted for an additional $125.7 million of expense. For information regarding these charges, see Notes 2, 4 and 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased $1.07 billion when compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 due to the previously described year-to-year changes in revenues, operating costs and expenses, general and administrative costs and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates.
