VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Display advertising. Display advertising is made up of both graphical and performance-based advertising and takes the form of impression-based contracts, time-based contracts and performance-based contracts. Verizon Media display ads leverage proprietary data signals to identify and engage users on Verizon Media properties and across the web. Through Verizon Media Ad Platform, we provide customers the ability to buy advertising inventory, measure campaigns across screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services. We also provide publishers with the ability to monetize their ad inventory. 
Ecommerce. Our Ecommerce offering includes different types of business models, including facilitating transactions between businesses and consumers, enabling businesses that facilitate transactions for other businesses, and facilitating transactions between consumers. 
Subscription memberships. Our paid subscription offerings include premium content and services across our mail, news, finance, sports and entertainment properties, privacy and security solutions and computer protection.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• When applicable, reinsurance reinstatement premiums are recognized in the same period as the loss event that gave rise to the reinstatement premium and are recorded in claims and claims expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
The Company’s current catastrophe reinsurance program supports the Company’s risk tolerance framework that targets less than a 1% likelihood of annual aggregate catastrophe losses from hurricanes, earthquakes and wildfires, net of reinsurance, exceeding $ 2.5 billion. 
The program includes coverage for losses to personal lines property, personal lines automobile, commercial lines property or commercial lines automobile arising out of multiple perils, in addition to hurricanes and earthquakes. These reinsurance agreements are part of the catastrophe management strategy, which is intended to provide shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in the property business, and to reduce variability of earnings, while providing protection to customers. The Company has the following catastrophe reinsurance agreements in effect as of December 31, 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of salesforce.com, inc. (the Company) as of January 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at January 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 17, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
