SALESFORCE INC report:
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. 
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of family, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate and ensure the trust and customer success of our customers. 
We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies (2022 and for the eighth year in a row), Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work (2021 and for the 13th year in a row), Human Rights Campaign Best Places to Work For LGBTQ Equality (2022), and Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work in Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States (2022).

BOEING CO report:
Deliveries of the 737 MAX resumed in the fourth quarter of 2020, when the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) rescinded the order that grounded 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. In addition, other non-U.S. civil aviation authorities, including the Brazilian National Civil Aviation Agency, Transport Canada and the European Union Aviation Safety Agency have subsequently approved return of operations, allowing us to resume deliveries in those jurisdictions. Over 185 countries have approved the resumption of 737 MAX operations. The Civil Aviation Administration of China issued an airworthiness directive in the fourth quarter of 2021 outlining actions required for airlines to return to service. We expect 737 MAX deliveries to China to resume in 2022, subject to final regulatory approvals, although risk remains around the timing and rate of those deliveries. Orders to suspend operations of 737 MAX aircraft from non-U.S. civil aviation authorities are still in effect in a small number of countries. 
Deliveries and production have also been impacted by production issues and associated rework. For example, deliveries of the 787 are currently paused and the production rate has been reduced while we focus on rework of undelivered aircraft and continue to engage in detailed discussions with the FAA regarding required actions for resuming deliveries. Risk remains that these issues may continue to impact the timing of airplane deliveries in inventory and/or our ability to achieve planned production rates. Revenues, earnings and cash flows will continue to be impacted until we are able to resume timely deliveries. 
The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. The shock from COVID-19 has reduced the near- to medium-term demand, but our Commercial Market Outlook forecast projects a 4% growth rate for passenger and cargo traffic over a 20 year period. Based on long-term global economic growth projections of 2.7% average annual gross domestic product (GDP) growth, we project demand for approximately 43,610 new airplanes over the next 20 years. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics and increased global environmental regulations.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Logistics —Harvested sugarcane is loaded onto trucks and trailers and transported to our mills. Since the sucrose content of the sugarcane begins to degrade rapidly after harvesting, we seek to minimize the time and distance between the cutting of the cane and its delivery to our mills for processing. 
Products —Our mills allow us to produce ethanol, sugar and electricity, as further described below. At mills that produce both sugar and ethanol, we can adjust our production mix within certain capacity limits between ethanol and sugar, as well as, for certain mills, between different types of sugar (raw and crystal) and ethanol (hydrous and anhydrous). The ability to adjust our production mix allows us to respond to changes in customer demand and market prices. 
Sugar —Our current maximum sugar production capacity is 6,050 metric tons per day, which in a season of 5,000 hours of milling, results in an annual maximum production capacity of approximately 1.3 million metric tons of sugar. We produce two types of sugar: very high polarity ("VHP") raw sugar and crystal sugar. VHP sugar is similar to the raw sugar traded on major commodities exchanges, including the standard NY11 contract, and is sold almost exclusively for export. Crystal sugar is a non-refined white sugar and is principally sold domestically in Brazil.
