COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company recognizes foreign-currency transaction gains and losses related to revaluing or settling monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward foreign-exchange contracts. These items were $ 84 in 2022 and immaterial in 2021 and 2020. 
The Company recognizes sales for the amount of consideration collected from the member, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, and is net of sales taxes collected and remitted to government agencies and member returns. The Company reserves for estimated returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns and reduces sales and merchandise costs accordingly. The Company records, on a gross basis, a refund liability and an asset for recovery, which are included in other current liabilities and other current assets, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The Company offers merchandise in the following core merchandise categories: foods and sundries, non-foods, and fresh foods. The Company also provides expanded products and services through warehouse ancillary and other businesses. The majority of revenue from merchandise sales is recognized at the point of sale. Revenue generated through e-commerce or special orders is generally recognized upon shipment to the member. For merchandise shipped directly to the member, shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred as fulfillment costs and included in merchandise costs in the consolidated statements of income. In certain ancillary businesses, revenue is deferred until the member picks up merchandise at the warehouse. Deferred sales are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
INCOME TAXES — Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effect of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements at the enacted statutory rate to be in effect when the taxes are paid. No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA), or any additional outside basis differences that exist, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, the TCJA subjects taxpayers to tax on global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. Abbott treats the GILTI tax as a period expense and provides for the tax in the year that the tax is incurred. Interest and penalties on income tax obligations are included in taxes on earnings.
EARNINGS PER SHARE — Unvested restricted stock units and awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are treated as participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share under the two-class method. Under the two-class method, net earnings are allocated between common shares and participating securities. Earnings from Continuing Operations allocated to common shares in 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $ 4.449 billion, $ 3.666 billion and $ 2.320 billion, respectively. Net earnings allocated to common shares in 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $ 4.473 billion, $ 3.666 billion and $ 2.353 billion, respectively.
PENSION AND POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS — Abbott accrues for the actuarially determined cost of pension and post-employment benefits over the service attribution periods of the employees. Abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. Differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual return are amortized over a five-year period. Actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees under the corridor method.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On September 9, 2020, we sold approximately 12.5 million shares of KDP, which reduced our ownership interest by 0.9 % to 11.2 % of the total outstanding shares. We received $ 363 million of proceeds and recorded a pre-tax gain of $ 154 million (or $ 119 million after-tax) during the third quarter of 2020. 
On November 17, 2020, we participated in a secondary offering of KDP shares and sold approximately 40.0 million shares, which reduced our ownership interest by 2.8 % to 8.4 % of the total outstanding shares. We received 
We hold two director positions on the KDP board as well as additional governance rights. As we continue to have significant influence, we continue to account for our investment in KDP under the equity method, resulting in recognizing our share of their earnings within our earnings and our share of their dividends within our cash flows.
