US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We had entered into $268 million of letters of credit, primarily in favor of certain commercial insurers to secure obligations with respect to our insurance programs, under the ABL Facility as of January 1, 2022. 
Except as disclosed above, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that currently have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
Except as otherwise set forth, we have prepared the financial information in this Annual Report in accordance with GAAP. Preparing these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during these reporting periods. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our most critical accounting policies and estimates pertain to the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, vendor consideration and income taxes.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses, which changes the methodology to be used to measure credit losses for certain financial instruments and financial assets, including trade receivables. The new methodology requires the recognition of an allowance that reflects the current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the financial asset. The new standard will be effective for Abbott at the beginning of 2020. Adoption of the new standard will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases , which requires lessees to measure and recognize a lease asset and liability on the balance sheet for most leases, including operating leases. Abbott adopted the new standard as of January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective approach and applied the standard’s transition provisions as of January 1, 2019. As a result, no changes were made to the December 31, 2018 Consolidated Balance Sheet. Abbott elected to apply the package of practical expedients related to transition. These practical expedients allowed Abbott to carry forward its historical assessments of whether any existing contracts are or contain leases, the lease classification for each lease existing at January 1, 2019, and whether any initial direct costs for such leases qualified for capitalization.
The new lease accounting standard did not have a material impact on the amounts reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings but does have a material impact on the amounts reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Adoption of the new standard resulted in the recording of approximately $850 million of new right of use (ROU) assets and additional liabilities for operating leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of January 1, 2019.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
During 2020, the first year of the pandemic, we experienced a significant increase in demand and revenue growth in certain markets as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption. Results were particularly strong in modern trade (such as large grocery supermarkets and retail chains), digital commerce and especially for categories such as biscuits. However, other parts of our business were negatively affected by mandated lockdowns and other related restrictions. This was especially so during the second quarter of 2020 for some of our emerging markets due to store closures, particularly in our Latin America region as well as parts of our AMEA region that have a greater concentration of traditional trade (such as small family-run stores), our world travel retail (such as international duty-free stores), and our foodservice businesses as well as categories like gum and candy, which are more traditionally purchased and consumed out of home. The negative impacts experienced in the second quarter of 2020 began to subside in the second half of 2020, as demand grew in both developed and emerging markets and a number of our key markets returned to higher growth; however, our gum and candy, world travel retail and foodservice businesses as well as parts of our traditional trade business in parts of emerging markets continued to be negatively affected by the ongoing pandemic. 
During 2021, we continued to see increased demand for most of our snack category products in both our emerging and developed markets relative to 2020; however, revenue from parts of our business were not yet back to pre-pandemic levels. In 2021, net revenue growth was 8.0% and Organic Net Revenue growth was 5.2%. In 2021, while we experienced double-digit revenue growth in gum as well as significant growth in other areas such as foodservice and world travel retail, revenues in these businesses were not fully recovered to pre-pandemic levels. Our overall outlook for future snacks revenue growth remains strong, but as the pandemic continues, we anticipate increased volatility in revenues until COVID-related risks and the international supply chain issues and labor and transportation constraints subside and snacks consumption stabilizes to a more normal growth level. 
We continue to track new developments and ongoing impacts from the pandemic. Most disruptions we experienced in our operations due to the pandemic have been temporary and not material to our consolidated results. In the second half of 2021, we experienced higher operating costs, including higher overall raw material, transportation, labor and fuel costs, that we anticipate will continue into 2022. We discuss these and other ongoing impacts of COVID-19 below.
