WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
• Our most widely distributed ad-supported cable network in the U.S., Food Network had approximately 82 million subscribers in the U.S. and approximately 112 million subscribers and viewers in international markets as of December 31, 2021. 
• Food Network programming content attracts audiences interested in food-related entertainment, including competition and travel, as well as food-related topics such as recipes, food preparation, entertaining, and dining out. 
• In the U.S., Food Network audiences can enjoy their favorite programming anytime, anywhere through the Discovery GO app, which features live and on-demand access, as well as on the Food Network Kitchen app.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our “pricing authority” – consistently providing the most competitive values. Merchandise costs in 2023 continued to be impacted by inflation, however at a lower rate than what we experienced in 2022. The impact to our net sales and gross margin is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. Those strategies can include, but are not limited to, working with our suppliers to share in absorbing cost increases, earlier-than-usual purchasing and in greater volumes, as well as passing cost increases on to our members. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). 
We believe our gasoline business enhances traffic in our warehouses, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage and lower SG&A expense, relative to our non-gasoline businesses. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. 
Government actions in various countries relating to tariffs, particularly China and the United States, have affected the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. Higher tariffs could adversely impact our results.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The OSHA hazard communication standard, the community right-to-know regulations under Title III of the federal Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act, and comparable state statutes require us to organize and disclose information about the hazardous materials used in our operations. Certain parts of this information must be reported to federal, state and local governmental authorities and local citizens upon request. These laws and provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) require us to report spills and releases of hazardous chemicals in certain situations.
We are subject to extensive regulation by the DOT as authorized under various provisions of Title 49 of the United States Code and comparable state statutes relating to the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of our pipeline facilities. These statutes require companies that own or operate pipelines to (i) comply with such regulations, (ii) permit access to and copying of pertinent records, (iii) file certain reports and (iv) provide information as required by the U.S. Secretary of Transportation. The DOT regulates natural gas and hazardous liquids pipelines through its Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (“PHMSA”). We believe we are in material compliance with DOT regulations.
We are also subject to DOT pipeline integrity management regulations that specify how companies should assess, evaluate, validate and maintain the integrity of pipeline segments that, in the event of a release, could impact High Consequence Areas (“HCAs”). HCAs include populated areas, unusually sensitive areas and commercially navigable waterways. These regulations require the development and implementation of an integrity management program that utilizes internal pipeline inspection techniques, pressure testing or other equally effective means to assess the integrity of pipeline segments in HCAs. These regulations also require periodic review of pipeline segments in HCAs to ensure that adequate preventive and mitigative measures exist and that companies take prompt action to address integrity issues raised in the assessment and analysis process. We have identified our pipeline segments in HCAs and developed an appropriate integrity management program for such assets.
