ALLSTATE CORP report:
In the normal course of business, we seek to limit aggregate and single exposure to losses on large risks by purchasing reinsurance. In addition, we have used reinsurance to effect the disposition of certain blocks of business. 
 We continuously monitor the creditworthiness of reinsurers in order to determine our risk of recoverability on an individual and aggregate basis, and a provision for uncollectible reinsurance is recorded if needed. No amounts have been deemed unrecoverable in the three-years ended December 31, 2018 . 
We enter into certain intercompany reinsurance transactions for the Allstate Life operations in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. These reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

BOEING CO report:
Significant adjustments during the three years ended December 31, 2018 included reach-forward losses of $ 736 , $ 445 and $ 1,127 on the USAF KC-46A Tanker contract recorded during 2018, 2017 and 2016. 
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. 
Payments under long-term contracts may be received before or after revenue is recognized. The U.S. government customer typically withholds payment of a small portion of the contract price until contract completion. Therefore, long-term contracts typically generate Unbilled receivables (contract assets) but may generate Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities). Long-term contract Unbilled receivables and Advances and progress billings are not considered a significant financing component because they are intended to protect either the customer or the Company in the event that some or all of the obligations under the contract are not completed.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Overview —Through our operations in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay, we produce, blend and distribute a range of liquid and dry NPK fertilizers, including nitrogen-based liquid and solid phosphate fertilizers. NPK refers to nitrogen (N), phosphate (P) and potassium (K), the main components of chemical fertilizers, used for the production of crops, including soybeans, corn and wheat. Our operations in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay are closely linked to our grain origination activities, as we supply fertilizer to producers that supply us with grain. In Brazil, we operate a terminal in the Port of Santos that discharges and handles imported fertilizers and provides logistics and support services. Our Brazilian grain operations also supply farmers, through barter agreements, with third-party produced fertilizer. 
Products and Services —We offer a complete fertilizer portfolio, including SSP, ammonia, and ammonium thiosulfate that we produce, as well as monoammonium phosphate, diammonium phosphate, triple supersphosphate, urea, urea-ammonium nitrate, ammonium sulfate and potassium chloride that we purchase from third parties and resell. We primarily market our products under the Bunge brand, with liquid fertilizers marketed under the Solmix brand. 
Raw Materials —Our main raw materials in this segment are concentrated phosphate rock, sulfuric acid, natural gas and sulfur. The prices of fertilizer raw materials are typically based on international prices that reflect global supply and demand factors, as well as global transportation and other logistics costs. Each of these fertilizer raw materials is readily available in the international market from multiple sources.
