ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Enterprise Hydrocarbons Terminal (“EHT”) provides terminaling services to exporters, marketers, distributors, chemical companies and major integrated oil companies. EHT has extensive waterfront access consisting of seven deep-water ship docks, a barge dock and a lay berth dock. The terminal can accommodate vessels with up to a 45 foot draft, including Suezmax tankers, which are the largest tankers that can navigate the Houston Ship Channel. We believe that our location on the Houston Ship Channel enables us to handle larger vessels than our competitors because our waterfront has fewer draft and beam (width) restrictions. The size and structure of our waterfront allows us to receive and unload products for our customers and provide terminaling services.
EHT can load refrigerated cargoes of low-ethane propane and/or butane (collectively referred to as LPG) onto multiple tanker vessels simultaneously. Our LPG export services continue to benefit from increased NGL supplies produced from domestic shale plays, international demand for propane as a feedstock in ethylene production, and for power generation and heating purposes. The current estimated maximum loading capacity for LPG at EHT is approximately 835 MBPD. EHT has the capability to load up to six Very Large Gas Carrier (“VLGC”) vessels simultaneously, while maintaining the option to switch between loading propane and butane. EHT can load a single VLGC in less than 24 hours, creating greater efficiencies and cost savings for our customers. LPG loading volumes at EHT averaged 588 MBPD, 483 MBPD and 445 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
The primary customer of EHT is our NGL marketing group, which uses the terminal to meet the needs of export customers. NGL marketing transacts with these customers using long-term sales contracts with take-or-pay provisions and/or exchange agreements. In recent years, the U.S. has become the largest exporter of LPG in the world, with shipments originating from EHT playing a key role.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We reported losses from our equity method investees of $18 million and $105 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The changes are attributable to the Company's share of earnings and losses from its equity investees. 
The table below presents the details of other income, net (in millions). 
The following table reconciles our effective income tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Long-term financial liabilities include the Company's long-term debt, which are recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price and adjusted for unamortized discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs, and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term debt is based primarily on reported market values, recently completed market transactions, and estimates based upon interest rates, maturities, and credit. 
Receivables consist primarily of vendor, reinsurance, credit card incentive, third-party pharmacy and other receivables. Vendor receivables include discounts and volume rebates. Balances are generally presented on a gross basis, separate from any related payable due. In certain circumstances, these receivables may be settled against the related payable to that vendor, in which case the receivables are presented on a net basis. Reinsurance receivables are held by the Company’s wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and primarily represent amounts ceded through reinsurance arrangements gross of the amounts assumed under reinsurance, which are presented within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Credit card incentive receivables primarily represent amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement in the U.S. Third-party pharmacy receivables generally relate to amounts due from members’ insurers. Other receivables primarily consist of amounts due from governmental entities, mostly tax-related items. 
Receivables are recorded net of an allowance for credit losses which considers creditworthiness of vendors and third parties, historical experience and current economic trends. Write-offs of receivables were immaterial in 2021, 2020, and 2019.
