MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We are a party to various tax matter proceedings incidental to our business. These proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable outcomes could subject us to additional tax liabilities and could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial position. 
The following table summarizes the changes in the accumulated balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) attributable to Mondelēz International. Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) to net earnings (net of tax) were net losses/(gains) of $ 21 million in 2022, $( 44 ) million in 2021 and $ 285 million in 2020. 
   For the Years Ended December 31,   2022 2021 2020   (in millions) Currency Translation Adjustments: Balance at beginning of period $ ( 9,097 ) $ ( 8,655 ) $ ( 8,320 ) Currency translation adjustments ( 659 ) ( 481 ) ( 398 ) Reclassification to earnings related to: Equity method investment transactions (1)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment when there are events or changes in circumstances that indicate there is a potential loss in value of the investment attributable to an other than temporary decline. Examples of such events or changes in circumstances include continuing operating losses of the entity and/or long-term negative changes in the entity’s industry. In the event we determine that the value of an investment is not recoverable due to an other than temporary decline, we record a non-cash impairment charge to adjust the carrying value of the investment to its estimated fair value. We assess the fair value of our equity method investments using commonly accepted techniques, and may use more than one method, including, but not limited to, recent third party sales and discounted estimated cash flow models. Estimates of discounted cash flows are based on a number of assumptions including discount rates; probabilities assigned to different cash flow scenarios; anticipated margins and volumes and estimated useful lives of the investment’s underlying assets.
A significant change in the assumptions we use to measure recoverability of long-lived assets and the fair value of equity method investments could result in our recording a non-cash impairment charge. Any write-down of the carrying values of such assets would increase operating costs and expenses at that time.
In 2020 and 2019, we recognized non-cash asset impairment charges attributable to assets other than goodwill totaling $ 594.3 million and $ 132.8 million, respectively, which are a component of operating costs and expenses. For information regarding impairment charges involving property, plant and equipment and investments in unconsolidated affiliates, see Notes 4 and 5, respectively, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
When stock is retired or purchased for formal or constructive retirement, the purchase price is initially recorded as a reduction to the par value of the shares repurchased, with any excess purchase price over par value recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital related to the series of shares repurchased and any remainder excess purchase price recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. If the purchase price exceeds the amounts allocated to par value and additional paid-in capital related to the series of shares repurchased and retained earnings, the remainder is allocated to additional paid-in capital related to other series of shares. 
Under common stock repurchase contracts, the Company makes up front cash payments for the future settlement of the contract in either shares or in cash based on the Company's Series C common stock price at settlement in relation to the strike price of the contract. If the Company's Series C common stock price is below the strike price at expiry, the Company receives a predetermined number of its Series C common stock. If the Company's Series C common stock price is above the strike price at expiry, the Company can elect to settle the transaction in either cash or the equivalent value in shares of Series C common stock at the then current market price upon settlement, based on the notional value of the repurchase contract. The contracts represent a hybrid instrument consisting of a debt instrument and an embedded equity-linked derivative that does not require bifurcation because it is linked to the Company’s own stock. The Company accounts for these contracts as equity transactions. Prepayments are recorded as a reduction in additional paid-in capital. If the contract settles in shares of Series C common stock, that amount will be reclassified to treasury stock. If the contract settles in cash, the cash receipt will be recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital. 
The Company generates revenues principally from: (i) distribution revenues from fees charged to distributors of its network content, which include cable, direct-to-home ("DTH") satellite, telecommunications and digital service providers and bundled long-term content arrangements, (ii) advertising revenue from advertising sold on its television networks and websites and (iii) other revenue related to several items including: (a) unbundled rights to sales of network content, including sports rights, (b) production studios content development and services, (c) the licensing of the Company's brands for consumer products and (d) affiliate and advertising sales representation services.
