SALESFORCE INC report:
and innovation drives customer success, which in turn drives mutual growth. In addition, we have spearheaded initiatives that foster a culture of equal pay, equal advancement, equal opportunity and equal rights for our more than 35,000 employees as a leading example for the broader world. 
We believe the business of business is improving the state of the world for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, our customers, our employees, the environment and the communities in which we work and live. Salesforce is committed to transparent environmental, social and governance disclosures and maintaining programs that support the success of these initiatives. Refer to our "Environmental, Social and Governance" discussion in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
We were incorporated in Delaware in February 1999. Our principal executive offices are located in San Francisco, California. Our principal address is Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, and our primary website address is www.salesforce.com.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
As of January 2017, we no longer offer Consumer customers new fixed-term, subsidized service plans for phones; however, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program. 
Consumer and Business offer several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled Internet devices, such as tablets, laptop computers and netbooks, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches and other wearables . In certain cases, we permit customers to acquire equipment from us using device payment plans, which permit the customer to pay for the device in installments over time. 
In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, Consumer sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including Internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
established based on available methodologies, facts, technology, laws and regulations. We calculate and record a single best reserve estimate, in conformance with generally accepted actuarial standards and practices, for each line of insurance, its components (coverages and perils) and state, for reported losses and for IBNR losses, and as a result we believe that no other estimate is better than our recorded amount. Due to the uncertainties involved, the ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded amounts, which are based on our best estimates. 
Characteristics of Discontinued Lines exposure Our exposure to asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines claims arise principally from assumed reinsurance coverage written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s, including reinsurance on primary insurance written on large U.S. companies, and from direct excess commercial insurance written from 1972 through 1985, including substantial excess general liability coverages on large U.S. companies. Additional exposure stems from direct primary commercial insurance written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s. Asbestos claims relate primarily to bodily injuries asserted by claimants who were exposed to asbestos or products containing asbestos. Environmental claims relate primarily to pollution and related clean-up costs. Other discontinued lines exposures primarily relate to general liability and product liability mass tort claims, such as those for medical devices and other products, workers’ compensation claims and claims for various other coverage exposures other than asbestos and environmental. 
In 1986, the general liability policy form used by us and others in the property and casualty industry was amended to introduce an “absolute pollution exclusion,” which excluded coverage for environmental damage claims, and to add an asbestos exclusion. Most general liability policies issued prior to 1987 contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage. General liability policies issued in 1987 and thereafter contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage and annual aggregate limits for all coverages. Our experience to date is that these policy form changes have limited the extent of our exposure to environmental and asbestos claim risks.
