ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
EHT also provides terminaling services involving crude oil, petrochemical and refined products. EHT’s assets and activities associated with crude oil terminaling and storage are classified and presented as a component of our Crude Oil Pipelines & Services business segment. EHT’s activities associated with petrochemicals and refined products are classified and described within our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment.
 • The Morgan’s Point Ethane Export Terminal , located on the Houston Ship Channel, has an aggregate loading rate (nameplate capacity) of approximately 10,000 barrels per hour of fully refrigerated ethane and is the largest of its kind in the world. The terminal supports domestic production of U.S. ethane from shale plays by providing the global petrochemical industry with access to a low-cost feedstock option and opportunities for supply diversification. Ethane volumes handled by the terminal are sourced from our Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation and storage complex. Ethane loading volumes at the terminal averaged 143 MBPD, 146 MBPD and 90 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
Our Crude Oil Pipelines & Services business segment currently includes approximately 5,300   miles of crude oil pipelines, crude oil storage and marine terminals, and related crude oil marketing activities.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In November 2021, the FASB issued guidance requiring disclosure for transactions with a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution accounting model by analogy to other guidance. The annual disclosures include the nature of the transactions, significant terms and conditions, accounting treatment and impacted financial statement lines reflecting the impact of the transactions. The Company adopted the guidance effective January 1, 2022, and no additional disclosures were required. The Company receives production incentives that are analogous to investment tax credits. (See Film and Television Content Rights policy above.) 
In September 2022, the FASB issued guidance updating the disclosure requirements for supplier finance program obligations. This guidance provides specific authoritative guidance for disclosure of supplier finance programs, including key terms of such programs, amounts outstanding, and where the obligations are presented in the statement of financial position. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods, except for the disclosure of roll forward information, which is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023. Certain components of this guidance must be applied retrospectively, while others may be applied prospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
Prior to the Merger, Discovery had three series of common stock authorized, issued, and outstanding - Series A common stock, Series B convertible common stock, and Series C common stock - and two series of preferred stock authorized, issued, and outstanding - Series A-1 convertible preferred stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. In connection with the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of Discovery Series A common stock, Discovery Series B convertible common stock, and Discovery Series C common stock, was reclassified and automatically converted into one share of WBD common stock, and each issued and outstanding share of Discovery Series A-1 convertible preferred stock (“Series A-1 Preferred Stock”) and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock was reclassified and automatically converted into 13.1135 and 19.3648 shares of WBD common stock, respectively.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(2) Unallocated assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, deferred income taxes, centrally held property, plant and equipment, prepaid pension assets and derivative financial instrument balances. Final adjustments for jurisdictional netting of deferred tax assets and liabilities is done at a consolidated level. 
Latin America $ 117   $ 105   $ 101   AMEA 169   173   159   Europe 256   257   238   North America 148   148   154   Total depreciation expense $ 690   $ 683   $ 652   
(1) Includes depreciation expense related to owned property, plant and equipment. Does not include amortization of intangible assets or leased assets. Refer to the consolidated statement of cash flows for total depreciation and amortization expenses.
