ALLSTATE CORP report:
Investment spread  reflects the difference between net investment income and the sum of interest credited to contractholder funds and the implied interest on immediate annuities with life contingencies, which is included as a component of contract benefits and is used to analyze the impact of net investment income and interest credited to contractholders on net income. 
Investment spread  before valuation changes on embedded derivatives not hedged decreased   38.2%  to $267 million  in 2018  compared to $432 million  in 2017 , primarily due to lower investment income, mainly from limited partnership interests, partially offset by lower credited interest. 
Investment spread before valuation changes on embedded derivatives not hedged increased 61.2% to $432 million in 2017 compared to $268 million in 2016, primarily due to higher net investment income and lower credited interest.

BOEING CO report:
Advances and progress billings increased from $ 52,980 at December 31, 2021 to $ 53,081 at December 31, 2022, primarily driven by advances on orders received at BCA, partially offset by revenue recognized at BDS and BGS. 
Unbilled receivables related to commercial customer incentives expected to be collected after one year were $ 117 and $ 131 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Unbilled receivables related to claims are items that we believe are earned, but are subject to uncertainty concerning their determination or ultimate realization. 
Customer financing primarily relates to our BCC segment. Financing arrangements typically range in terms from 1 to 12 years and may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Certain leases include provisions to allow the lessee to purchase the underlying aircraft at a specified price.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the accelerated shift to cloud and hosted service offerings and customer experience management solutions. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings and verticals. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.
