BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our Food and Ingredients businesses consist of two reportable business segments: Edible Oil Products and Milling Products. The Edible Oil Products segment includes businesses that sell vegetable oils and fats, including cooking oils, shortenings, margarines, mayonnaise and specialty ingredients. The Milling Products segment includes businesses that sell wheat flours, bakery mixes, corn-based products and rice. The operations and assets of our Edible Oil Products segment are primarily located in North and South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific and the operations and assets of our Milling Products segment are located in North and South America. 
Our Fertilizer segment is involved in producing, blending and distributing fertilizer products for the agricultural industry in South America, with operations and retail distribution activities in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay, and port facilities in Argentina and Brazil. 
2018 Summary Operating Highlights  - In our Agribusiness segment in 2018, we continued our focus on improving the efficiency and operations of our global network of integrated assets with a combination of productivity and maintenance investments, including substantially completing the upgrade of an existing oilseed processing plant in Italy. In our Food and Ingredients businesses, we completed the acquisition of a 70% ownership interest in IOI Loders Croklaan, creating a leading solutions provider in business to business (“B2B”) oils and accelerating the growth of our value-added oils business, and the acquisition of two corn mills in the United States, which enabled Bunge to expand its value-added product offering in North America. In the Sugar and Bioenergy segment, we exited from our renewable oils joint venture in Brazil and exited our international sugar trading operations. Additionally, we made continued progress on our Global Competitiveness Program that was launched in 2017 to improve our cost position and deliver increased value to shareholders.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Expanding into new horizontal markets.  As part of our growth strategy, which is driven both organically and through acquisitions, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, commerce, IoT and integration, and expect to continue this type of horizontal expansion in the future. 
Extending go-to-market capabilities. We believe that our offerings provide significant value for businesses of any size. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in top industries and major regions globally, primarily through our direct sales force. We have steadily increased and plan to continue to increase the number of direct sales professionals we employ, and we intend to develop additional distribution channels for our solutions around the globe. 
Promoting strong customer adoption. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. We have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies of every size learn our systems, as well as advisory services, technical architects and business strategists to enable and accelerate digital transformation.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
As of December 31, 2020, letters of credit totaling approximately $ 677 million, which were executed in the normal course of business and support several financing arrangements and payment obligations to third parties, were outstanding. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
During 2020, Verizon entered into 12 renewable energy purchase agreements (REPAs) with third parties, in addition to one signed in 2019. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Under our REPA arrangements, we plan to purchase up to an aggregate of nearly 1.7 gigawatts of capacity across multiple states, including Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and West Virginia. 
Wireless licenses and Goodwill are a significant component of our consolidated assets. Both our wireless licenses and goodwill are treated as indefinite-lived intangible assets and, therefore are not amortized, but rather are tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter, unless there are events requiring an earlier assessment or changes in circumstances during an interim period providing impairment indicators are present. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and represent appropriate marketplace considerations as of the valuation date. Although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates and assumptions are uncertain by nature, may change over time and can vary from actual results. It is possible that in the future there may be changes in our estimates and assumptions, including the timing and amount of future cash flows, margins, growth rates, market participant assumptions, comparable benchmark companies and related multiples and discount rates, which could result in different fair value estimates. Significant and adverse changes to any one or more of the above-noted estimates and assumptions could result in a goodwill impairment for one or more of our reporting units.
