WORLD KINECT CORP report:
On July 20, 2016, we were informed that the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) is conducting an investigation into the aviation fuel supply industry, including certain activities by us and other industry participants at an airport in Central America. In connection therewith, we were served with formal requests by the DOJ about our activities at that airport and our aviation fuel supply business more broadly. We are cooperating with the investigation. 
From time to time, we are under review by the IRS and various other domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to income tax and indirect tax matters and are involved in various challenges and litigation in a number of countries, including, in particular, U.S., Brazil, Denmark and South Korea, where the amounts under controversy may be material. See Notes 9 and 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding certain tax matters. 
We are a party to various claims, complaints and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business including, but not limited to, environmental claims, commercial and governmental contract claims, such as property damage, demurrage, personal injury, billing and fuel quality claims, as well as bankruptcy preference claims and administrative claims. We are not currently a party to any such claim, complaint or proceeding that we expect to have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. However, any adverse resolution of one or more such claims, complaints or proceedings during a particular reporting period could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures for that period.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Segment operating income increased $127 million (48.7%), primarily due to higher net pricing, favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs due to productivity, lower divestiture-related costs and lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher remeasurement loss on net monetary position, acquisition integration costs incurred in 2022, the impact of divestitures, inventory step-up charges incurred in 2022 and lapping a prior-year favorable impact from the resolution of a tax matter. 
Net revenues increased $320 million (12.9%), due to higher net pricing (13.7 pp), favorable volume/mix (6.1 pp) and the impact of divestitures (0.3 pp), partially offset by unfavorable currency (7.2 pp). Higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. Favorable volume/mix reflected strong volume growth as the negative impacts from the pandemic that we experienced in the prior year subsided across the region. Favorable volume/mix was driven by gains in chocolate, biscuits & baked snacks, gum and candy, partially offset by declines in refreshment beverages and cheese & grocery. In addition, businesses divested in 2022 added incremental revenues of $11 million in 2021. Unfavorable currency impacts were primarily due to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the Argentinean peso and Brazilian real. 
Segment operating income increased $72 million (38.1%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs (productivity and lower incremental COVID-19 related costs), lower costs incurred for the Simplify to Grow Program and favorable volume/mix. These favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, divestiture-related costs incurred in 2021, unfavorable currency, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses and lower benefits from the resolution of tax matters.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
As a publicly traded partnership, we electronically file certain documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). We file annual reports on Form 10-K; quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and current reports on Form 8-K (as appropriate); along with any related amendments and supplements thereto. Occasionally, we may also file registration statements and related documents in connection with equity or debt offerings. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC.
We provide free electronic access to our periodic and current reports on our website, www.enterpriseproducts.com . These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish such materials to, the SEC. You may also contact our Investor Relations department at (866) 230-0745 for paper copies of these reports free of charge. The information found on our website is not incorporated into this annual report.
We may be named as defendants in legal proceedings in connection with our normal business activities. Although we are insured against various risks to the extent we believe it is prudent, there is no assurance that the nature and amount of such insurance will be adequate, in every case, to fully indemnify us against losses arising from legal proceedings. We will vigorously defend our partnership in litigation matters.
