BOEING CO report:
As part of selected lease transactions, Boeing may provide incentives to commercial customers. At December 31, 2018 Customer Financing included $ 250 of lease incentives with one customer that is currently experiencing liquidity issues and is seeking additional capital. Should the customer fail to address its liquidity issues the lease incentive asset could become impaired, and we could incur charges of up to $ 250 . 
Depreciation expense was $ 1,556 , $ 1,548 and $ 1,418 for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. Interest capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 totaled $ 81 , $ 110 and $ 170 , respectively. 
Rental expense for leased properties was $ 307 , $ 283 and $ 287 , for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. At December 31, 2018 , minimum rental payments under capital leases aggregated $ 164 . Minimum rental payments under operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more aggregated $ 1,838 , net of sublease payments of $ 12 at December 31, 2018 . Payments due under operating and capital leases net of sublease amounts and non-cancellable future rentals during the next five years are as follows:

SALESFORCE INC report:
the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are recorded as a separate component on the consolidated  statement of comprehensive income. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income in the consolidated  statement of operations for the period. All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. 
The Company’s enterprise cloud computing services are typically warranted to perform in a manner consistent with general industry standards that are reasonably applicable and materially in accordance with the Company’s online help documentation under normal use and circumstances.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In November 2018, we announced a strategic reorganization of our business. We are modifying our internal and external reporting processes, systems and internal controls to accommodate the new structure and expect to transition to the new segment reporting structure during the second quarter of 2019. We continue to report operating results to our chief operating decision maker under our current operating segments. 
Additional discussion of our reportable segments is included in the 2018  Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders under the headings "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Overview and - Segment Results of Operations" and in Note 13  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and subsidiaries, which are incorporated by reference into this report. 
Our Wireless segment, doing business as Verizon Wireless, provides wireless communications products and services across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the   U.S.  Verizon Wireless is the largest wireless service provider in the U.S. as measured by retail connections and revenue. At December 31, 2018 , Verizon Wireless had 118.0 million  retail connections and 2018  revenues of approximately $91.7 billion , representing approximately 70%  of Verizon’s aggregate revenues.
