SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue primarily from subscription and support services and professional services contracts in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple cloud services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, including the determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations and the determination of standalone selling prices, particularly for products and services that are not sold separately. 
Auditing the Company’s accounting for revenue contracts with customers required significant judgment to assess management’s determination of performance obligations and standalone selling prices. 
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to identify performance obligations and allocate the transaction price to those performance obligations, including controls over determining standalone selling prices.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
entity must consider all relevant information available when estimating expected credit losses, including details about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts over the life of an asset. Financial assets may be evaluated individually or on a pooled basis when they share similar risk characteristics. The measurement of credit losses for available-for-sale debt securities measured at fair value is not affected except that credit losses recognized are limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost and the carrying value adjustment is recognized through a valuation allowance which may change over time but once recorded cannot subsequently be reduced to an amount below zero . The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and for most affected instruments must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach, with a cumulative effect adjustment recorded to beginning retained income. 
The Company’s implementation activities, which are being finalized, include review and validation of models, methodologies, data inputs and assumptions to be used to estimate expected credit losses. The implementation impacts relate primarily to the Company’s commercial mortgage loans, bank loans and reinsurance recoverables and are dependent on economic conditions and judgments at the date of adoption. Based on the economic conditions at the date of adoption and the balances at the reporting date, the Company estimates the application of the current expected credit loss requirements will result in total valuation allowances for credit losses of approximately $ 300 million , as of the date of adoption. After consideration of existing valuation allowances maintained prior to adoption of the new guidance, the Company expects to recognize a cumulative-effect decrease in retained income of approximately $ 100 million , after-tax, to adjust existing valuation allowances to the basis in the new requirements. 
In August 2018, the FASB issued amendments to modify certain disclosure requirements for defined benefit plans. Disclosure additions relate to the weighted-average interest crediting rates for cash balance plans and other plans with interest crediting rates and explanations for significant gains and losses related to changes in the benefit obligation during the reporting period. Disclosures to be removed include those that identify amounts that are expected to be reclassified out of AOCI and into the income statement in the coming year and the anticipated impact of a one-percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rate on service and interest cost and on the accumulated benefit obligation. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020. The impacts of adoption are to the Company’s disclosures only.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Due to the presentation of the other components of net periodic benefit cost, we recognize a portion of the pension and benefits charges (credits) in Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of income. 
During 2020, we recorded a pre-tax net loss of $1.2 billion as a result of the conclusion of the FCC incentive auction, Auction 103, for spectrum licenses in the upper 37 Gigahertz (GHz), 39 GHz and 47 GHz bands. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
During 2021, we recorded pre-tax early debt redemption costs of $3.5 billion in connection with tender offers, the redemptions of securities issued by Verizon and open market repurchases of various Verizon and subsidiary notes.
