WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Changes in restructuring and other liabilities recorded in accrued liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities by reportable segment, education and other, and corporate and inter-segment eliminations were as follows (in millions). 
Net accruals for the year ended December 31, 2018  do not include $7 million  of Scripps Networks share-based awards exchanged for Discovery shares as of March 6, 2018  recorded in APIC and included in restructuring charges for the year ended December 31, 2018 . 
On December 22, 2017, new federal tax reform legislation was enacted in the United States, resulting in significant changes from previous tax law. The TCJA revised the U.S. corporate income tax by among other things, lowering the statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and reinstating bonus depreciation that will allow for full expensing of qualified property, for property placed in service before 2023, including qualified film, such as content produced by the Company. The TCJA also eliminated or significantly amended certain deductions (interest, domestic production activities deduction and executive compensation). The TCJA fundamentally changed taxation of multinational entities by moving from a system of worldwide taxation with deferral to a hybrid territorial system, featuring a participation exemption regime with current taxation of certain foreign income. Included in the international provisions was the enactment of a minimum tax on low-taxed foreign earnings, and new measures to deter base erosion and promote U.S. production. In addition, the TCJA imposed a mandatory repatriation toll tax on unremitted foreign earnings. The U.S. taxation of these amounts notwithstanding, we intend to continue to invest most or all of these earnings, as well as our capital in these subsidiaries, indefinitely outside of the U.S.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Based on the level of available cash each quarter, management proposes a quarterly cash distribution rate to the Board, which has sole authority in approving such matters. Enterprise GP has a non-economic ownership interest in the Partnership and is not entitled to receive any cash distributions from it based on incentive distribution rights or other equity interests.
Our use of DCF for the limited purposes described above and in this report is not a substitute for net cash flows provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable GAAP measure to DCF. For a discussion of net cash flows provided by operating activities, see “ Cash Flow Statement Highlights ” within this Part II, Item 7.
See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for information regarding our quarterly cash distributions declared with respect to the years indicated.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
We believe that the most important driver of our profitability is increasing net sales, particularly comparable sales growth. Net sales includes our core merchandise categories (foods and sundries, non-foods, and fresh foods), warehouse ancillary (includes gasoline, pharmacy, optical, food court, hearing aids, and tire installation) and other businesses (includes e-commerce, business centers, travel and other). We define comparable sales as net sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, and sales-related to e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. Comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). Sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to the consolidation of the results of our international operations); and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions. The higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. Generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long-term. Another substantial factor in net sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the United States. Net sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. While we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items and through online offerings. 
Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our “pricing authority” on quality goods – consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). We believe our gasoline business draws members, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. It also has lower SG&A expenses as a percent of net sales compared to our non-gasoline business. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. Additionally, actions in various countries, particularly China, the United States and the United Kingdom, have created 
uncertainty with respect to how tariffs will affect the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. Certain merchandise categories were impacted by inflation higher than what we have experienced in recent years. The impact to our net sales and gross margin is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our results.
