VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
3,818   —   34   3,852   Reclassifications, adjustments and other 2   ( 20 ) ( 4 ) ( 22 ) Balance at December 31, 2021 21,042   7,515   46   28,603   Acquisitions (3) 
(1) Goodwill is net of accumulated impairment charges of $ 4.8 billion, related to our historical Media reporting unit, which included Verizon Media. On September 1, 2021, we completed the sale of Verizon Media. See Note 3 for additional information. 
(4) Includes a goodwill impairment charge of $ 16 million related to an early stage development company presented within Other, recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2022.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. 
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.

BOEING CO report:
Options have been granted to our executive officers that are scheduled to vest and become exercisable three years after the grant date and expire ten years after the grant date. If an executive terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability, or death, the executive (or beneficiary) may receive some or all of their stock options depending on certain age and service conditions. The fair values of the stock options granted were estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation model using the assumptions presented below. The model includes no expected dividend yield. 
On February 16, 2022, we granted 348,769 premium-priced stock options to our executive officers as part of our long-term incentive program. These stock options have an exercise price equal to 120 % of the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant. If certain performance measures are met, the exercise price is reduced to 110 % of the grant date fair market value of our stock. 
On February 17, 2021, we granted 342,986 premium-priced stock options to our executive officers as part of our long-term incentive program. These stock options have an exercise price equal to 120 % of the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant. During 2021, we also granted 148,322 stock options to certain executives to encourage retention or to award various achievements, of which 40,322 had an exercise price equal to 120 % of the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant, and the remaining 108,000 had an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant. The grant date fair market values of these awards were not significant.
