WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We may also be affected by increasingly stringent U.S. federal and foreign environmental laws and regulations that will apply to us or our customers in the future, some of which could increase the cost or reduce the demand for our products and services. For example, due to concern over the risk of climate change, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In other countries, proposed regulations include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Although the ultimate impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, they could make our products more expensive or reduce demand for petroleum products, as well as shift demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources. This, in turn, could affect our operations, earnings and competitive position. 
This 2019 10-K Report and the information incorporated by reference in it, or made by us in other reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, teleconferences, industry conferences or otherwise, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “plan,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. Specifically, this 2019 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements about (i) our expectations regarding the conditions in the aviation, land, and marine markets and the impact on our business, including volume, fuel prices, and the impact of the coronavirus outbreak on us and our customers, (ii) our expectations about the financial impact of portfolio rationalization and our ability to redeploy such capital into activities with sustainable revenue and expected returns, (iii) our expectations regarding sales to government customers,particularly NATO in Afghanistan, and the related impact on our profitability , 
(iv) our beliefs regarding our competitive advantages and our ability to capitalize on these to drive growth, (v) estimates regarding the short and long-term savings and synergies from our cost-savings initiatives and the benefits of our restructuring plan, (vi) our expectations regarding our working capital, liquidity, capital expenditure requirements, (vii) our expectations and estimates regarding certain tax, legal and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, (viii) our expectations regarding the financial and operational impact of our investments in automation and technology, including transaction processing costs, (ix) our expectations regarding the financial impact of acquisitions and divestitures, including estimates of future expenses and our ability to realize estimated synergies, and (x) estimates regarding the financial impact of our derivative contracts. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosures contained in our SEC filings.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
With the support of an independent third-party expert in this field, we conduct global pay equity reviews for salaried employees comparing employees in the same pay grade within a country/area to help identify any unsupported distinctions in pay between employees of different genders and races (as permitted by local country law). 
Our last global analysis in 2021 encompassed 81 countries and over 32,000 employees. From this analysis, we noted our pay gap between male and female employees was less than 1%. We anticipate this gap will further decrease through pay adjustments for employees identified during the review. In the United States, we also review pay for salaried employees in the same pay grade by race/ethnicity (Asian, Black and Hispanic). The 2021 independent analysis found no systemic issues and no negative pay gap between non-white and white employees. 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion : Diversity, equity & inclusion (“DE&I”) significantly contributes to our winning growth culture. We work to reflect the diversity of ideas and people in our world and to maximize the power and potential of our employees.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The Longhaul System consists of two approximately 500-mile, 30-inch diameter pipelines (Seaway I and the Seaway Loop) that provide north-to-south transportation of crude oil from the Cushing hub to Seaway’s Jones Creek terminal located near Freeport, Texas. The aggregate transportation capacity of the Longhaul System is approximately 950 MBPD, depending on the type and mix of crude oil being transported and other variables. The Jones Creek terminal is connected by pipeline to our ECHO terminal, which enables Seaway to serve a variety of customers along the upper Texas Gulf Coast including the Beaumont/Port Arthur area.
The Freeport System consists of a marine terminal that facilitates both crude oil imports and exports, along with pipelines that transport crude oil to and from Freeport, Texas and the Jones Creek terminal.
The Texas City System consists of a marine terminal and storage tanks, various pipelines and related infrastructure used to transport crude oil to refineries in the Texas City, Texas area and to and from terminals in the Galena Park, Texas area, our ECHO terminal and locations along the Houston Ship Channel. The Texas City System also receives production from certain offshore Gulf of Mexico developments. The intrastate pipeline transportation capacity of the Freeport System and Texas City System is approximately 480 MBPD and 800 MBPD, respectively.
