WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company's investment policy is to maximize the total rate of return on plan assets to meet the long-term funding obligations of the Pension Plan. There are no restrictions on types of investments held in the Pension Plan, which are invested using a combination of active management and passive investment strategies. Risk is controlled through diversification among multiple asset classes, managers, styles and securities. Risk is further controlled both at the manager and asset class level by assigning return targets and evaluating performance against these targets. The following table presents Pension Plan asset allocations by asset category. 
Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
Restructuring charges include contract terminations, employee terminations and facility closures. For the year ended December 31, 2018 , these charges result from activities to integrate Scripps Networks and establish an efficient cost structure. Contract-related restructuring charges include costs to terminate certain production commitments, life of series production and content licensing contracts. Employee terminations relate to cost reduction efforts and management changes. Facility-related restructuring charges are recognized upon exiting all or a portion of a leased facility after meeting cease-use requirements. Other charges relate to content write-offs that resulted from strategic programming changes following the acquisition of Scripps Networks. Charges incurred in 2017  and 2016  resulted from management changes and cost reduction efforts, including employee terminations, intended to enable the Company to more efficiently operate in a leaner and more directed cost structure and invest in growth initiatives, including digital services and content creation.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
During the third quarter of 2018, as we began to apply highly inflationary accounting for Argentina (refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ), we excluded the remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in Argentina to be consistent with our prior accounting for these remeasurement gains/losses for Venezuela when it was subject to highly inflationary accounting prior to 2016. 
During the third quarter of 2016, we began to exclude unrealized gains and losses (mark-to-market impacts) from outstanding commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives from our non-GAAP earnings measures until such time that the related exposures impact our operating results. Since we purchase commodity and forecasted currency transaction contracts to mitigate price volatility primarily for inventory requirements in future periods, we made this adjustment to remove the volatility of these future inventory purchases on current operating results to facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating performance across periods. We also discontinued designating commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives for hedge accounting treatment. To facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating results, we have recast all historical non-GAAP earnings measures to exclude the mark-to-market impacts. 
On November 20, 2017, Dirk Van de Put succeeded Irene Rosenfeld as CEO of Mondelēz International in advance of her retirement at the end of March 2018. In order to incent Mr. Van de Put to join us, we provided him compensation with a total combined target value of $42.5 million to make him whole for incentive awards he forfeited or grants that were not made to him when he left his former employer. The compensation we granted took the form of cash, deferred stock units, performance share units and stock options. In connection with Irene Rosenfeld’s retirement, we made her outstanding grants of performance share units for the 2016-2018 and 2017-2019 performance cycles eligible for continued vesting and approved a $0.5 million salary for her service as Chairman from January through March 2018. We refer to these elements of Mr. Van de Put’s and Ms. Rosenfeld’s compensation arrangements together as “CEO transition remuneration.” We are excluding amounts we expense as CEO transition remuneration from our non-GAAP results because those amounts are not part of our regular compensation program and are incremental to amounts we would have incurred as ongoing CEO compensation. As a result, in 2017, we excluded amounts expensed for the cash payment to Mr. Van de Put and partial vesting of his equity grants. In 2018, we excluded amounts paid for Ms. Rosenfeld’s service as Chairman and partial vesting of Mr. Van de Put’s and Ms. Rosenfeld’s equity grants. In 2019, we excluded amounts related to the partial vesting of Mr. Van de Put’s equity grants.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
LCL, our wholly-owned subsidiary, is currently developing a natural gas liquefaction project at the site of our Lake Charles LNG import terminal and regasification facility. The project would utilize existing dock and storage facilities owned by Lake Charles LNG located on the Lake Charles site. LCL entered into a prior development agreement with Shell in March 2019; however, Shell withdrew from the project in March 2020 due to adverse market factors affecting Shell’s business following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. We intend to continue to develop the project, possibly in conjunction with one or more equity partners, and we plan to evaluate a variety of alternatives to advance the project, including the possibility of reducing the size of the project from three trains (16.45 million tonnes per annum of LNG capacity) to two trains (11.0 million tonnes per annum). The project as currently designed is fully permitted by federal, state and local authorities, has all necessary export licenses and benefits from the infrastructure related to the existing regasification facility at the same site, including four LNG storage tanks, two deep water docks and other assets. In light of the existing brownfield infrastructure and the advanced state of the development of the project, we are actively developing the project on a disciplined, cost effective basis, and ultimately we will determine whether to make a final investment decision to proceed with the project based on market conditions, capital expenditure considerations and our success in securing long-term LNG offtake commitments on satisfactory terms. In this regard, market conditions for long-term LNG offtake contracts have improved during the second half of 2021, and LCL is in active discussions with several potential offtake customers for significant volumes of LNG. LCL expects that it would solicit equity participation in the project in order to reduce LCL’s capital commitments to the project and correspondingly reduce our capital requirements to construct the project. Based on the estimated time necessary for construction of the liquefaction facility, LCL has filed a request with FERC for approval of an extension of the deadline for completion of construction to December 2028 from the current deadline of December 2025. LCL believes that such approval will be granted in the second quarter of 2022. 
The midstream industry consists of natural gas gathering, compression, treating, processing, storage, and transportation, and is generally characterized by regional competition based on the proximity of gathering systems and processing plants to natural gas producing wells and the proximity of storage facilities to production areas and end-use markets. Gathering systems generally consist of a network of small diameter pipelines and, if necessary, compression systems, that collect natural gas from points near producing wells and transports it to larger pipelines for further transportation. 
Treating plants remove carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide from natural gas that is higher in carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide or certain other contaminants, to ensure that it meets pipeline quality specifications. Natural gas processing involves the separation of natural gas into pipeline quality natural gas, or residue gas, and a mixed NGL stream. Some natural gas produced by a well does not meet the pipeline quality specifications established by downstream pipelines or is not suitable for commercial use and must be processed to remove the mixed NGL stream. In addition, some natural gas can be processed to take advantage of favorable margins for NGLs extracted from the gas stream.
