ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our Permian Basin Gathering System increased $21.3 million year-to-year primarily due to a 287 BBtus/d increase in natural gas gathering volumes, which accounted for a $28.5 million increase, partially offset by higher costs at our Waha facility during the fourth quarter of 2018, which accounted for a $6.1 million decrease. Natural gas production in the Permian Basin region continues to rise as a result of the significant increases in crude oil production across West Texas and southeastern New Mexico. 
Gross operating margin from our Texas Intrastate System decreased $51.4 million year-to-year primarily due to lower firm capacity reservation fees, which accounted for a $30.1 million decrease, lower natural gas transportation volumes, which accounted for an $8.5 million decrease, lower average transportation fees, which accounted for a $7.1 million decrease, and increased operating costs, which accounted for an additional $3.4 million decrease. The $30.1 million decrease in firm capacity reservation fees in 2017 is primarily due to the settlement of a customer contract in the fourth quarter of 2016. Natural gas transportation volumes for the Texas Intrastate System decreased 324 BBtus/d year-to-year primarily due to reduced producer activity in the Eagle Ford and Barnett Shale areas in 2017. 
Gross operating margin from our Jonah Gathering System decreased $12.3 million year-to-year primarily due to lower average gathering fees, which accounted for a $6.5 million decrease, a 32 BBtus/d decline in natural gas gathering volumes, which accounted for a $3.4 million decrease, and higher operating costs, which accounted for an additional $3.2 million decrease.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We operate globally across industries that are highly fragmented with numerous competitors. Our competitors range in size and complexity from large multinational corporations, principally major oil producers, which have significantly greater capital resources than us, to relatively small and specialized firms. In our fuel distribution activities, we compete with major oil producers that market fuel directly to the large commercial airlines, shipping companies and petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market as well as fuel resellers. We compete, among other things, on the basis of service, convenience, reliability, availability of trade credit and price. We believe that our extensive market knowledge, worldwide footprint, logistics expertise and support, the use of price risk management offerings, and value-added benefits, including single-supplier convenience, fuel quality control and fuel procurement outsourcing, give us the ability to compete within those markets. 
Our operating results are subject to seasonal variability. Our seasonality results from numerous factors, including traditionally higher demand for natural gas and home heating oil during the winter months and aviation and land fuel during the summer months, as well as other seasonal weather patterns. As such, our results of operations may fluctuate from period to period. 
Our business activities are subject to substantial regulation by federal, state and local government agencies, inside and outside of the U.S., which enforce laws and regulations governing the transportation, sale, storage and disposal of fuel and the collection, transportation, processing, storage, use and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including waste oil and petroleum products. For example, U.S. federal and state environmental laws applicable to us include statutes that: (i) allocate the cost of remedying contamination among specifically identified parties and prevent future contamination; (ii) impose national ambient standards and, in some cases, emission standards, for air pollutants that present a risk to public health or welfare; (iii) govern the management, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes; and (iv) regulate the discharge of pollutants into waterways. International treaties also prohibit the discharge of petroleum products at sea. Compliance with existing and future laws that regulate the delivery of fuel by barge, truck, vessel pipeline or car; fuel storage terminals or underground storage tanks that we own, lease or operate; or the quality of product under our control may require significant capital expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs, particularly as we acquire businesses with more physical assets. The penalties for violations of environmental laws include injunctive relief; administrative, civil or criminal penalties; recovery of damages for injury to air, water or property; and third-party damages. Some environmental laws may also impose strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances, which could subject us to liability without regard to whether we were negligent or at fault. See “Item 1A – Risk Factors,” and “Item 3 – Legal Proceedings.”

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The grant date fair value of performance share units is determined based on the Monte Carlo simulation model for the market-based total shareholder return component and the closing market price of the Company’s stock on the grant date for performance-based components. The Monte Carlo simulation model incorporates the probability of achieving the total shareholder return market condition. Compensation expense is recognized using the grant date fair values regardless of whether the market condition is achieved, so long as the requisite service has been provided. 
Our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize 5.0 billion shares of Class A common stock (“Common Stock”) and 500 million shares of preferred stock. There were no preferred shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 . Shares of Common Stock issued, in treasury and outstanding were: 
Stock plan awards to employees and non-employee directors are issued from treasury shares. At December 31, 2018 , 111 million shares of Common Stock held in treasury were reserved for stock options and other stock awards.
