SALESFORCE INC report:
We derive our revenues primarily from subscription revenues from our enterprise cloud computing services, software licenses and support fees for our services. We also derive revenues from related professional services via our Customer Success Group. 
For our subscription and support offerings, we recognize subscription and support revenue ratably over the contract term, beginning on the commencement date of each contract. For software license sales, which resulted from our May 2018 acquisition of MuleSoft, revenues are generally recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer. We enter into professional services contracts that are on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. We recognize revenue over time as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts and ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services. 
Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in either unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition from subscription services and is recognized as the revenue recognition criteria are met. Remaining performance obligations, representing future revenues that are under contract but have not yet been recognized, are not recorded in unearned revenue. We generally invoice customers annually. Typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Merchandising, an increase of $8 million was due to higher Net sales in excess of higher Cost of goods sold, as higher average sales prices were partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market results, as described above. 
SG&A expenses decreased $88 million, or 17%, to $432 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to $520 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a higher portion of variable incentive costs being allocated to Corporate and Other activities, as well as favorable currency movements, primarily from the weakening of the Argentine peso and Brazilian real . 
Foreign exchange gains (losses) - net decreased $174 million, to a loss of $24 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to a gain of $150 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Foreign exchange results were primarily driven by losses on U.S. dollar denominated loans payable in non-U.S. functional currency operations.

BOEING CO report:
with engineering inefficiencies from the COVID-19 environment. We believe these inefficiencies will result in staffing challenges, schedule inefficiencies, and higher costs in the upcoming phases of the program. 
BDS earnings from operations in 2019 increased by $923 million compared with 2018 primarily due to the absence of $691 million related to losses on the T-7A Red Hawk and MQ-25 contracts. The unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2019 was $62 million lower than the prior year. In 2019, BDS recorded charges of $489 million related to Commercial Crew and $148 million related to KC-46A Tanker compared with $736 million in 2018. 
Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements. In these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. Examples of these programs include Ground-based Midcourse Defense, Proprietary and Space Launch System programs.
