SALESFORCE INC report:
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are recorded as a separate component on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income in the consolidated statements of operations for the period. 
The Company’s enterprise cloud computing services are typically warranted to perform in a manner consistent with general industry standards that are reasonably applicable and materially in accordance with the Company’s online help documentation under normal use and circumstances. 
The Company’s arrangements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if its products or services infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any material liabilities related to such obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Margin improvement continued to be a key focus for the Diagnostics business in 2018 and 2017. While operating margins of 24.9 percent of sales in 2018 have remained relatively unchanged from the 24.8 percent of sales reported in 2016, this reflects dilution to the operating margin profit from the 
In Abbott's worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by demographics such as an aging population and an increasing rate of chronic disease in developed markets and the rise of a middle class in many emerging markets, as well as by numerous new product introductions that leveraged Abbott's strong brands. In 2018, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, the nutritional business experienced above-market growth in the worldwide pediatric business driven by market leading brands Similac® and Pedialyte® in the U.S. as well as growth across several markets in Asia. Worldwide, adult nutrition sales increased in 2018 led by the growth of Ensure®, Abbott's market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna®, Abbott's market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand. 
In 2017, the nutritionals business experienced growth in the U.S. driven by above-market performance in Abbott's infant and toddler brands. Internationally, 2017 sales growth in China and India was partially offset by challenging market conditions in the infant formula market in various emerging markets. With respect to the profitability of the nutritional products business, manufacturing and distribution process changes, as well as other cost reductions, drove margin improvements across the business over the last three years although such improvements were offset by inflation on commodity costs. The decrease in operating margins for this business from 24.1 percent of sales in 2016 to 22.9 percent in 2018 was primarily due to negative impact of foreign exchange.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Routine maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Applicable interest charges incurred during the construction of new facilities or development of software for internal use are capitalized as one of the elements of cost and are amortized over the useful life of the respective assets. 
Property and equipment held and used by the Company are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. For purposes of evaluating the recoverability of property and equipment, the Company compares the carrying value of the asset or asset group to the estimated, undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the long-lived asset or asset group. If the future cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, the carrying value is compared to the fair value of such asset. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess. 
The Company also assesses the recoverability of its vacant land and closed facilities actively marketed for sale. If an asset’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, less an estimated cost to sell, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess. Assets held for sale are not depreciated.
