SALESFORCE INC report:
We continue to invest for future growth through focusing on multi-cloud adoption by our existing customers, growing our relationships with our enterprise customers, expanding internationally and expanding and strengthening our ecosystem of partners and independent software vendors (“ISVs”). As a result, we continue to win customers from competitors in the markets in which we compete. In addition, we continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings providing additional opportunities for growth in our business and results. 
We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings through a disciplined and thoughtful acquisition process. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and we plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. As part of our business and growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics and integration. We drive innovation organically and to a lesser extent through acquisitions, such as our recent business combination with Salesforce.org in June 2019 and acquisitions of Tableau in August 2019 and ClickSoftware in October 2019. 
As a result of our aggressive growth plans and integration of our previously acquired businesses, we have incurred significant expenses for equity awards and amortization of purchased intangibles, which have reduced our operating income.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Trade Accounts Receivable —Trade accounts receivable are stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. We establish allowances for uncollectible trade accounts receivable based on lifetime expected credit losses using an aging schedule for each pool of trade accounts receivable. Pools are determined based on risk characteristics such as the type of customer and geography. A default rate is derived using a provision matrix based on Bunge's historical receivables data. The default rate is then applied to the pool to determine the allowance for expected credit losses. Given the short term nature of our trade accounts receivable, the default rate is only adjusted if significant changes in the credit profile of the portfolio are identified (e.g., poor crop years, credit issues at the country level, systematic risk), resulting in historic loss rates that are not representative of forecasted losses. Uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount that is less than the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection of the balance is unlikely. 
Specifically, in establishing appropriate default rates as of December 31, 2021, we took into consideration expected impacts on our customers and other debtors in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors, which did not result in a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
We record and report accrued interest receivable within the same line item as the related receivable. The allowance for expected credit losses is estimated on the amortized cost basis of the trade accounts receivable, including accrued interest receivable. We recognize credit loss expense when establishing an allowance for accrued interest receivable.

BOEING CO report:
Given the complexity of certain of the Company’s fixed-price development contracts, including the KC-46A Tanker, Commercial Crew, United States Air Force VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, MQ-25 Stingray, and T-7A Red Hawk contracts, the limited amount of historical data available in certain instances and significant judgments necessary to estimate future costs at completion, auditing these estimates involved extensive audit effort and a high degree of auditor judgment and required audit professionals with industry and quantitative analytics experience. 
We performed inquiries of the Company’s project managers and others directly involved with the contracts and observed the work site to evaluate project status and project challenges which may affect total estimated costs to complete. 
We tested the accuracy and completeness of the data used in developing the estimates. We developed independent expectations of likely outcomes using, in part, the program’s data and compared our expectations to management’s estimates.
