COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company capitalizes certain computer software and costs incurred in developing or obtaining software for internal use. During development, these costs are included in construction in progress. When the assets are ready for their intended use, these costs are included in equipment and fixtures and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 
Repair and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. Expenditures for remodels, refurbishments and improvements that add to or change the way an asset functions or that extend the useful life are capitalized. Assets removed during the remodel, refurbishment or improvement are retired. Assets classified as held-for-sale at the end of 2020 and 2019 were immaterial. The following table summarizes the Company's property and equipment balances at the end of 2020 and 2019: 
The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances may indicate the carrying amount of the asset group, generally an individual warehouse, may not be fully recoverable. For asset groups held and used, including warehouses to be relocated, the carrying value of the asset group is considered recoverable when the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group exceed the respective carrying value. In the event that the carrying value is not considered recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the asset group to be held and used equal to the excess of the carrying value above the estimated fair value of the asset group. For asset groups classified as held-for-sale (disposal group), the carrying value is compared to the disposal group’s fair value less costs to sell. The Company estimates fair value by obtaining market appraisals from third party brokers or using other valuation techniques. There were no impairment charges recognized in 2020, 2019 or 2018.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
International Networks maximizes the use of content from our U.S. Networks. Our non-fiction content tends to be culturally neutral and maintains its relevance for an extended period of time. As a result, a significant amount of our non-fiction content translates well across international borders and is made even more accessible through extensive use of dubbing and subtitles in local languages. Our content can be re-edited and updated in a cost-effective manner to provide topical versions of subject matter that can be utilized around the world. International Networks executes a localization strategy by offering content from U.S. Networks, customized content and localized schedules via our distribution feeds. While our International Networks segment maximizes the use of content from U.S. Networks, we also develop local content that is tailored to individual market preferences and license the rights to air films, television series and sporting events from third-party producers. To that end, during 2018, we entered into a 12-year partnership with the PGA Tour that includes TV and online rights to the PGA Tour outside the United States. Effective January 1, 2019 , we announced the launch of GOLFTV, a new live and on-demand international video streaming service providing over 2,000 hours of live golf programming each year and extensive premium content on-demand. Discovery plans to invest more than $2 billion over the course of the partnership, including licensing rights and building the GOLFTV platform. 
Our largest single expense is content, which includes content amortization, content impairment and production costs. We amortize the cost of capitalized content rights based on the proportion that the current year's estimated revenues bear to the estimated remaining total lifetime revenues, which normally results in an accelerated amortization method over the estimated useful lives. However, certain networks also utilize a straight-line method of amortization over the estimated useful lives of the content. Content is amortized primarily over periods of two to four years. The costs for multi-year sports programming arrangements are expensed when the event is broadcast based on the estimated relative value of each season in the arrangement. Content assets are reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators are present, such as low viewership or limited expected use. Impairment losses are recorded when content asset carrying value exceeds net realizable value. 
Providing content across various distribution platforms is a highly competitive business worldwide. We experience competition for the development and acquisition of content, distribution of our content, sale of commercial time on our networks and viewership. There is competition from other production studios, other television networks, and online-based content providers for the acquisition of content and creative talent such as writers, producers and directors. Our ability to produce and acquire popular content is an important competitive factor for the distribution of our content, attracting viewers and the sale of advertising. Our success in securing popular content and creative talent depends on various factors such as the number of competitors providing content that targets the same genre and audience, the distribution of our content, viewership, and the production, marketing and advertising support we provide.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We routinely review the effectiveness of our derivative instrument portfolios in light of current market conditions. Accordingly, the nature and volume of our derivative instruments may change depending on the specific exposure being managed.
See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding our derivative instruments and hedging activities.
The prices of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market conditions and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. In order to manage such price risks, we enter into commodity derivative instruments such as physical forward contracts, futures contracts, fixed-for-float swaps and basis swaps.
