MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The grant date fair value of performance share units is determined based on the Monte Carlo simulation model for the market-based total shareholder return component and the closing market price of the Company’s stock on the grant date for performance-based components. The Monte Carlo simulation model incorporates the probability of achieving the total shareholder return market condition. Compensation expense is recognized using the grant date fair values regardless of whether the market condition is achieved, so long as the requisite service has been provided. 
Our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize 5.0 billion shares of Class A common stock (“Common Stock”) and 500 million shares of preferred stock. There were no preferred shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 . Shares of Common Stock issued, in treasury and outstanding were: 
Stock plan awards to employees and non-employee directors are issued from treasury shares. At December 31, 2019 , 96 million shares of Common Stock held in treasury were reserved for stock options and other stock awards.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
A significant change in the assumptions we use to measure recoverability of long-lived assets and the fair value of equity method investments could result in our recording a non-cash impairment charge. Any write-down of the carrying values of such assets would increase operating costs and expenses at that time.
In 2019 and 2018, we recognized non-cash asset impairment charges related to long-lived assets and equity method investments of $ 127.5 million and $46.8 million, respectively, which are a component of operating costs and expenses. For additional information regarding impairment charges, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. 
The specific, identifiable intangible assets of an acquired business depend largely upon the nature of its operations and include items such as customer relationships and contracts. The method used to value such assets depends on a number of factors, including the nature of the asset and the economic returns the asset is expected to generate.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. President signed into law the Tax Act. This legislation significantly changed the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, including taxation of U.S. corporations, by, among other things, limiting interest deductions, reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, GILTI, assessing a repatriation tax or “toll-charge” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-owned foreign corporations, and introducing certain base erosion and anti-abuse minimum tax provisions. Since the Tax Act was signed into law, various notices, proposed regulations, and other clarifications of the law have been issued by the IRS and the Treasury Department. The legislation will require further interpretations and implementing regulations by the IRS, as well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. 
Because of the complexity of the GILTI tax rules effective in 2018, we evaluated this provision of the Tax Act and the application of ASC 740, Income Taxes. Under US GAAP, we made an accounting policy choice to treat taxes due on future US GILTI inclusions as a current period expense when incurred (the "period cost method"). 
The changes included in the Tax Act are broad and complex. The final transition impacts of the Tax Act may differ from those recorded as of December 31, 2017, possibly materially, due in part to changes in interpretations of the Tax Act, any legislative action to address questions that arise as a result of the Tax Act, any changes in accounting standards for income taxes or related interpretations in response to the Tax Act, or any other updates to current tax estimates that may be required.
