MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Net Revenues – Net revenues increased $42 million ( 0.2% ) to $25,938 million in 2018 , and Organic Net Revenue (1) increased $603 million ( 2.4% ) to $26,229 million . Power Brands net revenues increased 2.0% , including an unfavorable currency impact, and Power Brands Organic Net Revenue increased 3.2% . Emerging markets net revenues decreased 0.5% , including an unfavorable currency impact, and emerging markets Organic Net Revenue increased 5.7% . The underlying changes in net revenues and Organic Net Revenue are detailed below: 
Net revenue increase of 0.2% was driven by our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth of 2.4% and the impact of an acquisition, mostly offset by unfavorable currency and the impact of divestitures. Our underlying Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Net pricing was up, which includes the benefit of carryover pricing from 2017 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2018. Higher net pricing was reflected in Latin America, AMEA and North America, partially offset by lower net pricing in Europe. Favorable volume/mix was reflected in Europe and AMEA, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in Latin America and North America. The June 7, 2018 acquisition of a U.S. premium biscuit company, Tate’s Bake Shop, added net revenues of $52 million in 2018. Unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $343 million, due primarily to the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to several other currencies, including the Argentinean peso, Brazilian real, Russian ruble, Indian rupee and Turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including the euro, British pound sterling and Chinese yuan. The impact of divestitures that occurred in 2017 resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $270 million. Refer to Note 2, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for more information. 
Operating Income – Operating income decreased $150 million ( 4.3% ) to $3,312 million in 2018, Adjusted Operating Income (1)   increased $202 million ( 4.9% ) to $4,321 million and Adjusted Operating Income on a constant currency basis (1) increased $257 million ( 6.2% ) to $4,376 million due to the following:

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
When the Mentone plant is completed and placed into service, we expect to have an aggregate 1.6 Bcf/d of natural gas processing capacity and 250 MBPD of NGL production from our processing plants in the Delaware Basin. 
Our NGL pipelines transport mixed NGLs from natural gas processing plants, refineries and marine terminals to downstream fractionation plants and storage facilities; gather and distribute purity NGL products to and from fractionation plants, storage and terminal facilities, petrochemical plants, refineries and export facilities; and deliver propane and ethane to destinations along our pipeline systems. 
The results of operations from our NGL pipelines are primarily dependent upon the volume of NGLs transported (or capacity reserved) and the associated fees we charge for such transportation services. Transportation fees charged to shippers are based on either tariffs regulated by federal governmental agencies, including the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”), or contractual arrangements. See “Regulatory Matters” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 for additional information regarding governmental oversight of our liquids pipelines.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
From time to time, we are under review by the IRS and various other domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to income tax and indirect tax matters and are involved in various inquiries, audits, challenges and litigation in a number of countries, including, in particular, Brazil, Denmark, South Korea and the U.S. where the amounts under controversy may be material. See Notes 9. Commitments and Contingencies and 11. Income Taxes for additional details regarding certain tax matters. 
We are also a party to various claims, complaints and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business including, but not limited to, environmental claims, commercial and governmental contract claims, such as property damage, demurrage, personal injury, billing and fuel quality claims, as well as bankruptcy preference claims and administrative claims. We are not currently a party to any such claim, complaint or proceeding that we expect to have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. However, any adverse resolution of one or more such claims, complaints or proceedings during a particular reporting period could have a material adverse effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements or disclosures for that period. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information. 
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing within Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this 2021 10‑K Report. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ materially from the results suggested by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that may cause our results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward-looking statements are described in Item 1A – Risk Factors and under Forward-Looking Statements.
