ALLSTATE CORP report:
The notional amounts specified in the contracts are used to calculate the exchange of contractual payments under the agreements and are generally not representative of the potential for gain or loss on these agreements. However, the notional amounts specified in credit default swaps where the Company has sold credit protection represent the maximum amount of potential loss, assuming no recoveries. 
Fair value, which is equal to the carrying value, is the estimated amount that the Company would receive or pay to terminate the derivative contracts at the reporting date. The carrying value amounts for OTC derivatives are further adjusted for the effects, if any, of enforceable master netting agreements and are presented on a net basis, by counterparty agreement, in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
For those derivatives which qualify and have been designated as fair value accounting hedges, net income includes the changes in the fair value of both the derivative instrument and the hedged risk. For cash flow hedges, gains and losses are amortized from AOCI and are reported in net income in the same period the forecasted transactions being hedged impact net income.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company estimates the useful lives of property and equipment upon initial recognition and periodically evaluates the useful lives and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the useful lives. 
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts and any loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses. 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and classifies its leases at commencement. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Assets recognized from finance leases (also referred to as ROU assets) are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities, respectively, on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term. The corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less for any asset classes.

BOEING CO report:
On March 13, 2019, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued an order to suspend operations of all 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. and by U.S. aircraft operators following two fatal accidents of 737 MAX aircraft. Non-U.S. civil aviation authorities have issued directives to the same effect (the “737 MAX Grounding”). In addition, multiple legal actions have been filed against the Company following the fatal accidents and various governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries continue relating to the accidents and the 737 MAX aircraft. 
During 2019, the Company recorded a liability in connection with estimated payments, concessions and other in-kind consideration it intends to provide to customers for disruptions related to the 737 MAX Grounding and associated delivery delays. This liability totaled $7.4 billion at December 31, 2019 and is reflected in the financial statements in Accrued liabilities. This represents the Company’s best estimate of future concessions and other consideration to its customers, and is necessarily based on individual negotiations with customers and a series of assumptions, including the timing and conditions of the 737 MAX’s return to service in various jurisdictions and the timing of future production rate increases. Because the timing and conditions of the 737 MAX return to service in various jurisdictions will be determined by civil aviation authorities and is outside of the Company’s control, the assumptions underlying the liability require a high degree of auditor judgment. 
Significant judgment is involved in management’s ability to assess and reasonably estimate potential additional financial statement effects or a range of loss, if any, resulting from the outcome of 737 MAX-related litigation and the results of the various governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries related to the 737 MAX.
