ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In January 2019, we completed an expansion project on the 36-inch diameter North Texas pipeline (a component of the Texas Intrastate System) that provides us with an additional 150 MMcf/d of natural gas takeaway capacity from West Texas, including deliveries into the reactivated Old Ocean Pipeline.
We proportionately consolidate our undivided interests, which range from 22% to 80%, in 1,471 miles of pipeline. The Texas Intrastate System also includes our Wilson natural gas storage facility, which consists of a network of leased and owned underground salt dome storage caverns located in Wharton County, Texas with an aggregate 12.9 Bcf of usable storage capacity. Four of these caverns, comprising 6.9 Bcf of usable capacity, are held under an operating lease. The remainder of our Texas Intrastate System is wholly owned. 
 • The Acadian Gas System transports, stores and markets natural gas in Louisiana. The Acadian Gas System is comprised of the 582-mile Cypress pipeline, 429-mile Acadian pipeline, 275-mile Haynesville Extension pipeline and 26-mile Enterprise Pelican pipeline. The Acadian Gas System includes a leased underground salt dome natural gas storage cavern located at Napoleonville, Louisiana. The Acadian Gas System links natural gas supplies from Louisiana (e.g., from Haynesville Shale supply basin) and offshore Gulf of Mexico developments with local gas distribution companies, electric utility plants and industrial customers located primarily in the Baton Rouge/New Orleans/Mississippi River corridor.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We are one of the world’s leading creators, owners and distributors of intellectual property. Our intellectual property assets include copyrights in films, television programs, software, comic books and mobile apps; trademarks in names, logos and characters; patents or patent applications for inventions related to products and services; websites; and licenses of intellectual property rights of various kinds from third parties. We have made and will continue to make investments in developing technology platforms to support our digital products and DTC offerings, including HBO Max and discovery+, and consider these platforms to be intellectual property assets as well. 
We are a global media and entertainment company and the protection of our content and brands is of primary importance. To protect our intellectual property assets, we rely upon a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, unfair competition, and internet/domain name statutes and laws, and contract provisions. However, there can be no assurance of the degree to which these measures will be successful. Moreover, effective intellectual property protection may be either unavailable or limited in certain foreign territories, and new legislative or regulatory initiatives could impact our operations. 
We seek to limit unauthorized use of our intellectual property through a combination of approaches. However, the steps taken to prevent the infringement of our intellectual property by unauthorized third parties may not be effective. Piracy, which encompasses the theft of our signals, and the unauthorized use of our intellectual property in the digital environment, continues to present a threat to revenues from products and services based on our intellectual property. Piracy also includes the unauthorized use of our intellectual property on physical goods. We have a team dedicated to disrupting and curbing piracy and other forms of intellectual property infringement and use external vendors to detect and remove infringements. We also engage with intermediaries that facilitate piracy, leverage our membership in a range of industry groups, and initiate enforcement actions, including litigation, to address piracy issues. In general, policing unauthorized use of our products and services and related intellectual property is difficult and costly.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The Governance, Membership and Public Affairs Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our sustainable snacking and mindful snacking strategies. Our goals are part of our strategic planning process, and therefore, progress and key activities are regularly reported to the Board of Directors and the business leadership teams. Climate change, CO 2 emissions, energy, well-being and other sustainability matters are key focus areas in our strategy. 
We have a robust Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and managing risks, with oversight by the Risk and Compliance Committee ("MRCC"), which reports annually to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The purpose of the MRCC is to oversee how we identify and assess the most significant inherent risks to our business so we may adequately mitigate them or monitor them across the Company. All identified risks are vetted by the MRCC and remain under the MRCC’s governance. Ownership of specific risks is assigned at the Mondelēz Leadership Team ("MLT") level (MLT members report directly to the CEO). As owners of each specific risk, MLT members are responsible for verifying that appropriate mitigation controls and monitoring systems are in place. The risk universe considered during this process is wide and varied. Climate change is included in this risk universe as well as other sustainability and well-being issues. 
Our ERM methodology is governed by the MRCC and includes annual reviews with our four operating regions, considering Company-level risks by using information gathered at the asset level (regions, countries, individual facilities and separate business units). The following key risk drivers for climate change, sustainability and well-being risks are captured in the ERM framework: a sustainability mindset within the organization and suppliers, governance and monitoring of the sustainability agenda, monitoring climate change impact, assessing reputation and brand image, the well-being portfolio and marketing strategy, changes in regulations and changes in consumer preferences.
