VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We prepare our financial statements using U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and disclosures. These estimates and assumptions take into account historical and forward-looking factors that the Company believes are reasonable, including but not limited to the potential impacts arising from the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and public and private sector policies and initiatives aimed at reducing its transmission. As the extent and duration of the impacts from COVID-19 remain unclear, the Company’s estimates and assumptions may evolve as conditions change. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
Examples of significant estimates include the allowance for credit losses, the recoverability of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, and other long-lived assets, the incremental borrowing rate for the lease liability, fair value measurements, including those related to financial instruments, goodwill, spectrum licenses and intangible assets, unrecognized tax benefits, valuation allowances on tax assets, pension and postretirement benefit obligations, contingencies and the identification and valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with business combinations. 
We earn revenue from contracts with customers, primarily through the provision of telecommunications and other services and through the sale of wireless equipment. These services include a variety of communication and connectivity services for our Consumer and Business customers including other carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers, as well as professional and integrated managed services for our large enterprises and government customers. We account for these revenues under Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" (Topic 606), which we adopted on January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective approach. This standard update, along with related subsequently issued updates, clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for GAAP. The standard update also amended prior guidance for the recognition of costs to obtain and fulfill

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our cash payments made for capital expenditures were $365 million, $524 million and $493 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. We intend to make capital expenditures of approximately $450 million in 2021. Our priorities for 2021 are to maintain the cash generating capacity of our assets through non-discretionary projects, such as maintenance, safety and compliance, as well as discretionary investment in growth and productivity projects, focusing on our strategy to strengthen our oilseeds platform, increase participation in biofuels and plant-based proteins, as well as growing our value added oils business. We intend to fund these capital expenditures primarily with cash flows from operations. 
(1) We have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions related to debt of certain of our unconsolidated affiliates. The terms of the guarantees are equal to the terms of the related financings which have maturity dates through 2034. There are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. In addition, one of our subsidiaries has guaranteed the obligations of two of its affiliates and in connection therewith has secured its guarantee obligations through a pledge of one of its affiliate's shares plus loans receivable from the affiliate to the financial institutions in the event that the guaranteed obligations are enforced. Based on the amounts drawn under such debt facilities at December 31, 2020, our potential liability was $245 million and we have recorded a $12 million obligation related to these guarantees. 
(2) We have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions which are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars and barges. These guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. These leases expire at various dates from 2021 through 2026 . At December 31, 2020, no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees. Any obligation recorded would be recognized in Current operating lease obligations or Non-current operating lease obligations (see Note 27- Leases , to our consolidated financial statements).

SALESFORCE INC report:
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps that bring them closer to their customers, with drag-and-drop tools that boost efficiency, increase productivity and save on IT costs. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance and automatic upgrades. Integrated platform services, such as automation, AI and real-time data processing, make it easier for customers to utilize those capabilities in their Salesforce applications. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. Our Slack offering is a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We continue to innovate and integrate Slack across our Customer 360 platform. 
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web, Web3 and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization, and optimize overall marketing impact with integrated analytics. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers.
