COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The functional currencies of the Company’s international subsidiaries are the local currency of the country in which the subsidiary is located. Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Revenues and expenses of the Company’s consolidated foreign operations are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the year. 
The Company recognizes foreign-currency transaction gains and losses related to revaluing or settling monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward foreign-exchange contracts. These items were immaterial in 2021, 2020, and 2019. 
The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09 in 2019, which provided for changes in the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The Company recognizes sales for the amount of consideration collected from the member, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, and is net of sales taxes collected and remitted to government agencies and member returns. The Company reserves for estimated returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns and reduces sales and merchandise costs accordingly. The Company records, on a gross basis, a refund liability and an asset for recovery, which are included in other current liabilities and other current assets, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We plan to continue to invest in marketing and sales by expanding our domestic and international selling and marketing activities, building brand awareness, attracting new customers, and sponsoring additional marketing events. The timing of these marketing events, such as our annual and largest event, Dreamforce, will affect our marketing costs in a particular quarter. In addition, as we acquire new businesses and technologies, a component of the amortization expense associated with this activity will be included in marketing and sales. We expect that in the future, marketing and sales expenses will increase in absolute dollars and continue to be our largest cost. We expect marketing and sales expenses, excluding sales personnel expenses, to grow in line with or at a slower rate than revenues and sales personnel expenses. These may increase as a percentage of total revenues as we invest in additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. 
General and administrative expenses consist of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses, for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel, legal costs, security costs, professional fees, other corporate expenses such as transaction costs for acquisitions and allocated overhead. We expect that in the future, general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we invest in our infrastructure and we incur additional employee related costs, professional fees and insurance costs related to the growth of our business and international expansion. We expect general and administrative costs as a percentage of total revenues to either remain flat or decrease for the next several quarters. However, the timing of additional expenses in a particular quarter, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, will affect our general and administrative expenses. 
Our cost of revenues and operating expenses include stock-based expenses related to equity plans for employees and non-employee directors. We recognize our stock-based compensation as an expense in the statements of operations based on their fair values and vesting periods. These charges have been significant in the past and we expect that they will increase as our stock price increases, as we acquire more companies, as we hire more employees and seek to retain existing employees.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Adjusted EBITDA ( consolidated ). For the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the prior year, Adjusted EBITDA increased approximately $1.58 billion, or 16%. The increase was primarily due to the impact of multiple revenue-generating assets being placed in service and recent acquisitions, as well as increased demand for services on existing assets. The impact of new assets and acquisitions was approximately $784 million, of which the largest increases were from increased volumes to our Mariner East pipeline and terminal assets due to the addition of pipeline capacity in the fourth quarter of 2018 (a $274 million impact to the NGL and refined products transportation and services segment), the commissioning of our fifth and sixth fractionators (a $131 million impact to the NGL and refined products transportation and services segment), the ramp up of volumes on our Bayou Bridge system due to placing phase II in service in the second quarter of 2019 (a $60 million impact to our crude oil transportation and services segment), the Rover pipeline (a $78 million impact to the interstate transportation and storage segment), the addition of gas processing capacity to our Arrowhead gas plant (a $31 million impact to our midstream segment), placing our Permian Express 4 pipeline in service in October 2019 (a $26 million impact to our crude oil transportation and services segment) and the acquisition of USAC (a net impact of $131 million among the investment in USAC and all other segments). The remainder of the increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to stronger demand on existing assets, particularly due to increased throughput on our Bakken Pipeline system as well as increased production in the Permian, which impacted multiple segments. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting Adjusted EBITDA is included in the analysis of Segment Adjusted EBITDA in the “Segment Operating Results” section below. 
• an increase of $49 million recognized by USAC primarily attributable to higher overall debt balances and higher interest rates on borrowings under the credit agreement. These increases were partially offset by the decrease in borrowings under the credit agreement; and 
Impairment Losses. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Partnership recognized goodwill impairments of $12 million related to the Southwest Gas operations within the interstate transportation and storage segment and $9 million related to our North Central operations within the midstream segment, both of which were primarily due to changes in assumptions related to projected future revenues and cash flows. Also during the year ended December 31, 2019, Sunoco LP recognized a $47 million write-down on assets held for sale related to its ethanol plant in Fulton, New York, and USAC recognized a $6 million fixed asset impairment related to certain idle compressor assets.
