ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
TRADE RECEIVABLE VALUATIONS — Accounts receivable are stated at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the accounts receivable. Abbott considers various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for doubtful accounts, including the aging of the accounts and aging trends, the historical level of charge-offs, and specific exposures related to particular customers. Abbott also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country risk, when determining credit limits for customers and establishing adequate allowances. Accounts receivable are charged off after all reasonable means to collect the full amount (including litigation, where appropriate) have been exhausted.
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT — Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The following table shows estimated useful lives of property and equipment:
PRODUCT LIABILITY — Abbott accrues for product liability claims when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on existing information. The liabilities are adjusted quarterly as additional information becomes available. Product liability losses are self-insured.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes, and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
We purchase from approximately 6,000 individual suppliers, none of which accounted for more than 5% of our aggregate purchases in fiscal year 2022. Our suppliers generally are large corporations selling national brand name and private brand products. Additionally, regional and local suppliers support targeted geographic initiatives and private label programs requiring regional and local distribution. 
As a manufacturer, processor, marketer, distributor and seller of food and non-food products, we are subject to various laws and regulations. A summary of some of these laws and regulations is provided below. 
We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the manufacturing, processing, handling, storage, transportation, sale, advertising and labeling of food products, including the applicable provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, Bioterrorism Act, Food Safety Modernization Act, Federal Meat Inspection Act, Poultry Products Inspection Act, Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, Country of Origin Labeling Act, regulations issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (“USDA”), and other federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to our operations and products that could restrict the sale of certain products or result in enforcement actions by federal, state and local government agencies under applicable standards.
