ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We are subject to the Jones Act and other federal laws that restrict maritime transportation between U.S. departure and destination points to vessels built and registered in the U.S. and owned and manned by U.S. citizens. As a result of this ownership requirement, we are responsible for monitoring the foreign ownership of our common units and other partnership interests. If we do not comply with such requirements, we would be prohibited from operating our vessels in U.S. coastwise trade, and under certain circumstances we would be deemed to have undertaken an unapproved foreign transfer, resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading rights for our vessels, fines or forfeiture of the vessels. In addition, the USCG and American Bureau of Shipping maintain the most stringent regime of vessel inspection in the world, which tends to result in higher regulatory compliance costs for U.S.-flagged operators than for owners of vessels registered under foreign flags of convenience. Our marine operations are also subject to the Merchant Marine Act of 1936, which under certain conditions would allow the U.S. government to requisition our marine assets in the event of a national emergency.
There is considerable discussion over climate change and the environmental effects of greenhouse gas emissions and their associated consequences on global climate, oceans and ecosystems. Climate change could have a long-term impact on our operations. For example, our facilities that are located in low lying areas such as the coastal regions of Louisiana and Texas may be at increased risk due to flooding, rising sea levels, or disruption of operations from more frequent and severe weather events. Facilities in areas with limited water availability may be impacted if droughts become more frequent or severe. Changes in climate or weather may hinder exploration and production activities or increase the cost of production of oil and gas resources and consequently affect the volume of hydrocarbon products entering our system. Changes in climate or weather may also affect consumer demand for energy or alter the overall energy mix.
In response to governmental, scientific and public concerns that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases, including gases associated with oil and natural gas production such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide among others, contribute to a warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other adverse environmental effects, various governmental authorities have considered or taken actions to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. For example, the EPA has taken action under the CAA to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, certain states (individually or in regional cooperation), including states in which some of our facilities or operations are located, have taken or proposed measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Also, the U.S. Congress from time to time has proposed legislative measures for imposing restrictions or requiring fees or carbon taxes for the emission of greenhouse gases.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Employee Engagement: We conduct confidential engagement surveys of our global workforce that are administered and analyzed by an independent third-party. Aggregate survey results are reviewed by executive officers and the Board of Directors. We create action plans at global, business unit and functional levels as well as for individual managers with direct reports who participate in the survey. By acting on results both at an aggregate enterprise level and a department/business/work group level, and by analyzing our scores compared to both global and internal benchmarks, we have been able to enhance our culture and improve our overall engagement levels. 
High impact initiatives including flexible working and proactive support to our people throughout the pandemic have been and will continue to be important drivers of engagement. We also have focused capability building initiatives on agile ways of working and streamlining decision making processes to drive engagement. We are building a winning growth culture that more effectively leverages local commercial expertise and invests in talent and key capabilities. This enables the Company to move with greater speed and agility. 
For additional detail on D&I, our workplace safety practices and measurements and workplace wellness, please see our 2020 Snacking Made Right report, which will be published on our website in May 2021.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
(a)  For periods prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2017-12 on July 1, 2018, the amount of gain or (loss) represents only the effective portion of the hedging relationship. Effective with the adoption of ASU 2017-12, gains and losses resulting from the change in the fair value of the hedging relationship are recognized as components of accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
(b) For periods prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2017-12 on July 1, 2018, amounts reflect the change in the fair value of the ineffective portion of the hedging relationship. No hedging instruments for which ineffectiveness was recognized directly into income in 2017 or in years prior were outstanding at the date of adoption of ASU 2017-12. 
If current fair values of designated cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2018  remained static over the next twelve months, the Company would reclassify $10 million  of net deferred gains from accumulated other comprehensive loss  into income in the next twelve months.
