WORLD KINECT CORP report:
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. President signed into law the Tax Act. This legislation significantly changed the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, including taxation of U.S. corporations, by, among other things, limiting interest deductions, reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, GILTI, assessing a repatriation tax or “toll-charge” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-owned foreign corporations, and introducing certain base erosion and anti-abuse minimum tax provisions. Since the Tax Act was signed into law, various notices, proposed regulations, and other clarifications of the law have been issued by the IRS and the Treasury Department. The legislation will require further interpretations and implementing regulations by the IRS, as well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. 
Because of the complexity of the GILTI tax rules effective in 2018, we evaluated this provision of the Tax Act and the application of ASC 740, Income Taxes. Under US GAAP, we made an accounting policy choice to treat taxes due on future US GILTI inclusions as a current period expense when incurred (the "period cost method"). 
The changes included in the Tax Act are broad and complex. The final transition impacts of the Tax Act may differ from those recorded as of December 31, 2017, possibly materially, due in part to changes in interpretations of the Tax Act, any legislative action to address questions that arise as a result of the Tax Act, any changes in accounting standards for income taxes or related interpretations in response to the Tax Act, or any other updates to current tax estimates that may be required.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The U.S. Geological Survey estimated in its 2017 assessment that the Haynesville Shale and the associated Bossier shale plays hold a combined 304 trillion cubic feet of technically recoverable shale gas resources, the second highest level in the U.S. after the Appalachia region. The Haynesville Shale benefits from its close proximity to Gulf Coast markets where substantial petrochemical and liquefied natural gas, or LNG, export projects are being constructed. At expected natural gas price levels, we estimate that natural gas production from the Haynesville Shale will continue to increase; however, until volumes for the basin exceed historical peak production, there will likely be excess capacity of midstream infrastructure available in the region. 
With respect to oil and gas production in the Rocky Mountain region, rig counts have declined slightly in the Jonah and Pinedale fields and are flat in the Piceance and San Juan basins. Producers plan to continue horizontal drilling in the Jonah field; however, horizontal drilling in the Pinedale field has generally been put on hold pending further study. Drilling has continued steadily in the Piceance field, with operators permitting the horizontal Williams Fork locations. Additional resources exist in the Piceance field in the deeper Mancos play, but it is currently not being developed. There were several changes in the ownership of producing properties in the San Juan basin this past year that are expected to lead to a modest increase in drilling activity by the new owners. 
The Rockies benefit from sufficient natural gas and NGL pipeline infrastructure, which helps the region compete with other North American regions where production takeaway capacity may be constrained. We believe that our Rocky Mountain assets will continue to benefit regional producers by giving them access to major downstream markets such as the U.S. Gulf Coast and export destinations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Our Internet address is www.mondelezinternational.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge as soon as possible after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You can access our filings with the SEC by visiting ir.mondelezinternational.com/sec-filings . The information on our web site is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 
The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. It should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
We make and sell primarily snacks, including biscuits (cookies, crackers and salted snacks), chocolate, gum & candy as well as various cheese & grocery and powdered beverage products. We have operations in more than 80 countries and sell our products in over 150 countries.
