BOEING CO report:
The Company had deferred income tax assets of $12,301 million at December 31, 2022 that can be used in future years to offset taxable income and reduce income taxes payable. The Company had deferred income tax liabilities of $9,306 million at December 31, 2022 that will partially offset deferred income tax assets and result in higher taxable income in future years and increase income taxes payable. Tax law determines whether future reversals of temporary differences will result in taxable and deductible amounts that offset each other in future years. The particular years in which temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts generally are determined by the timing of the recovery of the related asset or settlement of the related liability. 
On a quarterly basis, we assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income and reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized. 
This assessment takes into account both positive and negative evidence. A recent history of financial reporting losses is heavily weighted as a source of objectively verifiable negative evidence. Due to our recent history of losses, we determined we could not include future projected earnings in our analysis. Rather, we use systematic and logical methods to estimate when deferred tax liabilities will reverse and generate taxable income and when deferred tax assets will reverse and generate tax deductions. The selection of methodologies and assessment of when temporary differences will result in taxable or deductible amounts involves significant management judgment and is inherently complex and subjective. We believe that the methodologies we use are reasonable and can be replicated on a consistent basis in future periods.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In July 2017, we announced a global competitiveness program (“GCP”) to improve our cost position and deliver increased value to shareholders. When fully implemented, the GCP is expected to reduce overhead costs by approximately $250 million annually. The key elements of the GCP strategy outlined to meet this goal include improving efficiency and scalability by simplifying organizational structures, streamlining processes and consolidating back office functions globally, and adopting a zero-based budgeting process that will target excess costs in specific budget categories. The GCP supplements other cost reduction and strategic initiatives designed to enhance the efficiency and performance our business. The implementation of these activities is expected to generate the $250 million of reduced overhead costs by the end of 2019 and to further benefit us in 2020. Additionally, we intend to apply the strategies and insights gained from the GCP to develop additional opportunities to reduce costs and increase efficiency in other areas of our business. For more information see Note 2 -  Global Competitiveness Program  to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Risk management is a fundamental aspect of our business. Engaging in the hedging of risk exposures and anticipating market developments are critical to protect and enhance our return on assets. As such, we are active in derivative markets for agricultural commodities, energy, ocean freight, foreign currency and interest rates. We seek to leverage the market insights that we gain through our global operations across our businesses by actively managing our physical and financial positions on a daily basis. See "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk " 
In each country where we conduct business, our operations and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. We insure our businesses and assets in each country in a manner that we deem appropriate for a company of our size and activities, based on an analysis of the relative risks and costs. We believe that our geographic dispersion of assets helps mitigate risk to our business from an adverse event affecting a specific facility; however, if we were to incur a significant loss or liability for which we were not insured in full or in part, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
All derivatives are accounted for on a fair value basis and reported as other investments, other assets and other liabilities and accrued expenses. Embedded derivative instruments subject to bifurcation are also accounted for on a fair value basis and are reported together with the host contract. Cash flows from other derivatives are reported in cash flows from investing activities within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
For derivatives for which hedge accounting is not applied, the income statement effects, including fair value gains and losses and accrued periodic settlements, are reported either in net gains and losses on investments and derivatives or in a single line item together with the results of the associated asset or liability for which risks are being managed. 
The Company’s business activities include securities lending transactions, which are used primarily to generate net investment income. The proceeds received in conjunction with securities lending transactions can be reinvested in short-term investments or fixed income securities. These transactions are short-term in nature, usually 30 days or less.
