BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
The following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at December 31, 2018 , and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.    
Represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial term of one year or more. Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $43 million  due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases. 
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and freight service on railroad lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. In addition, we sell time on these ocean freight vessels when excess freight capacity is available. These agreements range from two months to approximately seven years  in the case of ocean freight vessels and approximately eight years  in the case of railroad services. Actual amounts paid under these contracts may differ due to the variable components of these agreements and the amount of income earned by us on the sale of excess capacity. The railroad freight services agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used by us. The costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
(a) Reclassified amounts for foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings as Net Foreign exchange (gain) loss; gains (losses) on marketable equity securities are recorded as Other (income) expense and gains/losses related to cash flow hedges are recorded as Cost of products sold. Net actuarial losses and prior service cost is included as a component of net periodic benefit cost — see Note 14 for additional information. 
On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in Abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of Abbott common stock, based on Abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, approximately $5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical's debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by Abbott. The acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market. 
Under the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an Abbott stock price of $39.36, which reflects the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total purchase consideration of $23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, for example, overage fees, contingent fees or service level penalties, the Company includes an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. 
Cloud Services allow customers to use the Company's multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Substantially all of the Company’s subscription service arrangements are non-cancelable and do not contain refund-type provisions. 
Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term and perpetual software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from term and perpetual
