BOEING CO report:
As of December 31, 2020 the Company has recorded valuation allowances of $ 3,094 primarily for certain federal deferred tax assets, state net operating loss carryforwards, and state tax credits. To measure the valuation allowance, the Company estimated in what year each of its deferred tax assets and liabilities would reverse using systematic and logical methods to determine the reversal patterns. Based on these methods, deferred tax liabilities are assumed to reverse and generate taxable income over the next 5 to 10 years while deferred tax assets related to pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are assumed to reverse and generate tax deductions over the next 15 to 20 years. The valuation allowance primarily results from not having sufficient income from deferred tax liability reversals in the appropriate future periods to support the realization of deferred tax assets. Because the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are recorded to both continuing operations and other comprehensive income (OCI), the Company recorded a portion of the fourth quarter increase in the valuation allowance to income tax expense in continuing operations ($ 2,513 ) and a portion to OCI ($ 196 ). If the Company continues to generate losses and negative normalized earnings in future periods, additional valuation allowances may have to be recorded with corresponding adverse impacts on earnings and/or OCI. When income generation returns to more normal levels we can expect to see the allowance reverse and increase reported earnings and/or OCI. 
The TCJA one-time repatriation tax and Global Intangible Low Tax Income liabilities effectively taxed the undistributed earnings previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. We have not provided for foreign withholding tax on the undistributed earnings from our non-U.S. subsidiaries because such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. If such earnings were to be distributed, any foreign withholding tax would not be significant. 
As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the amounts accrued for the payment of income tax-related interest and penalties included in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position were not significant. The amounts of interest included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations were not significant for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Our research and development activities are focused on developing products and improving processes that will drive growth or otherwise add value to our core business operations. In our refined and specialty oils and milling businesses, we have several research and development centers globally to support product development and enhancement. Additionally, Bunge Ventures, our corporate venture capital unit, invests in start-ups and other early-stage companies that are developing new technologies relevant to our industries. Additionally, we invest capital and human resources in digital innovations, aimed at using technology, data and analytics to improve how we perform our most important functions across our value chains, including origination, production, logistics, and customer experience. 
We own trademarks, patents, and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However, neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark, patent, or license. 
In our Agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year, since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres, and we sell and distribute products throughout the year. However, the first quarter of the year has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the North and South American oilseed harvests, as the North American harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, and the South American harvest peaks in the second quarter. Our North and South American grain merchandising and oilseed processing activities are, therefore, generally at lower levels during the first quarter.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company records compensation expense related to awards under these plans over the shorter of the period in which the requisite service is rendered or retirement eligibility is attained. Compensation expense for performance share awards is based on the probable number of awards expected to vest using the performance level most likely to be achieved at the end of the performance period. As of December 31, 2018 , total unrecognized compensation cost related to all nonvested awards was $89 million , of which $29 million  related to nonqualified stock options which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average vesting period of 1.71 years, $23 million  related to restricted stock units which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average vesting period of 1.69 years and $37 million  related to performance stock awards which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average vesting period of 1.59 years. 
Options are granted to employees with exercise prices equal to the closing share price of the Company’s common stock on the applicable grant date. Options granted to employees on or after February 18, 2014 vest ratably over a three -year period. Options granted prior to February 18, 2014 vest 50%  on the second anniversary of the grant date and 25%  on each of the third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. Vesting is subject to continued service, except for employees who are retirement eligible and in certain other limited circumstances. Options may be exercised once vested and will expire no later than ten  years after the date of grant. 
Restricted stock units for directors vest immediately and convert into shares of stock on the earlier of the day of the third anniversary of the grant date or the date the director’s service terminates, unless a deferred period of restriction is elected. Restricted stock units granted to directors prior to
