COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The computation of basic net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares that were outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares in the basic net income per share calculation plus the number of common shares that would be issued assuming vesting of all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding using the treasury stock method for shares subject to RSUs. 
Repurchased shares of common stock are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act. The par value of repurchased shares is deducted from common stock and the excess repurchase price over par value is deducted by allocation to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. The amount allocated to additional paid-in capital is the current value of additional paid-in capital per share outstanding and is applied to the number of shares repurchased. Any remaining amount is allocated to retained earnings. See Note 7 for additional information. 
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-02 - Leases (ASC 842), which required recognition on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by leases with terms greater than 12 months. The Company adopted ASC 842, using the modified retrospective transition method and used September 2, 2019, as the date of initial application. Consequently, the comparative periods presented continue to be in accordance with ASC 840, Leases, previously in effect.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Many risk drivers impact more than one of these key risk categories. Examples include risks related to the Coronavirus, inflation, and ESG factors. Such risks are managed within processes listed above, but overall strategy is coordinated at the enterprise level, and holistic governance is provided by cross-functional committees such as the Enterprise Risk and Return Council and ESG Steering Committee. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. The most critical estimates, presented in the order they appear in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, include those used in determining: 
In making these determinations, management makes subjective and complex judgments that frequently require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. Many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our businesses and operations. It is reasonably likely that changes in these estimates could occur from period to period and result in a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

BOEING CO report:
We will continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in future quarters. Changes in our forecasts, discount rates, or decreases in the value of our common stock could cause book values to exceed their fair values which may result in goodwill impairment charges in future periods. 
Many of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. Nonunion and the majority of union employees that had participated in defined benefit pension plans transitioned to a company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plan in 2016. Additional union employees transitioned to company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plans effective January 1, 2019. Accounting rules require an annual measurement of our projected obligation and plan assets. These measurements are based upon several assumptions, including the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of asset return. Future changes in assumptions or differences between actual and expected outcomes can significantly affect our future annual expense, projected benefit obligation and Shareholders’ equity. 
The projected benefit obligation is sensitive to discount rates. The projected benefit obligation would decrease by $2,591 million or increase by $2,930 million if the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points. A 25 basis point change in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on pension cost. However, net periodic pension cost is sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. A decrease or increase of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have increased or decreased 2020 net periodic pension cost by $145 million.
