COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Claims for employee health-care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. We use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims over time. While we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. Historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. 
Our exposure to financial market risk results from fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions or hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment holdings that are diversified among various instruments considered to be cash equivalents, as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report, as well as short-term investments in government and agency securities with effective maturities of generally three months to five years at the date of purchase. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and secondarily to generate yields. The majority of our short-term investments are in fixed interest-rate securities. These securities are subject to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in Abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of Abbott common stock, based on Abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, approximately $5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical's debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by Abbott. The acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market. 
Under the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an Abbott stock price of $39.36, which reflected the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total purchase consideration of $23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid. 
The goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is identifiable to the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products reportable segment. The acquired tangible assets consist primarily of trade accounts receivable of approximately $1.1 billion, inventory of approximately $1.7 billion, other current assets of $176 million, property and equipment of approximately $1.5 billion, and other long-term assets of approximately $455 million. The acquired tangible liabilities consist of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities of approximately $1.1 billion and other non-current liabilities of approximately $870 million.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our propylene production facilities and related operations include propylene fractionation (or splitter) units, a PDH facility, propylene pipelines, propylene export assets and related petrochemical marketing activities.
Propylene production and related marketing activities . Propylene is a key feedstock used by the petrochemical industry. There are three grades of propylene: polymer grade propylene (“PGP”), with a minimum purity of 99.5%; chemical grade propylene (“CGP”), with a minimum purity of approximately 93-94%; and refinery grade propylene (“RGP”), with a purity of approximately 70%. Propylene fractionation units separate RGP, which is a mixture of propane and propylene, into either PGP or CGP. Our PDH facility produces PGP using propane feedstocks. The demand for PGP primarily relates to the manufacture of polypropylene, which has a variety of end uses including packaging film, fiber for carpets and upholstery, molded plastic parts for appliances, and automotive, houseware and medical products. CGP is a basic petrochemical used in the manufacturing of plastics, synthetic fibers and foams.
To the extent we fractionate RGP for customers, we enter into toll processing arrangements. In our petrochemical marketing activities, we purchase RGP on the open market for fractionation at our splitter units and sell the resulting PGP to customers at market-based prices. The results of this marketing activity are primarily dependent upon the difference, or spread, between the sales prices of the PGP and the associated purchase and other costs, including the costs attributable to use of our propylene production assets and related infrastructure. To limit the exposure of these marketing activities to price risk, we attempt to match the timing and price of our feedstock purchases with those of the sales of end products.
