ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Jonah Gathering System is located in the Greater Green River Basin of southwest Wyoming. This system gathers natural gas from the Jonah and Pinedale supply fields for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Pioneer facility.
 • The San Juan Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the San Juan Basin in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado and delivers the natural gas either directly into interstate pipelines or to regional natural gas plants, including our Chaco facility, for further processing prior to being transported on interstate pipelines.
 • The Permian Basin Gathering System is comprised of the 1,051-mile Carlsbad pipeline system, the 614-mile Waha pipeline system, the 34-mile Orla pipeline system and the 23-mile Mentone pipeline system. The Permian Basin Gathering System gathers natural gas from the Permian Basin for delivery to regional natural gas processing facilities, including our Chaparral, South Eddy, Waha, Mentone and Orla plants, and delivers residue and treated natural gas into our Texas Intrastate System and third-party pipelines.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Other revenue increased 30% primarily due to the formation and consolidation of the MTG joint venture (then known as VTEN) during the third quarter of the current year. (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) 
Costs of revenues increased 3% for the year ended December 31, 2017. Excluding the impact of OWN and MTG transactions and the Group Nine Transaction, costs of revenue increased 1%. Content amortization was $752 million and $716 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 4%. Excluding the impact of OWN and MTG transactions and the Group Nine Transaction, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 1% for the year ended December 31, 2017. Increased spending on viewer research was offset by decreases in personnel and marketing costs.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Merchandise costs consist of the purchase price or manufacturing costs of inventory sold, inbound and outbound shipping charges and all costs related to the Company’s depot, fulfillment and manufacturing operations, including freight from depots to selling warehouses, and are reduced by vendor consideration. Merchandise costs also include salaries, benefits, depreciation, and utilities in fresh foods and certain ancillary departments. 
The Company has agreements to receive funds from vendors for discounts and a variety of other programs. These programs are evidenced by signed agreements that are reflected in the carrying value of the inventory when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning the rebate or discount, and as a component of merchandise costs as the merchandise is sold. Other vendor consideration is generally recorded as a reduction of merchandise costs upon completion of contractual milestones, terms of the related agreement, or by another systematic approach. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and workers’ compensation costs for warehouse employees (other than fresh foods departments and certain ancillary businesses which are reflected in merchandise costs) as well as all regional and home office employees, including buying personnel. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include substantially all building and equipment depreciation, stock compensation expense, credit and debit card processing fees, utilities, as well as other operating costs incurred to support warehouse and e-commerce website operations.
