BOEING CO report:
Capital Resources We have substantial borrowing capacity. Any future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants as described below. We have a commercial paper program that serves as a source of short-term liquidity. At December 31, 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 , commercial paper borrowings totaling $6,109 million , $1,895 million and $600 million , respectively, which were supported by unused commitments under the revolving credit agreement. At December 31, 2019 , we had $9.6 billion of unused borrowing capacity on revolving credit line agreements. We anticipate that these credit lines will primarily serve as backup liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs. 
Customer financing commitments totaled $13.4 billion and $19.5 billion at December 31, 2019 and 2018 . The decrease primarily relates to financing commitment expirations and terminations. We anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments as we continue to work with third party financiers to provide alternative financing to customers. Historically, we have not been 
As previously announced, we plan to acquire an 80% ownership stake in a joint venture comprised of the commercial aircraft and services operations of Embraer for $4.2 billion. We expect the transaction to close in the first half of 2020.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as deteriorating or adverse market conditions, indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of the reporting unit including goodwill may exceed the fair value of the reporting unit. The goodwill impairment analysis is performed at the reporting unit level. 
Intangible assets (reported in other assets) consist of capitalized costs primarily related to acquired distribution and customer relationships, trade names and licenses, technology and other assets. The estimated useful lives of distribution and customer relationships, technology and other intangible assets are generally 10 years, 5 years and 7 years, respectively. Intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. 
($ in millions) 2022 2021 Distribution and customer relationships $ 697   $ 909   Trade names and licenses 179   206   Technology and other 301   305   Total $ 1,177   $ 1,420

SALESFORCE INC report:
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Datorama was approximately $ 766 million, which consisted of $ 136 million of cash, $ 537 million of common stock issued and $ 93 million of fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 202 million for developed technology and customer relationships with estimated useful lives of one to eight years . The Company recorded approximately $ 586 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities from integrating Datorama’s technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income taxes purposes. 
In May 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of MuleSoft, which provides a platform for building application networks that connect enterprise apps, data and devices, across any cloud and on-premise solution. 
The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for MuleSoft was approximately $ 6.4 billion, which consisted of $ 4.9 billion of cash, $ 1.2 billion of common stock issued and $ 387 million of fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards assumed. The Company recorded approximately $ 1.3 billion for acquired intangible assets, which primarily consisted of $ 1.0 billion for customer relationships and $ 224 million for developed technology, with an estimated useful life ranging from one to eight years . Developed technology represents the fair value of MuleSoft's Anypoint technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with MuleSoft customers. The Company recorded approximately $ 4.8 billion of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating MuleSoft's Anypoint technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.
