SALESFORCE INC report:
To a lesser extent, we also have a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and who then assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers whom they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription service. 
Our marketing strategy is to promote our brand and generate demand for our offerings. We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities on the cities and countries with the largest market opportunity. 
• Customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and World Tours, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events;

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the postretirement health care plans. A one percentage-point increase in assumed health care cost trend rates would increase net periodic benefit cost for other postretirement benefits by $27 million . A one 
Target funding levels  are established in accordance with applicable regulations, including those under the Internal Revenue Code for U.S. pension plans, and generally accepted actuarial principles. Our funding levels were within our targeted range as of December 31, 2018 . In 2018 , we contributed $16 million  to our unfunded non-qualified plans and zero to the qualified funded pension plans. We expect to contribute $26 million  and zero to these plans, respectively, for the 2019  fiscal year. This estimate could change significantly based on market conditions. 
Shareholders’ equity  decreased in 2018, primarily due to decreased net unrealized capital gains on investments, common share repurchases and dividends paid to shareholders, partially offset by net income and issuance of preferred stock. In 2018 , we paid dividends of $614 million and $134 million related to our common and preferred shares, respectively. Shareholders’ equity increased in 2017, primarily due to net income, increased unrealized net capital gains on investments and lower unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs, partially offset by common share repurchases and dividends paid to shareholders.

BOEING CO report:
The equity method of accounting is used to account for investments for which we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over an investee. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if we have an ownership interest in the voting stock of an investee of between 20 % and 50 % . The cumulative earnings approach is used for cash flow classification of distributions received from equity method investments. 
Other Equity investments are recorded at fair value, with gains and losses recorded through net earnings. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are measured at cost, less impairments, plus or minus observable price changes. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are assessed for impairment quarterly. 
We classify investment income and loss on our Consolidated Statements of Operations based on whether the investment is operating or non-operating in nature. Operating investments align strategically and are integrated with our operations. Earnings from operating investments, including our share of income or loss from equity method investments, dividend income from other equity investments, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments, are recorded in Income from operating investments, net. Non-operating investments are those we hold for non-strategic purposes. Earnings from non-operating investments, including interest and dividends on marketable securities, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments are recorded in Other income/(loss), net.
