MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, on August 1, 2022, the Company acquired Clif Bar for purchase price consideration of $2.6 billion. Of the acquired indefinite life intangible assets, management allocated $1.45 billion to trade names, which primarily relate to the Clif trade name. The fair value for the Clif trade name was determined using the relief from royalty method. Significant assumptions used by management in assessing the fair value include estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates. 
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the Clif trade name acquired in the acquisition of Clif Bar is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value of the Clif trade name acquired; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statement. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls related to acquisition accounting, including controls over management’s valuation of the Clif trade name acquired and controls over the development of significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the purchase agreement; (ii) testing management’s process for developing the fair value of the Clif trade name acquired; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the relief from royalty method; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to estimates of future sales, discount and royalty rates. Evaluating management’s significant assumption related to estimates of future sales involved evaluating whether the assumption used by management was reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Clif Bar business; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether this assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the Company’s relief from royalty method and (ii) the reasonableness of the discount and royalty rate significant assumptions.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In December 2020, management determined that the carrying value of our natural gas pipelines and services reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value. This reporting unit, which reflects the operations of our Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment, includes our natural gas gathering and transmission pipelines, storage facilities and related marketing activities. The long-term outlook for natural gas production in certain supply basins such as the Rocky Mountains and East Texas is expected to remain lower for longer due to reduced drilling activity. In addition, the decline in pipeline revenues attributable to lower regional natural gas price spreads is expected to adversely impact the future cash flows of our transmission pipelines. These factors, coupled with an increase in the estimated rate of return required for such businesses by market participants, resulted in the fair value of this reporting unit being less than its carrying value at December 31, 2020. The resulting goodwill impairment charge of $296.3 million represents the entire amount of goodwill attributable to this reporting unit.
We did not record any goodwill impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2019. Based on our most recent goodwill impairment test at December 31, 2020, the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units, with the exception of our natural gas pipelines and services reporting unit, was at least 10% in excess of its carrying value.
As noted previously, preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates that affect amounts presented in the financial statements. Due to the time required to compile actual billing information and receive third party data needed to record transactions, we routinely employ estimates in connection with revenue and expense amounts in order to meet our accelerated financial reporting deadlines.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
As of February 21, 2020 , we employed approximately 5,500 employees globally. Our principal executive office is located at 9800 Northwest 41 st Street, Miami, Florida 33178 and our telephone number at this address is 305‑428‑8000. Our internet address is http://www.wfscorp.com and the investor relations section of our website is located at http://ir.wfscorp.com. We make available free of charge, on or through the investor relations section of our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10‑K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10‑Q, Current Reports on Form 8‑K, Proxy Statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Also posted on our website are our Code of Conduct (“Code of Conduct”), Board of Directors’ committee charters and Corporate Governance Principles. Our internet website and information contained on our internet website are not part of this 2019 10‑K Report and are not incorporated by reference in this 2019 10‑K Report. 
We operate in three reportable segments consisting of aviation, land and marine. During each of the years presented on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, none of our aviation, land or marine customers accounted for more than 10% of any segment or total consolidated revenue. Financial information with respect to our business segments and the geographic areas of our business is provided below and within "Note 13. Business Segments, Geographic Information and Major Customers" within "Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" included in this 2019 10-K Report. 
We provide global aviation fuel supply and comprehensive service solutions to major commercial airlines, second and third-tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low-cost carriers, airports, fixed based operators, corporate fleets, fractional operators and private aircraft. Our aviation‑related service offerings include fuel management, price risk management, ground handling, 24/7 global dispatch services, and international trip planning services, including flight plans, weather reports and overflight permits. We also supply products and services to U.S. and foreign government and military customers, such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") and the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency (collectively, "government customers"). In addition, we offer card payment solutions and related processing services and technology.
