SALESFORCE INC report:
As described in Note 1, subscription and support revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract. License revenue is recognized as the licenses are delivered. The Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings. The Company's standard billing terms are annual in advance. Contract assets were $ 477 million as of January 31, 2021 as compared to $ 449 million as of January 31, 2020, and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and deferred tax assets and other assets, net on the consolidated balance sheet. Impairments of contract assets were immaterial during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The unearned revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. The Company generally invoices customers in annual installments. The unearned revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter. 
Revenue recognized ratably over time is generally billed in advance and includes Cloud Services and the related support and advisory services. The majority of revenue recognized for these services is from the beginning of period unearned revenue balance.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
refines our estimate of interest cost by applying the individual spot rates from a yield curve composed of the rates of return on several hundred high-quality fixed income corporate bonds available at the measurement date. These individual spot rates align with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments and therefore provide a more precise estimate of interest cost. 
Our current and deferred income taxes and associated valuation allowances are impacted by events and transactions arising in the normal course of business as well as in connection with the adoption of new accounting standards, changes in tax laws and rates, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and non-recurring items. As a global commercial enterprise, our income tax rate and the classification of income taxes can be affected by many factors, including estimates of the timing and realization of deferred income tax assets and the timing and amount of income tax payments. We account for tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in accordance with the accounting standard relating to the uncertainty in income taxes, which requires the use of a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We review and adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits based on our best judgment given the facts, circumstances and information available at each reporting date. To the extent that the final outcome of these tax positions is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may impact income tax expense and actual tax payments. We recognize any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Actual tax payments may materially differ from estimated liabilities as a result of changes in tax laws as well as unanticipated transactions impacting related income tax balances. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
Our Property, plant and equipment balance represents a significant component of our consolidated assets. We record Property, plant and equipment at cost. We depreciate Property, plant and equipment on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets. We expect that a one year increase in estimated useful lives of our Property, plant and equipment would result in a decrease to our 2020 depreciation expense of $2.7 billion and that a one year decrease would result in an increase of approximately $4.5 billion in our 2020 depreciation expense.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Derivative financial instruments include interest rate swaps, credit default swaps, futures (interest rate and equity), options (including swaptions), interest rate caps, warrants and rights, foreign currency swaps, foreign currency forwards, total return swaps and certain investment risk transfer reinsurance agreements. Derivatives required to be separated from the host instrument and accounted for as derivative financial instruments (“subject to bifurcation”) are embedded in equity-indexed life and annuity contracts and reinsured variable annuity contracts. 
All derivatives are accounted for on a fair value basis and reported as other investments, other assets, other liabilities and accrued expenses or contractholder funds. Embedded derivative instruments subject to bifurcation are also accounted for on a fair value basis and are reported together with the host contract. The change in fair value of derivatives embedded in life and annuity product contracts and subject to bifurcation is reported in life and annuity contract benefits or interest credited to contractholder funds. Cash flows from embedded derivatives subject to bifurcation and derivatives receiving hedge accounting are reported consistently with the host contracts and hedged risks, respectively, within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Cash flows from other derivatives are reported in cash flows from investing activities within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
When derivatives meet specific criteria, they may be designated as accounting hedges and accounted for as fair value, cash flow, foreign currency fair value or foreign currency cash flow hedges. The hedged item may be either all or a specific portion of a recognized asset, liability or an unrecognized firm commitment attributable to a particular risk for fair value hedges. At the inception of the hedge, the Company formally documents the hedging relationship and risk management objective and strategy. The documentation identifies the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and the methodology used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging instrument in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value attributable to the hedged risk. For a cash flow hedge, this documentation includes the exposure to changes in the variability in cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. The Company does not exclude any component of the change in fair value of the hedging instrument from the effectiveness assessment. At each reporting date, the Company confirms that the hedging instrument continues to be highly effective in offsetting the hedged risk.
