BOEING CO report:
I n November 2020, the Company contributed $ 3,000 of our common stock to the pension fund. An independent fiduciary was retained to manage and liquidate the stock over time at its discretion. Plan assets included $ 3,298 and $ 0 of our common stock as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. 
Risk Management In managing the pension assets, we review and manage risk associated with funded status risk, interest rate risk, market risk, counterparty risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. Liability matching and asset class diversification are central to our risk management approach and are integral to the overall investment strategy. Further, asset classes are constructed to achieve diversification by investment strategy, by investment manager, by industry or sector and by holding. Investment manager guidelines for publicly traded assets are specified and are monitored regularly through the custodian. Credit parameters for counterparties have been established for managers permitted to trade over-the-counter derivatives. Valuation is governed through several types of procedures, including reviews of manager valuation policies, custodian valuation processes, pricing vendor practices, pricing reconciliation, and periodic, security-specific valuation testing. 
Fair Value Measurements The following table presents our plan assets using the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 refers to fair values determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs, and Level 3 includes fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs.

SALESFORCE INC report:
As we continue our trend in profitability, we expect to utilize our net operating loss carryforward and various tax credits to reduce our cash tax payments. For example, our Federal net operating loss carryforwards are $2.1 billion  as of January 31, 
2019 as compared to $2.7 billion as of January 31, 2018. We expect our cash tax payments for the next 12 months, primarily from profitable jurisdictions outside of the U.S, to be consistent with those paid in prior years. 
See Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to the consolidated  financial statements for our discussion about new accounting pronouncements adopted and those pending.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
(2) Represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial terms of one year or more. Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $101 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases. 
(3) Represents purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and railroad freight lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. The ocean freight service agreements are short term contracts with a duration of less than a year. Ocean freight service agreements with terms in excess of one year are included in non-cancelable lease obligations. The railroad freight service agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used. The costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our products. However, changes in the market value of such freight services compared to the rates at which we have contracted them may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities. 
(5) Does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. As of December 31, 2022, Bunge had uncertain income tax liabilities of $59 million, including interest and penalties. At this time, we are
