ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• The Eagle Ford Gathering System consists of 30-inch and 42-inch natural gas gathering pipelines with over 1.4 Bcf/d of capacity originating in Dimmitt County, Texas, and extending to both our King Ranch gas plant in Kleberg County, Texas and Jackson plant in Jackson County, Texas. The Eagle Ford Gathering System includes four processing plants (Chisholm, Kenedy, Jackson and King Ranch) with aggregate capacity of 1.9 Bcf/d. Our Chisholm, Kenedy, Jackson and King Ranch processing plants are connected to our intrastate transportation pipeline systems for deliveries of residue gas and are also connected with our NGL pipelines for delivery of NGLs to Lone Star. 
• Our Northern Louisiana assets are comprised of several gathering systems in the Haynesville Shale with access to multiple markets through interconnects with several pipelines, including our Tiger Pipeline. Our Northern Louisiana assets include the Bistineau, Creedence, and Tristate Systems, which collectively include three natural gas treating facilities, with aggregate capacity of 2.1 Bcf/d. 
• The Ark-La-Tex assets gather, compress, treat and dehydrate natural gas in several parishes in north and west Louisiana and several counties in East Texas. These assets also include cryogenic natural gas processing facilities, a refrigeration plant, a conditioning plant, amine treating plants, a residue gas pipeline that provides market access for natural gas from our processing plants, including connections with pipelines that provide access to the Perryville Hub and other markets in the Gulf Coast region, and an NGL pipeline that provides connections to the Mont Belvieu market for NGLs produced from our processing plants. Collectively, the eleven natural gas processing facilities (Dubach, Dubberly, Lisbon, Salem, Elm Grove, Minden, Ada, Brookeland, Lincoln Parish, Rosewood and Mt. Olive) have an aggregate capacity of 1.4Bcf/d. In connection with the Enable Acquisition in December 2021, we acquired three processing plants (Panola, Sligo and Waskom) which have an aggregate capacity of 0.6 Bcf/d.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
PDH 2 is expected to have the capacity to upgrade 35 MBPD of propane into 1.65 billion pounds per year (equivalent to 25 MBPD) of PGP and begin service in the second quarter of 2023. Once PDH 2 is placed into service and integrated with PDH 1 and our other propylene production facilities, we will have the capability to produce 11 billion pounds of propylene per year.
Polymer grade propylene prices represent average contract pricing for such product as reported by IHS Chemical, a division of IHS Inc. (“IHS Chemical”). Refinery grade propylene (“RGP”) prices represent weighted-average spot prices for such product as reported by IHS Chemical.
The “Indicative Gas Processing Gross Spread” represents our generic estimate of the gross economic benefit from extracting NGLs from natural gas production based on certain pricing assumptions. Specifically, it is the amount by which the assumed economic value of a composite gallon of NGLs at Mont Belvieu, Texas exceeds the value of the equivalent amount of energy in natural gas at Henry Hub, Louisiana. Our estimate of the indicative spread does not consider the operating costs incurred by a natural gas processing facility to extract the NGLs nor the transportation and fractionation costs to deliver the NGLs to market. In addition, the actual gas processing spread earned at each plant is determined by regional pricing and extraction dynamics.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
We expect to continue to make payments for income taxes and interest on our outstanding senior notes. During the year ended December 31, 2019 , we made cash payments of $562 million and $708 million for income taxes and interest on our outstanding debt, respectively. 
The Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 Notes and 2049 Notes to redeem and repurchase $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. The repayment resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $23 million . 
The Company redeemed $411 million aggregate principal senior notes and made open market bond repurchases of $55 million during the year ended December 31, 2019 , resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $5 million .
