COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company recognizes foreign-currency transaction gains and losses related to revaluing or settling monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward foreign-exchange contracts. These items were immaterial in 2020, 2019, and 2018. 
The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09 in 2019, which provided for changes in the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The Company recognizes sales for the amount of consideration collected from the member, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, and is net of sales taxes collected and remitted to government agencies and member returns. The Company reserves for estimated returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns and reduces sales and merchandise costs accordingly. The Company records, on a gross basis, a refund liability and an asset for recovery, which are included in other current liabilities and other current assets, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The Company offers merchandise in the following core merchandise categories: food and sundries, hardlines, softlines, and fresh foods. The Company also provides expanded products and services through warehouse ancillary and other businesses. The majority of revenue from merchandise sales is recognized at the point of sale. Revenue generated through e-commerce or special orders is generally recognized upon shipment to the member. For merchandise shipped directly to the member, shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred as fulfillment costs and included in merchandise costs in the consolidated statements of income. In certain ancillary businesses, revenue is deferred until the member picks up merchandise at the warehouse. Deferred sales are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans In August 2018, the FASB issued amendments to modify certain disclosure requirements for defined benefit plans. New disclosures include the weighted-average interest crediting rates for cash balance plans and other plans with interest crediting rates and explanations for significant gains and losses related to changes in the benefit obligation during the reporting period. Disclosures to be eliminated include amounts expected to be reclassified out of AOCI and into the income statement in the coming year and the anticipated impact of a one-percentage point change in the assumed health care cost trend rate on service and interest cost and on the accumulated benefit obligation. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020. The impacts of adoption are to the Company’s disclosures only. 
Accounting for Long-Duration Insurance Contracts In August 2018, the FASB issued guidance revising the accounting for certain long-duration insurance contracts. The new guidance introduces material changes to the measurement of the Company’s reserves for traditional life, life-contingent immediate annuities and certain voluntary accident and health insurance products. 
Under the new guidance, measurement assumptions, including those for mortality, morbidity and policy terminations, will be required to be reviewed and updated at least annually. The effect of updating measurement assumptions other than the discount rate are required to be measured on a retrospective

BOEING CO report:
Environmental Remediation We are involved with various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability of $570 million at December 31, 2019 . For additional information, see Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) which we supplement with certain non-GAAP financial information. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share exclude the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. The FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the FAS pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Core earnings per share excludes both the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment and non-operating pension and postretirement expenses. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with GAAP are allocated to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. 
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in (loss)/earnings from operations during 2019 was a benefit of $1,071 million , largely consistent with a benefit of $1,005 million in 2018 and $1,127 million in 2017 . The non-operating pension expense included in Other income, net was a benefit of $374 million in 2019 , $143 million in 2018 and $117 million in 2017 . The benefits in 2019, 2018, and 2017 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses.
