MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The Governance, Membership and Public Affairs Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our sustainable snacking and mindful snacking strategies. Our goals are part of our strategic planning process, and therefore, progress and key activities are regularly reported to the Board of Directors and the business leadership teams. Climate change, CO 2 emissions, energy, well-being and other sustainability matters are key focus areas in our strategy. 
We have been recognized for our ongoing economic, environmental and social contributions. Each year since we created Mondelēz International in 2012 we have been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (“DJSI”) – World and North American Indices. The DJSI selects the top 10% of global companies and top 20% of North American companies based on an extensive review of financial and sustainability programs within each industry. We are at the 97th percentile of our industry according to the latest DJSI report. 
We own numerous trademarks and patents in many countries around the world. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are renewable for fixed terms. We also have patents for a number of current and potential products. Our patents cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
The following information describes the principal effects of regulation on our operations, including those regulations involving safety and environmental matters and the rates we charge customers for transportation services. 
The safe operation of our pipelines and other assets is a top priority. We are committed to protecting the environment and the health and safety of the public and those working on our behalf by conducting our business activities in a safe and environmentally responsible manner. 
Certain of our facilities are subject to general industry requirements of the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (“OSHA”), and comparable state statutes. We believe we are in material compliance with OSHA and similar state requirements, including general industry standards, record keeping requirements and monitoring of occupational exposures of employees.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Distribution revenue increased 8% in 2017 compared to 2016. Excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, distribution revenue increased 7%. U.S. Networks distribution revenue increases were driven by increases in affiliate fee rates and increases in SVOD revenue partially offset by a decline in affiliate subscribers. Total U.S. Networks portfolio subscribers declined 5% for the year ended December 31, 2017, while subscribers to our fully distributed networks declined 3% for the same period. International Networks' distribution revenue increase was mostly due to increases in contractual rates in Europe following further investment in sports content, and to a lesser extent increases in Latin America due to increases in rates offset by decreases in subscribers. Contributions from other distribution revenues also contributed slightly to growth. Other distribution revenues were comprised of content deliveries under licensing agreements. These increases were partially offset by decreases in contractual rates in Asia. 
Advertising revenue increased 3% in 2017 compared to 2016. The increase for our U.S. Networks was primarily due to pricing increases and continued monetization of our GO platform, partially offset by lower audience delivery due to continued linear distribution audience universe declines. International Networks' increases were primarily due to increased volume across key markets in Europe, particularly Southern Europe and Germany, and Latin America. The increase was partially offset by declines in ad sales due to lower pricing and volume in Asia. 
Other revenue increased 4% compared with the prior year, primarily due to the formation and consolidation of the MTG joint venture (then known as VTEN) during the third quarter of the current year. (See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
