ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Drug product development. • Phase I bioequivalence studies to compare a future Established Pharmaceutical's brand with an already marketed compound with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient (API). • Phase II studies to test the efficacy of benefits in a small group of patients. • Phase III studies to broaden the testing to a wider population that reflects the actual medical use. • Phase IV and other post-marketing studies to obtain new clinical use data on existing products within approved indications. The specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. The process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as China. 
• Discovery which focuses on identification of a product that will address a specific therapeutic area, platform, or unmet clinical need. • Concept/Feasibility during which the materials and manufacturing processes are evaluated, testing may include product characterization and analysis is performed to confirm clinical utility. • Development during which extensive testing is performed to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design specifications conform to user needs and intended uses. The regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. In the U.S., the FDA classifies diagnostic products into classes (I, II, or III) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. While the Diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as Class I or Class II. Submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for Class I products. Class II devices typically require pre-market notification to the FDA through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. Most Class III products are subject to the FDA's Pre-Marketing Approval (PMA) requirements. Other Class III products, such as those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a Biological License Application (BLA). 
In the European Union (EU), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which is governed by the European In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Directive, depends upon the category. Certain product categories require review and approval by an independent

SALESFORCE INC report:
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the accelerated shift to cloud and hosted service offerings and customer experience management solutions. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings and verticals. 
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than five percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-cloud and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Gross operating margin from our TE Products Pipeline increased $18.7 million year-to-year primarily due to higher deficiency fee revenues, which accounted for a $26.1 million increase, and higher average transportation fees, which accounted for an additional $8.9 million increase, partially offset by lower transportation volumes, which accounted for an $18.3 million decrease. Transportation volumes on the TE Products Pipeline decreased 79 MBPD primarily due to lower refined products and petrochemical product movements. Gross operating margin from refined products terminals associated with our TE Products Pipeline decreased $12.0 million year-to-year primarily due to higher operating costs, which accounted for a $7.5 million decrease, and lower facility throughput fee revenues, which accounted for an additional $4.5 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our refined products marketing activities increased $9.3 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales margins, which accounted for an $18.7 million increase, partially offset by lower non-cash mark-to-market earnings, which accounted for an $8.9 million decrease. Non-cash mark-to-market earnings for this business was a loss of $7.2 million in 2019 compared to a $1.7 million gain in 2018.
Gross operating margin from our refined products terminal in Beaumont, Texas decreased $11.1 million year-to-year primarily due to lower storage revenues, which accounted for a $7.7 million decrease, and lower terminaling volumes of 23 MBPD, which accounted for an additional $3.3 million decrease.
