SALESFORCE INC report:
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date, which is recorded in net gains (losses) on strategic investments within the consolidated  statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within net gains (losses) on strategic investments in the consolidated  statement of operations. 
The Company categorizes leases at their inception as either operating or capital leases. In certain lease agreements, the Company may receive rent holidays and other incentives. The Company recognizes lease costs on a straight-line basis once control of the space is achieved, without regard to deferred payment terms such as rent holidays that defer the commencement date of required payments. Additionally, incentives received are treated as a reduction of costs over the term of the agreement. 
The Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are depreciated over the lease period to operating expense.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Cushing Facilities. The Cushing Facility, which was acquired by ET in the SemGroup acquisition and contributed to ETO in January 2020, has approximately 7.7 MMBbls of crude oil storage, of which 5.7 MMBbls are leased to customers and 2.0 MMBbls are available for crude oil operations, blending and marketing activities. The storage terminal has inbound connections with the White Cliffs Pipeline from Platteville, Colorado, the Great Salt Plains Pipeline from Cherokee, Oklahoma, the Cimarron Pipeline from Boyer, Kansas, and two-way connections with all of the other major storage terminals in Cushing. The Cushing terminal also includes truck unloading facilities. 
Our crude oil acquisition and marketing operations are conducted using our assets, which include approximately 363 crude oil transport trucks, 350 trailers and approximately 166 crude oil truck unloading facilities, as well as third-party truck, rail, pipeline and marine assets. 
Sunoco LP is a distributor of motor fuels and other petroleum products which Sunoco LP supplies to third-party dealers and distributors, to independent operators of commission agent locations and other commercial consumers of motor fuel. Also included in the wholesale operations are transmix processing plants and refined products terminals. Transmix is the mixture of various refined products (primarily gasoline and diesel) created in the supply chain (primarily in pipelines and terminals) when various products interface with each other. Transmix processing plants separate this mixture and return it to salable products of gasoline and diesel.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
As reported in 2017, we increased our annual membership fees in the U.S. and Canada and in certain of our Other International operations. We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. These fee increases had a positive impact of approximately $178 in 2018 and positively impacted 2019, primarily the first two quarters, by approximately $73. 
The gross margin of our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased seven basis points primarily due to increases in food and sundries and fresh foods partially offset by decreases in softlines and hardlines. This measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses. 
Total gross margin percentage decreased two basis points compared to 2018. Excluding the impact of the revenue recognition standard on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.12%, an increase of eight basis points. This increase was primarily due to a 19 basis point increase in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly our gasoline business. This increase was partially offset by decreases of four basis points in our core merchandise categories, four basis points due to an adjustment to our estimate of breakage on rewards earned under our co-branded credit card program and three basis points due to increased spending by members under the Executive Membership 2% reward program. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $155 in 2019.
