ALLSTATE CORP report:
Debentures are not redeemed in whole, at least $ 25 million aggregate principal amount must remain outstanding, or (ii) in whole, but not in part, prior to January 15, 2023 for the 5.100 % Subordinated Debentures and August 15, 2023 for the 5.750 % Subordinated Debentures, within 90 days after the occurrence of certain tax and rating agency events, at their principal amount or, if greater, a make-whole redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The 5.750 % Subordinated Debentures have this make-whole redemption price provision only when a reduction of equity credit assigned by a rating agency has occurred. 
Interest on the 5.100 % Subordinated Debentures is payable quarterly at the stated fixed annual rate to January 14, 2023, or any earlier redemption date, and then at an annual rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 3.165 %. Interest on the 5.750 % Subordinated Debentures is payable semi-annually at the stated fixed annual rate to August 14, 2023, or any earlier 
redemption date, and then quarterly at an annual rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 2.938 %. The Company may elect to defer payment of interest on the Subordinated Debentures for one or more consecutive interest periods that do not exceed five years . During a deferral period, interest will continue to accrue on the Subordinated Debentures at the then-applicable rate and deferred interest will compound on each interest payment date. If all deferred interest on the Subordinated Debentures is paid, the Company can again defer interest payments.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We provide the majority of our services to our customers from infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities located in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Japan and other countries. These third-party data center operators provide space, physical security, and continuous power and cooling. In combination with these third-party data center facilities, we also run our services on cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. The use of cloud computing platform partners provides us flexibility to service customers in new and emerging regions and those with in-country data privacy requirements, as well as to support acquired companies. 
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services and integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security and the usability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology and low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.

BOEING CO report:
Commercial Crew NASA has contracted us to design and build the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft to transport crews to the International Space Station. On December 20, 2019 the Starliner launched and successfully landed two days later completing an abbreviated uncrewed flight test that performed many mission objectives before returning to Earth as the first orbital land touchdown of a human-rated capsule in U.S. history. The flight test was abbreviated, however, because anomalies experienced during the mission prevented docking with the International Space Station. In the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded an increase to the reach-forward loss of $410 million , primarily to provision for another uncrewed mission. Root cause analysis is underway and NASA is evaluating the data received during the mission to determine if another uncrewed mission is required. 
T-7A Red Hawk In September 2018, we were selected by the USAF to build the next generation training capability, known as T-7A Red Hawk (formerly T-X Trainer). The program includes aircraft and simulators as well as support and ground equipment. The contract is structured as an indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity fixed-price contract with a minimum of 206 aircraft and a maximum of 475 aircraft. The EMD contract is a fixed-price contract valued at $813 million and includes five aircraft and seven simulators, with a period of performance that runs through 2022. The production and support contracts are structured as options that begin with authorization from fiscal year 2022 to 2034. In connection with winning this competition in 2018, we recorded a reach-forward loss of $400 million associated with anticipated losses on the options for 346 aircraft that we believe are probable of being exercised. During 2019, we completed the aircraft’s critical design review. We believe that our investment in this contract positions us for additional market opportunities for both trainer and light attack aircraft. 
MQ-25 In August 2018, we were awarded an EMD contract to build the MQ-25 for the U.S. Navy. The EMD contract is a fixed-price contract that includes development and delivery of four aircraft and test articles at a contract price of $805 million. In connection with winning this competition, we recognized a reach-forward loss of $291 million. The period of performance runs from 2018 through 2024. In 2019, we conducted a successful first flight. The MQ-25 is the U.S. Navy’s first operational carrier-based unmanned aircraft, and we believe that our investment in this contract positions us for long-term leadership in autonomy and artificial intelligence technologies along with additional market opportunities.
