VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Due to the presentation of the other components of net periodic benefit cost, we recognize a portion of the pension and benefits charges (credits) in Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of income. 
During 2021, we recorded pre-tax early debt redemption costs of $3.5 billion in connection with tender offers, the redemptions of securities issued by Verizon and open market repurchases of various Company and subsidiary notes. 
The telecommunications industry is highly competitive. The rapid development of new technologies, services and products has eliminated many of the traditional distinctions among wireless, cable, internet and local and long distance communication services and brought new competitors to our markets. We expect competition to remain intense as traditional and non-traditional participants seek increased market share. Our high-quality customer base and networks differentiate us from our competitors and give us the ability to plan and manage through changing economic and competitive conditions. We remain focused on executing on the fundamentals of the business: maintaining a high-quality customer base, delivering strong financial and operating results and strengthening our balance sheet. We continue to lead in 4G LTE performance while aggressively building out our 5G network.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 
Strategic Investments. Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. 
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and require the use of judgment. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying value is adjusted for our privately held equity securities if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of our strategic investments in privately held companies, we utilize the most recent data available. The determination of whether an orderly transaction is for a same or similar investment requires significant management judgment including the nature of rights and obligations of the investments, the extent to which differences in those rights and obligations would affect the fair values of those investments, and the impact of any differences based on the stage of operational development of the investee.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Our strategy has two components: increase personal property-liability market share (see Allstate Protection segment) and expand protection offerings by leveraging the Allstate brand, customer base and capabilities. 
Transformative Growth is about creating a business model, capabilities and culture that continually transform to deliver market share. This is done by focusing on the customer by expanding access and improving value. The ultimate objective is to create continuous transformative growth in all businesses by delivering affordable, simple and connected protection solutions. 
We are expanding protection businesses utilizing enterprise capabilities and resources such as distribution, analytics, claims, investment expertise, talent and capital. Using innovative growth platforms (such as telematics and identity protection) and broad distribution including: Allstate exclusive agents, independent agents, contact centers, online, retailers, workplace benefits brokers, auto dealers, original equipment manufacturers and telecom providers further enhance our customer value proposition.
