BOEING CO report:
obligations have not been recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements. A liability for these obligations will be recorded in the period when sufficient information regarding timing and method of settlement becomes available to make a reasonable estimate of the liability’s fair value. In addition, there may be conditional asset retirement obligations that we have not yet discovered (e.g. asbestos may exist in certain buildings but we have not become aware of it through the normal course of business), and therefore, these obligations also have not been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment annually and when an event occurs or circumstances change such that it is more likely than not that an impairment may exist. Our annual testing date is April 1. 
We test goodwill for impairment by performing a qualitative assessment or using a two-step impairment process. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment and determine it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the net assets is more than the fair value of the related operations, the two-step impairment process is then performed; otherwise, no further testing is required. For operations where the two-step impairment process is used, we first compare the carrying value of net assets to the fair value of the related operations. If the fair value is determined to be less than carrying value, a second step is performed to compute the amount of the impairment. In this process, a fair value for goodwill is estimated, based in part on the fair value of the operations, and is compared to its carrying value. The shortfall of the fair value below carrying value represents the amount of goodwill impairment.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours at no charge to customers who purchase any of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support, and system administration. In addition, we offer a mission critical support add-on that is designed to provide customers with responses for incidents from a dedicated team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture, and which offers instruction to optimize their usage of our products. 
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which is comprised of telephone sales personnel based in regional hubs, and field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers. Both our telephone sales and field sales personnel are supported by sales representatives, who are primarily responsible for generating qualified sales leads. 
To a lesser extent, we also have a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and who then assist in selling to these prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, systems integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
In Asia, we offer a range of consumer and B2B products, including bakery, culinary, confectionary and infant nutrition products. In India, our consumer brands include Dalda , Ginni and Chambal edible oils; Dalda and Gagan vanaspatis; and Masterline professional bakery fats. In China, we offer consumer edible oils products under the Dou Wei Jia brand. 
Customers —Our customers include baked goods companies, snack food producers, confectioners, restaurant chains, food service operators, infant nutrition companies, and other food manufacturers who use vegetable oils and shortenings as ingredients in their operations. Other customers include grocery chains, wholesalers, distributors, and other retailers who sell to consumers either under our own brand names or private labels. These customers include global and national food processors and manufacturers, many of which are leading brand owners in their product categories. 
Competition —Competition is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capability, cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, innovation, technical support, product innovation, composition and nutritional value, and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised, well-known, branded products, as well as private label and customized products. Our principal competitors in the Edible Oil Products segment include, but are not limited to: ADM, AAK AB, Cargill, Fuji Oil Co. Ltd. and Wilmar, as well as local competitors in each region.
