ALLSTATE CORP report:
(claims reported or settled, losses paid, or changes to case reserves) occur differently than the implied assumptions contained in the previous development factor calculations. If claims reported, paid losses, or case reserve changes are greater or less than the levels estimated by previous development factors, reserve reestimates increase or decrease. When actual development of these data elements is different than the historical development pattern used in a prior period reserve estimate, a new reserve is determined. The difference between indicated reserves based on new reserve estimates and recorded reserves (the previous estimate) is the amount of reserve reestimate and is recognized as an increase or decrease in claims and claims expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total net reserve reestimates, after-tax, favorable impact on net income applicable to common shareholders were 6.3%, 2.2% and 10.0% in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The 3-year average of net reserve reestimates as a percentage of total reserves was a favorable 2.0% for Allstate Protection, an unfavorable 8.0% for Discontinued Lines and Coverages and a favorable 4.1% for Protection Services, each of these results being consistent within a reasonable actuarial tolerance for the respective businesses. A more detailed discussion of reserve reestimates is presented in the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves section of the MD&A. 
As of December 31, ($ in millions) 2020 2019 2018 Allstate Protection Auto $ 14,164 $ 14,728 $ 14,378 Homeowners 2,315 2,138 2,157 Other lines 2,657 2,530 2,290 Total Allstate Protection 19,136   19,396   18,825   Discontinued Lines and Coverages Asbestos 827 810 866 Environmental 206 179 170 Other discontinued lines 375 376 355 Total Discontinued Lines and Coverages 1,408   1,365   1,391   Total Protection Services 
Factors affecting reserve estimates Reserve estimates are developed based on the processes and historical development trends described above. These estimates are considered in conjunction with known facts and interpretations of circumstances and factors including our experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment patterns and pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix and contractual terms, changes in law and regulation, judicial decisions, and economic conditions. When we experience changes of the type previously mentioned, we may need to apply actuarial judgment in the determination and selection of development factors considered more reflective of the new trends, such as combining shorter or longer periods of historical results with current actual results to produce development factors based

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company had a valuation allowance of $ 633 million and $ 463 million as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 respectively. The Company regularly assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company evaluates and weighs all available positive and negative evidence such as historic results, future reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, as well as prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies. The assessment requires significant judgment and is performed in each of the applicable jurisdictions. The increase in the valuation allowance during fiscal 2023 was primarily due to state tax credits and certain U.S foreign tax credits that are not expected to be realized. At the end of January 31, 2023, the valuation allowance was primarily related to U.S. states’ net operating loss and tax credits, and certain U.S foreign tax credits. The Company will continue to evaluate the need for valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets. 
The Company records liabilities related to its uncertain tax positions. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. 
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of total unrecognized tax benefits for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in millions):

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Wireless retail connections are retail customer device postpaid and prepaid connections as of the end of the period. Retail connections under an account may include those from smartphones and basic phones (collectively, phones), as well as tablets and other internet devices, including wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail connections are calculated by adding total retail postpaid and prepaid new connections in the period to prior period retail connections, and subtracting total retail postpaid and prepaid disconnects in the period. 
Wireless retail postpaid connections are retail postpaid customer device connections as of the end of the period. Retail connections under an account may include those from phones, as well as tablets and other internet devices, including wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail postpaid connections are calculated by adding retail postpaid new connections in the period to prior period retail postpaid connections, and subtracting retail postpaid disconnects in the period. 
Fios internet connections are the total number of connections to the internet using Fios internet services as of the end of the period. Fios internet connections are calculated by adding Fios internet new connections in the period to prior period Fios internet connections, and subtracting Fios internet disconnects in the period.
