COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2020, 2019, and 2018 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 30, 2020, September 1, 2019, and September 2, 2018, respectively. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco. 
For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2019 compared to 2018 refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our fiscal year 2019 Form 10-K, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2019. 
• We opened 16 new warehouses, including 3 relocations: 9 new in the U.S., 3 new in our Other International segment, and 1 net new location in our Canadian segment, compared to 25 new warehouses, including 5 relocations in 2019;

BOEING CO report:
Global Trade We continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements or sanctions that may impact the company. 
The global economy continues to experience significant adverse impacts due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including a decline in overall trade in general and in aerospace in particular. There is a great deal of uncertainty regarding the duration, scale and localization of these impacts to the global economy and governments are enacting a wide range of responses to mitigate the unfolding economic impacts. We are closely monitoring the current impact and potential future economic consequences of COVID-19 to the global economy, the aerospace sector and our Company. These adverse economic impacts have resulted in fewer orders than previously anticipated for our commercial aircraft. 
The current state of U.S.-China relations remains a significant watch item. China is a very significant market for commercial airplanes and represents a significant component of our commercial airplanes backlog. Since 2018, the U.S. and China imposed an escalating series of tariffs on each other’s imports. Certain aircraft parts and components that Boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. The U.S. and China entered into a Phase I agreement in January 2020. However, as of December 31, 2021, implementation of this agreement is incomplete and overall diplomatic relations between the U.S. and China have deteriorated. We continue monitoring developments for potential adverse impacts to the Company.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Given the fair value determination of distribution and customer relationship intangible assets requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions regarding projected cash flows and discount rates, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of those estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment, and an increased extent of effort, including involving fair value specialists. 
• We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation methodology used for these acquired intangible assets, including management’s controls over assumptions used in developing estimated future cash flows, and discount rates used to present value cash flows. 
• We assessed the reasonableness of management’s forecasts by comparing the projection to historical cash flow results of National General, as well as to certain peer companies of National General. We also performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the impact of changes in assumptions to the valuation of the customer relationship intangible assets.
