ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In March 2016, PHMSA issued proposed new safety regulations for natural gas transmission pipelines that broaden the scope of safety coverage in several ways, including but not limited to: (i) modifying the regulation of gathering lines by eliminating the exemption from reporting requirements for gas gathering line operators and revising the definition for gathering lines; (ii) adding new assessment and revising repair criteria for pipeline segments in HCAs and establishing repair criteria for pipelines that are outside of HCAs; (iii) expanding the scope of the regulations to include pipelines located in areas of Moderate Consequence Areas (“MCAs”); (iv) adding a requirement to test pipelines built before 1970, which are currently exempt from certain pipeline safety requirements; (v) modifying the way that pipeline operators secure and inspect transmission pipeline infrastructure following extreme weather events; (vi) clarifying requirements for conducting risk assessment associated with integrity management activities; (vii) expanding mandatory data collection and integration requirements associated with integrity management activities, including data validation; (viii) requiring new safety features for pipeline “pig” launchers and receivers; and (ix) requiring a systematic approach to verify a pipeline’s maximum allowable operating pressure (“MAOP”) and requiring operators to report MAOP exceedances. PHMSA has since decided to split its 2016 proposed rule, which has become known as the “gas mega rule,” into three separate rulemakings to facilitate completion. The first of these three rulemakings, relating to onshore gas transmission pipelines, was published as a final rule on October 1, 2019 and became effective on July 1, 2020. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, PHMSA announced a stay of enforcement of initial compliance deadlines to provide operators with additional time to incorporate the new procedures. The rule imposes numerous requirements on such pipelines, including MAOP reconfirmation, the periodic assessment of these pipelines in populated areas not designated as HCAs, the reporting of exceedances of MAOP, and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. The PIPES Act requires PHMSA to issue the remaining rulemakings comprising the gas mega rule by the end of March 2021.
PHMSA has also issued a final rule, which became effective in January 2019, that amends pipeline safety regulations covering the types, design, and installation of plastic materials that can be used to transport natural gas. The new rule permits the use of PVC pipe, adopts a variety of applicable industry standards, and revises regulations related to storage and handling, component design, valve design, standard fittings, and pipe testing associated with the use of plastic pipe.
The development and/or implementation of more stringent requirements pursuant to regulations implementing all of the requirements of the Pipeline Safety Act, the SAFE PIPES Act, or the PIPES Act, as well as any implementation of the PHMSA rules thereunder or reinterpretation of guidance by PHMSA or any state agencies with respect thereto, may result in us incurring significant and unanticipated expenditures to comply with such standards. Until any proposed regulations are finalized, the impact on our operations, if any, is not known.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company provides for the daily replenishment of major bank accounts as payments are presented. Included in accounts payable at the end of 2021 and 2020, are $ 999 and $ 810 , respectively, representing the excess of outstanding payments over cash on deposit at the banks on which the payments were drawn. 
Short-term investments generally consist of debt securities (U.S. Government and Agency Notes), with maturities at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. These available-for-sale investments have a low level of inherent credit risk given they are issued by the U.S. Government and Agencies. Changes in their fair value are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis. 
The Company periodically evaluates unrealized losses in its investment securities for credit impairment, using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. In the event a security is deemed to be impaired as the result of a credit loss, the Company recognizes the loss in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Actual amounts for the year ended December 31, 2022 include results of operations for Discovery for the entire period and WM for the period subsequent to the completion of the Merger on April 8, 2022. 
In addition to the Merger, the impact of exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons of our results. For example, our international revenues are favorably impacted as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis (“ex-FX”), in addition to results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP provides useful information about our operating performance because the presentation ex-FX excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility and highlights our core operating results. The presentation of results on a constant currency basis should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, measures of financial performance reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
The ex-FX change represents the percentage change on a period-over-period basis adjusted for foreign currency impacts. The ex-FX change is calculated as the difference between the current year amounts translated at a baseline rate, which is a spot rate for each of our currencies determined early in the fiscal year as part of our forecasting process (the “2022 Baseline Rate”), and the prior year amounts translated at the same 2022 Baseline Rate. In addition, consistent with the assumption of a constant currency environment, our ex-FX results exclude the impact of our foreign currency hedging activities, as well as realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses. Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
