US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
The U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards in the income tax returns filed included unrecognized tax benefits taken in prior years. The net operating losses for which a deferred tax asset is recognized for financial statement purposes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, are presented net of these unrecognized tax benefits. 
Because of the change of ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, use of a portion of the Company’s domestic net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may be limited in future periods. Further, a portion of the carryforwards may expire before being applied to reduce future income tax liabilities. 
The Company maintained a valuation allowance on certain state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards expected to expire unutilized as a result of insufficient forecasted taxable income in the carryforward period or the utilization of which is subject to limitation.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Any borrowings under the Bridge Facility will bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.875% or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 0.50% to 1.125%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit ratings from time to time and subject to increases of 0.25% on each of the 90th, 180th and 270th day following the initial funding of the Bridge Facility. As of January 31, 2021, there was no outstanding borrowing amounts under the Bridge Facility. 
Any borrowings under our Acquisition Term Loan bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.125% or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 0.50% to 1.125%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit ratings from time to time. Our Acquisition Term Loan allows for the LIBOR rate to be phased out and replaced with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and therefore we do not anticipate a material impact by the expected upcoming LIBOR transition. As of January 31, 2021, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Acquisition Term Loan. 
The borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.125% or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 0.50% to 1.125%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit rating. Our Credit Facility allows for the LIBOR rate to be phased out and replaced with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and therefore we do not anticipate a material impact by the expected upcoming LIBOR transition. We are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment fee on undrawn amounts. As of January 31, 2021, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Credit Facility.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
• Development during which extensive testing is performed to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design specifications conform to user needs and intended uses. 
The regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. In the U.S., the FDA classifies diagnostic products into classes (I, II, or III) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. While the Diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as Class I or Class II. Submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for Class I products. Class II devices typically require pre-market notification to the FDA through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. Most Class III products are subject to the FDA’s Premarket Approval (PMA) requirements. Other Class III products, such as those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a Biological License Application (BLA). 
In the European Union (EU), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the European In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Directive, depends upon the category, with certain product categories requiring review and approval by an independent company, known as a Notified Body, before the manufacturer can affix a CE mark to the product to declare conformity to the Directive. Other products only require a self-certification process. In 2017, the EU adopted the new In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replaced the existing directive in the EU for in vitro diagnostic products and imposed additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. In December 2021, the IVDR was amended to extend the regulation’s previous two-year transition period by a range of one to three years, with the transition period extending to May 2027 for certain classes of diagnostic devices. However, the amendment did not delay the date of application of the IVDR itself which took effect on May 26, 2022.
