COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Our U.S. website is www.costco.com. We make available through the Investor Relations section of that site, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such materials with or furnishing such documents to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains a site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, such as the Company, that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
We have a code of ethics for senior financial officers, pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Copies of the code are available free of charge by writing to Secretary, Costco Wholesale Corporation, 999 Lake Drive, Issaquah, WA 98027. If the Company makes any amendments to this code (other than technical, administrative, or non-substantive amendments) or grants any waivers, including implicit waivers, to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or principal accounting officer and controller, we will disclose (on our website or in a Form 8-K report filed with the SEC) the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date, and to whom it applies. 
The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to promote understanding of the results of operations and financial condition. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). This section generally discusses the results of operations for 2022 compared to 2021. For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2021 compared to 2020 refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our fiscal year 2021 Form 10-K, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 6, 2021.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The share conversion ratio of 0.3680  was applied to convert MuleSoft’s outstanding equity awards for MuleSoft’s common stock into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock. 
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions. The deferred tax liability established was primarily a result of the difference in the book basis and tax basis related to the identifiable intangible assets. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including current and noncurrent income taxes payable and deferred taxes, may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. Accordingly, the provisional measurements of fair value of the income taxes payable and deferred taxes set forth above are subject to change. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
Developed technology represents the fair value of MuleSoft's Anypoint technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships with MuleSoft customers. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities when integrating MuleSoft's Anypoint technology with the Company’s other offerings. The goodwill balance is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• an increase of $21 million in storage margin primarily due to a $31 million increase in fees generated from exported volumes and a $7 million increase in blending activity due to a more favorable pricing environment. These increases were partially offset by a $19 million decrease from component product storage fees; and 
• an increase of $15 million in Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates due to a $10 million increase primarily resulting from higher throughput on Explorer pipeline due to COVID-19 demand recovery and a $4 million increase from higher volumes on White Cliffs pipeline; partially offset by 
• an increase of $134 million in operating expenses primarily due to a $74 million increase in utilities costs resulting from increased gas and power costs, a $32 million increase in employee costs resulting primarily from corporate cost reductions in 2020 in response to the COVID pandemic, a $20 million increase in allocated corporate overhead costs and a $7 million increase due to the timing of maintenance related expenses;
