BOEING CO report:
The Company has deferred compensation plans which permit employees to defer a portion of their salary, bonus, certain other incentive awards, and retirement contributions. Participants can diversify these amounts among 22 investment funds including a Boeing stock unit account. 
Total expense related to deferred compensation was $ 19 , $ 240 and $ 46 in 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017 , the deferred compensation liability which is being marked to market was $ 1,572 and $ 1,547 . 
On December 17, 2018 , the Board approved a new repurchase plan for up to $ 20,000 of common stock, replacing the previously authorized program. The program will expire when we have used all authorized funds or is otherwise terminated.

SALESFORCE INC report:
In April 2022, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Traction Sales and Marketing Inc. ("Traction on Demand”), a professional services firm that provides innovative and critical solutions to clients using the Company’s service offerings and other advanced cloud technologies. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Traction on Demand was approximately $ 340 million, which consisted primarily of $ 302 million in cash. The Company recorded approximately $ 62 million for customer relationships with estimated useful lives of five years . The Company recorded approximately $ 293 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce. For the goodwill balance, there is some basis for foreign income tax purposes but no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The primary areas that remain preliminary relate to the fair values of intangible assets acquired, certain tangible assets and liabilities acquired, legal and other contingencies as of the acquisition date, income and non-income-based taxes and residual goodwill. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. The Company has included the financial results of Traction on Demand in its condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition, which were not material. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. 
On July 21, 2021, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Slack, a leading channel-based messaging platform. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately $ 54 million and were recorded in general and administrative expense during fiscal 2022. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Slack was approximately $ 27.1 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions):  
The fair value of the stock options assumed by the Company was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. A share conversion ratio of 0.1885 and 0.1804 was applied to convert Slack's outstanding (i) stock options and restricted stock units and (ii) restricted stock awards, respectively, into equity awards for shares of the Company’s common stock.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Through our normal business activities, we are subject to significant credit and counterparty risks that arise through commercial sales and purchases, including forward commitments to buy or sell, and through various OTC derivative instruments that we use to manage risks inherent in our business activities. We define credit and counterparty risk as a potential financial loss due to the failure of a counterparty to honor its obligations. The exposure is measured based upon several factors, including unpaid accounts receivable from counterparties, as well as unrealized gains from forward purchase or sale contracts and OTC derivative instruments. Credit and counterparty risk also includes sovereign credit risk. We actively monitor credit and counterparty risk through a regular review of exposures and credit analysis by regional credit teams, as well as a review by global and corporate committees that monitor counterparty performance. We record provisions for counterparty losses from time to time as a result of our credit and counterparty analysis. 
During periods of tight conditions in global credit markets, downturns in regional or global economic conditions, and/or significant price volatility, credit and counterparty risks are heightened. This increased risk is monitored through, among other things, exposure reporting, increased communication with key counterparties, management reviews, and specific focus on counterparties or groups of counterparties that we may determine as high risk. We have reduced exposures and associated position limits in certain cases, and also decreased our use of non-exchange cleared derivative instruments. 
We operate in many areas of the food industry, from agricultural raw materials to the production and sale of branded food products. As a result, we purchase and produce various materials, many of which are agricultural commodities, including: soybeans, soybean oil, soybean meal, palm oil (from crude to various degrees of refined products), softseeds (including sunflower seed, rapeseed and canola) and related oil and meal derived from them, wheat, barley, shea nut, and corn. Agricultural commodities are subject to price fluctuations due to a number of unpredictable factors that may create price risk. As described above, we are also subject to the risk of counterparty non-performance under forward purchase or sale contracts. From time to time, we have experienced instances of counterparty non-performance, as a result of significant declines in counterparty profitability under these contracts due to movements in commodity prices between the time the contracts were executed and the contractual forward delivery period.
