ALLSTATE CORP report:
Operating costs and expenses decreased 1.5% or $10 million in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to lower operating costs at Allstate Roadside, partially offset by expenses associated with continued growth at Allstate Protection Plans. 
Amortization of purchased intangibles relates to the acquisitions of Allstate Protection Plans and Allstate Identity Protection. We recorded amortization expense of $106 million in 2020 compared to $122 million in 2019. 
Underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of claims and claims expense reserves. For a description of our reserve process, see Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements. Further, for a description of our reserving policies and the potential variability in our reserve estimates, see the Application of Critical Accounting Estimates section of the MD&A. These reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including IBNR claims, as of the reporting date.

BOEING CO report:
Unobligated backlog includes U.S. and non-U.S. government definitive contracts for which funding has not been authorized. The decrease in unobligated backlog in 2019 was primarily due to reclassifications to contractual backlog related to BDS and BGS contracts partially offset by contract awards. 
Beginning in June 2018, the U.S. Government has imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. In response to these tariffs, several major U.S. trading partners have imposed, or announced their intention to impose, tariffs on U.S. goods. In May 2019, the U.S. Government, Mexico and Canada reached an agreement to end the steel and aluminum tariffs between these countries. Passage of the U.S./Mexico/Canada Free Trade Agreement (USMCA) will also result in lower tariffs. We continue to monitor the potential for any extra costs that may result from the remaining global tariffs. 
Since 2018, the U.S. and China imposed tariffs on approximately $34 billion of each other's exports in July 2018. Certain aircraft parts and components that Boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. Subsequently, the U.S. imposed tariffs on an additional $216 billion in Chinese goods, and China imposed tariffs on an additional $76 billion worth of U.S goods. The U.S. and China Phase I agreement in January 2020 is a positive development for overall trade with China. Negotiations to resolve remaining trade issues continue.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component of income tax expense. Interest and penalties recognized during 2019  and 2018  and accrued at the end of each respective period were not material. 
The Company is currently under audit by several jurisdictions in the United States and in several foreign countries. Some audits may conclude in the next 12 months and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement amounts. It is not practical to estimate the effect, if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions in connection with the audits. The Company does not anticipate that there will be a material increase or decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
The Company files income tax returns in the United States, various state and local jurisdictions, in Canada, and in several other foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examination for years before fiscal 2014.
