ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Federal agencies also have begun directly regulating GHG emissions, such as methane, from oil and natural gas operations. In June 2016, the EPA published New Source Performance Standards (“NSPS”), known as Subpart OOOOa, that require certain new, modified or reconstructed facilities in the oil and natural gas sector to reduce these methane gas and volatile organic compound (“VOC”) emissions. These Subpart OOOOa standards expand previously issued NSPS published by the EPA in 2012 and known as Subpart OOOO, by using certain equipment-specific emissions control practices, requiring additional controls for pneumatic controllers and pumps as well as compressors, and imposing leak detection and repair requirements for natural gas compressor and booster stations. In September 2020, the EPA removed natural gas transmission and storage operations from this sector and rescinded the methane-specific requirements of the rule for production and processing facilities. However, Congress passed, and President Biden signed into law, a revocation of the 2020 rulemaking, effectively reinstating the 2016 standards. Additionally, in November 2021, the EPA issued a proposed rule that, if finalized, would establish OOOOb new source and OOOOc first-time existing source standards of performance for GHG and VOC emissions for the crude oil and natural gas well sites, natural gas gathering and boosting compressor stations, natural gas processing plants, and transmission and storage facilities. Owners or operators of affected emission units or processes would have to comply with specific standards of performance that may include leak detection using optical gas imaging and subsequent repair requirements, reduction of emissions by 95% through capture and control systems, zero-emission requirements, operations and maintenance requirements, and so-called “green well” completion requirements. The EPA plans to issue a supplemental proposal enhancing this proposed rulemaking in 2022 that will contain proposed rule text, which was not included in the November 2021 proposed rule, and anticipates issuing a final rule by the end of 2022. GHG emission standards, including methane emissions imposed on the oil and gas sector, could result in increased costs to our operations as well as result in delays or curtailment in such operations, which costs, delays or curtailment could adversely affect our business. Several states have also adopted, or are considering adopting, regulations related to GHG emissions, some of which are more stringent than those implemented by the federal government. 
At the international level, in December 2015, the United States joined the international community at the 21st Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris, France in signing the “Paris Agreement,” a treaty that requires member countries to submit individually-determined, non-binding emission reduction goals every five years beginning in 2020. Although the United States withdrew from the Paris Agreement under the Trump administration, President Biden recommitted the United States in February 2021, and, in April 2021, announced a new, more rigorous nationally determined emissions reduction level of 50-52% reduction from 2005 levels in economy-wide net GHG emissions by 2030. The international community gathered again in Glasgow in November 2021 at the 26th Conference to the Parties (“COP26”) during which multiple announcements were made, including a call for parties to eliminate fossil fuel subsidies, amongst other measures. Relatedly, the United States and European Union jointly announced at COP26 the launch of the Global Methane Pledge, an initiative committing to a collective goal of reducing global methane emissions by at least 30% from 2020 levels by 2030, including “all feasible reductions” in the energy sector. 
President Biden’s January 2021 climate change executive order directed the Secretary of the Interior to pause new oil and natural gas leasing on public lands or in offshore waters pending completion of a comprehensive review of the federal permitting and leasing practices, consider whether to adjust royalties associated with coal, oil, and gas resources extracted from public lands and offshore waters, or take other appropriate action, to account for corresponding climate costs. The executive order also directed the federal government to identify “fossil fuel subsidies” to take steps to ensure that, to the extent consistent with applicable law, federal funding is not directly subsidizing fossil fuels. As noted above, a separate executive order issued in January 2021 established a Working Group that is called on to, among other things, develop methodologies for calculating the “social cost of carbon,” “social cost of nitrous oxide” and “social cost of methane.” During 2021, the Working Group published interim estimates of the social costs of carbon, methane, and nitrous oxide and sought public comment on these estimates. The Working Group has not yet published its final recommendations.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
1 We define a DTC subscription as (i) a subscription to a direct-to-consumer product for which we have recognized subscription revenue from a direct-to-consumer platform; (ii) a subscription received through wholesale arrangements for which we receive a fee for the distribution of our direct-to-consumer platforms, as well as subscriptions provided directly or through third-party platforms; and (iii) a subscription recognized by certain joint venture partners and affiliated parties. We may refer to the aggregate number of subscriptions across our direct-to-consumer services as subscribers. A subscription is only counted if it is on a paying status, and excludes users on free trials. At the end of each quarter, the subscription count includes the actual number of users that rolled to pay up to seven days immediately following quarter end. 
We aim to invest in high-quality content for our networks and brands with the objective of building viewership, optimizing distribution revenue, capturing advertising revenue, and creating or repositioning branded channels and business to sustain long-term growth and occupy a desired content niche with strong consumer appeal. Our strategy is to maximize the distribution, ratings and profit potential of each of our linear branded networks and genres, as well as our DTC products. We have grown distribution and advertising revenues for our linear branded networks and discovery+. In addition to growing distribution and advertising revenues for our branded networks, we have extended content distribution across new platforms, including brand-aligned websites, online streaming, mobile devices, VOD, and broadband channels, which provide promotional platforms for our television content and serve as additional outlets for advertising and distribution revenue. Our goal is to reach consumers wherever and whenever they are consuming content, as well as reaching new audiences including broadband only, cord cutters and cord nevers, while continuing to serve our linear network subscribers. Audience ratings, audience engagement and channel packaging are key drivers in generating advertising revenue and creating demand on the part of cable television operators, DTH satellite operators, telecommunication service providers, device partners and other content distributors who deliver our content to their customers. 
Although we utilize certain brands and content globally, we classify our operations in two reportable segments: U.S. Networks, consisting principally of domestic television networks and digital content services, and International Networks, consisting primarily of international television networks and digital content services. Our segment presentation aligns with our management structure and the financial information management uses to make decisions about operating matters, such as the allocation of resources and business performance assessments. Financial information for our segments and the geographical areas in which we do business is set forth in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
share capital costs and risks through business ventures or alliances with strategic partners, including those that provide processing, throughput or feedstock volumes for growth capital projects or the purchase of such projects’ end products. 
Substantially all of our consolidated revenues are earned in the U.S. and derived from a wide customer base. Our largest non-affiliated customer for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was Vitol Holding B.V. and its affiliates (collectively, “Vitol”), which accounted for 7.8%, 11.2% and 9.9%, respectively, of our consolidated revenues. Vitol is a global energy and commodity trading company. 
The following sections provide an overview of our business segments, including information regarding principal products produced and/or services rendered and properties owned. Our operations are reported under four business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services, (ii) Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, (iii) Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and (iv) Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed according to the types of services rendered (or technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold.
