ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
The following table summarizes the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits without regard to reduction in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such unrecognized tax benefits were settled:
The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate is approximately $ 1.08 billion. Abbott believes that it is reasonably possible that the recorded amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease within a range of $ 70 million to $ 430 million, including cash adjustments, within the next twelve months as a result of concluding various domestic and international tax matters.
Abbott’s principal business is the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a broad line of health care products. Abbott’s products are generally sold directly to retailers, wholesalers, hospitals, health care facilities, laboratories, physicians’ offices and government agencies throughout the world.

US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
Our corporate website is located at www.usfoods.com . We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Our filings with the SEC are available to the public on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Those filings are also available to the public on, or accessible through, our corporate website for free via the “Investors” section at ir.usfoods.com/investors. The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into and is not part of this Annual Report. 
From time to time, we may be party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe that any of our pending legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The following discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand the Company, our financial condition and results of operations and our present business environment. It should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion and analysis contain certain financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information about our operating performance and liquidity. Information regarding reconciliations of and the rationale for these measures is discussed in “Non-GAAP Reconciliations” below.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average 
dilutive common stock, including options, restricted stock units, warrants and the convertible senior notes. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards and convertible securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. 
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2020 reflects the impact of approximately 102 million shares issued in relation to the acquisitions of Tableau and ClickSoftware in the third quarter fiscal 2020.
