WORLD KINECT CORP report:
In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies. These transactions may be pursuant to fuel purchase contracts or through spot sales. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain strategic locations, including pipelines. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market-based formulas. 
Finally, we provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal commonly referred to as “racks,” which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third-parties. 
Through our extensive network, we market fuel, lubricants and related products and services to a broad base of marine customers, including international container and tanker fleets, commercial cruise lines, yachts and time-charter operators, U.S. and foreign governments, as well as other fuel suppliers. We provide our customers with real-time global market intelligence and rapid access to quality and competitively priced marine fuel 24 hours a day, every day of the year. Our marine fuel-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel, cost control through the use of price risk management offerings, quality control and claims management.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(9) Refer to Note 12, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and Note 17, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information. 
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise across our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. 
We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. See Note 18, Segment Reporting, for additional information on our segments and Items Affecting Comparability of Financial Results earlier in this section for items affecting our segment operating results.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We did not record any goodwill impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on our most recent goodwill impairment test at December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units was substantially in excess of its carrying value (i.e., by at least 10%).
As noted previously, preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates that affect amounts presented in the financial statements. Due to the time required to compile actual billing information and receive third party data needed to record transactions, we routinely employ estimates in connection with revenue and expense amounts in order to meet our accelerated financial reporting deadlines.
Our most significant routine estimates involve revenues and costs of certain natural gas processing facilities, pipeline transportation revenues, fractionation revenues, marketing revenues and related purchases, and power and utility costs. These types of transactions must be estimated since the actual amounts are generally unavailable at the time we complete our accounting close process. The estimates subsequently reverse in the next accounting period when the corresponding actual customer billing or vendor-invoiced amounts are recorded.
