VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Current and potential competitors in the wireline service market include cable companies, wireless service providers, domestic and foreign telecommunications providers, satellite television companies, internet service providers, over-the-top providers and other companies that offer network services and managed enterprise solutions. 
In addition, companies with a global presence are increasingly competing with us in our wireline services. A relatively small number of telecommunications and integrated service providers with global operations serve customers in the global enterprise market and, to a lesser extent, the global wholesale market. We compete with these providers for large contracts to provide integrated solutions to global enterprises and government customers. Many of these companies have strong market presence, brand recognition and existing customer relationships, all of which contribute to intensifying competition that may affect our future revenue growth. 
Despite this challenging environment, we expect that we will be able to grow key aspects of our wireline services. We continue to provide network reliability and offer products, which include fiber-optic internet access, several video services, and voice services. Further, we will continue to offer our business and government customers more robust IP products and services, and advance our IoT strategies by leveraging business models that monetize usage on our networks at the connectivity, platform and solution layers.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company evaluates and tests the recoverability of its goodwill for impairment at least annually during its fourth quarter of each fiscal year or more often if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. 
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. 
During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the Company is within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company’s consolidated statement of operations.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association The MCCA is a statutory indemnification mechanism for member insurers’ qualifying personal injury protection claims paid for the unlimited lifetime medical benefits above the applicable retention level for qualifying injuries from automobile, motorcycle and commercial vehicle accidents. Indemnification recoverables on paid and unpaid claims, including IBNR, as of December 31, 2018  and 2017  include $5.40 billion  and $5.26 billion , respectively, from the MCCA for its indemnification obligat ion. 
As required for member companies by the MCCA, the Company reports covered paid and unpaid claims to the MCCA when estimates of loss for a reported claim are expected to exceed the retention level, the claims involve certain types of severe injuries, or there are litigation demands received suggesting the claim value exceeds certain thresholds. The retention level is adjusted upward every other MCCA fiscal year by the lesser of 6%  or the increase in the Consumer Price Index. The retention level will be $580 thousand  per claim for the fiscal two -years ending June 30, 2021 compared to $555 thousand  per claim for the fiscal two -years ending June 30, 2019. 
The MCCA is obligated to fund the ultimate liability of member companies’ qualifying claims and claim expenses. The MCCA does not underwrite the insurance coverage or hold any underwriting risk. The MCCA is funded by participating member companies (companies actively writing motor vehicle coverage in Michigan) through a per vehicle annual assessment that is currently $192  per vehicle insured. The MCCA is required to assess an amount each year sufficient to cover members’ actuarially determined present value of expected payments on lifetime claims of all persons expected to be catastrophically injured in that year, its operating expenses, and adjustments for the amount of excesses or deficiencies in prior assessments. The assessment is incurred by the Company as policies are written and recovered as a component of premiums from our customers.
