VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We measure all derivatives at fair value and recognize them as either assets or liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Our derivative instruments are valued primarily using models based on readily observable market parameters for all substantial terms of our derivative contracts and thus are classified as Level 2. Changes in the fair values of derivative instruments applied as economic hedges are recognized in earnings in the current period. For fair value hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivative instruments is recognized in earnings, along with the change in the fair value of the hedged item. Unrealized gains or losses on excluded components of fair value hedges are recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) and are recognized into earnings on a systematic and rational basis through the swap accrual over the life of the hedged item. For cash flow hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivative instruments is reported in Other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized in earnings when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. For net investment hedges of certain of our foreign operations, the change in the fair value of the hedging instruments is reported in Other comprehensive income (loss) as part of the cumulative translation adjustment and partially offsets the impact of foreign currency changes on the value of our net investment. 
Cash flows from derivatives, which are designated as accounting hedges or applied as economic hedges, are presented consistently with the cash flow classification of the related hedged items. See Note 9 for additional information. 
VIEs are entities that lack sufficient equity to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, have equity investors that do not have the ability to make significant decisions relating to the entity’s

SALESFORCE INC report:
As indicated in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management’s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Tableau Software, Inc., ClickSoftware Technologies, Ltd. and Salesforce.org, which are included in the January 31, 2020 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted three percent and one percent of total and net assets, respectively, as of January 31, 2020 and six percent and twenty three percent of revenues and net income, respectively, for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Tableau Software, Inc., ClickSoftware Technologies, Ltd. and Salesforce.org. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of January 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2020, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)2, and our report dated March 5, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Actual return on plan assets: ($ in millions) Balance as of December 31, 2019 Relating to assets sold during the period Relating to assets still held at the reporting date Purchases, sales and settlements, net Net transfers in (out) of Level 3 Balance as of December 31, 2020 Fixed income securities: Corporate $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 2   $ —   $ 2   Total Level 3 plan assets $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 2   $ —   $ 2   
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on plan assets. The Company’s assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is evaluated annually giving consideration to appropriate data including, but not limited to, the plan asset allocation, forward-looking expected returns for the period over which benefits will be paid, historical returns on plan assets and other relevant market data. Given the long-term forward-looking nature of this assumption, the actual returns in any one year do not immediately result in a change to the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. In consideration of the targeted plan asset allocation, the Company evaluated expected returns using sources including historical average asset class returns from independent nationally recognized providers of this type of data blended together using the asset allocation policy weights for the Company’s pension plans; asset class return forecasts developed by employees with relevant expertise in such forecasts and who are independent from those charged with managing the pension plan assets; and expected portfolio returns from a proprietary simulation methodology of a widely recognized external 
investment consulting firm that performs asset allocation and actuarial services for corporate pension plan sponsors. The above sources support the Company’s weighted average long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 7.06 % used for 2021 and an estimate of 7.06 % that will be used for 2022. As of the 2021 measurement date, the arithmetic average of the annual actual return on plan assets for the most recent 10 and 5 years was 11.7 % and 15.0 %, respectively.
