SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, for example, overage fees, contingent fees or service level penalties, the Company includes an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. 
Cloud Services allow customers to use the Company's multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Substantially all of the Company’s subscription service arrangements are non-cancelable and do not contain refund-type provisions. 
Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term and perpetual software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from term and perpetual

ALLSTATE CORP report:
• The Corporation has access to a universal shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that expires in 2021. We can use this shelf registration to issue an unspecified amount of debt securities, common stock (including 596 million shares of treasury stock as of December 31, 2020), preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts, stock purchase units and securities of trust subsidiaries. The specific terms of any securities we issue under this registration statement will be provided in the applicable prospectus supplements. 
Defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans (“OPEB”) Pension plan obligations within the next 12 months represent our planned contributions to certain unfunded non-qualified plans where the benefit obligation exceeds the assets. Obligations beyond 12 months are projected based on the average remaining service period using the current underfunded status of the plans. The OPEB plans’ obligations are estimated based on the expected benefits to be paid. See Note 17 of the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
Reserves for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense represent estimated amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including claims that have been IBNR as of the balance sheet date. E stimated timing of payments for reserves is based on our historical experience and our expectation of future payment patterns. The ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded amounts that are our best estimates. See Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates section of the MD&A for further information.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
In this report we have made forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or followed by the words "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "hopes," "forecasts," "plans" or similar expressions. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the SEC, could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
• disruption of our key suppliers’ or vendors' provisioning of products or services, including as a result of geopolitical factors, the COVID-19 pandemic or the potential impacts of global climate change;
