ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company calculates benefit obligations based upon generally accepted actuarial methodologies using the projected benefit obligation (“PBO”) for pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (“APBO”) for other postretirement plans. The determination of pension costs and other postretirement obligations are determined using a December 31 measurement date. The benefit obligations represent the actuarial present value of all benefits attributed to employee service rendered as of the measurement date. The PBO is measured using the pension benefit formulas and assumptions as to future compensation levels. A plan’s funded status is calculated as the difference between the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. The Company’s funding policy for the pension plans is to make contributions at a level in accordance with regulations under the Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) and generally accepted actuarial principles. The Company’s other postretirement benefit plans are not funded. 
The $89 million  increase in the pension net actuarial loss during 2018  is primarily related to losses from unfavorable asset performance compared to the expected return on plan assets which was partially offset by an increase in the discount rate used to value the liabilities, amortization of unrecognized pension costs and recognition of a settlement loss. A significant component of the $2.31 billion  net actuarial pension benefit losses not yet recognized in 2018  reflects decreases in the discount rate. The $18 million  decrease in the OPEB net actuarial gain during 2018  primarily related to amortization of net actuarial gains. 
The net actuarial loss (gain) and prior service credit is recognized as a component of net periodic cost amortized over the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The unrealized losses for each of the fixed rate marketable securities were less than $ 1 million. The Company does not believe any of the unrealized losses represent an other-than-temporary impairment based on its evaluation of available evidence as of January 31, 2020, such as the Company's intent to hold the investment and whether it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investment before recovery of the investment's amortized basis. The Company expects to receive the full principal and interest on all of these marketable securities. 
Investment income consists of interest income, realized gains and realized losses on the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The components of investment income are presented below (in millions): 
In April 2019 the Company made a strategic investment of $ 100 million in cash for common shares of a technology company in a private placement concurrent with the investee company's initial public offering. In September 2019, the Company made a strategic investment of $ 300 million in cash for preferred shares of a technology company in a preferred stock financing. Additionally, in November 2019, the Company made a strategic investment of $ 150 million in cash for preferred shares of a technology company in a preferred stock financing. These investments were made as part of the Company's overall strategy of investing in complementary companies to facilitate potential alignment and integration into the Company’s offerings or product features. These investments are accounted for using the measurement alternative.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our asset-backed debt, Cellco Partnership (Cellco), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and certain other Company affiliates (collectively, the Originators) transfer device payment plan agreement receivables and certain other receivables (collectively referred to as certain receivables) to one of the ABS Entities, which in turn transfers such receivables to another ABS Entity that issues the debt. Verizon entities retain the equity interests and residual interests, as applicable, in the ABS Entities, which represent the rights to all funds not needed to make required payments on the asset-backed debt and other related payments and expenses. 
Our asset-backed debt is secured by the transferred receivables and future collections on such receivables. These receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of certain receivables, and other obligations arising from our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon’s creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt, but do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement, the Company has agreed to guarantee certain of the payment obligations of Cellco and the Originators to the ABS Entities. 
Cash collections on the receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
