MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
(1) We maintain a multi-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility for general corporate purposes, including working capital needs, and to support our commercial paper program. The revolving credit agreement includes a covenant that we maintain a minimum shareholders' equity of at least $ 25.0 billion, excluding accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses), the cumulative effects of any changes in accounting principles and earnings/(losses) recognized in connection with the ongoing application of any mark-to-market accounting for pensions and other retirement plans. At December 31, 2022, we complied with this covenant as our shareholders' equity, as defined by the covenant, was $ 37.8 billion. The revolving credit facility also contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. There are no credit rating triggers, provisions or other financial covenants that could require us to post collateral as security . 
(3) On July 11, 2022, we entered into a supplemental term loan credit facility that can be utilized for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. Under this agreement we may draw up to a total of $ 2.0 billion in term loans from the facility. The maturity dates of any loans drawn under this facility will be eighteen months after the funding date of the applicable loan(s). 
(4) On March 31, 2022, we entered into a supplemental term loan credit facility that can be utilized for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. Under this agreement we may draw up to a total of $ 2.0 billion in term loans from the facility. On July 29, 2022, we drew down $ 2.0 billion in term loans, due July 29, 2025, bearing interest at a variable annual rate based on SOFR plus an applicable margin.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Haynesville Gathering System consists of the 235-mile State Line gathering system, the 73-mile Southeast Mansfield gathering system, and the 70-mile Southeast Stanley gathering system. The Haynesville Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the Haynesville and Bossier Shale supply basins and the Cotton Valley and Taylor Sand formations in Louisiana and eastern Texas for delivery to regional markets, including (through an interconnect with the Haynesville Extension pipeline) markets served by our Acadian Gas System.
 • The San Juan Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the San Juan Basin in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado and delivers the natural gas either directly into interstate pipelines or to regional natural gas plants, including our Chaco facility, for further processing prior to being transported on interstate pipelines.
 • The Old Ocean Pipeline transports natural gas from an injection point on our Texas Intrastate System near Maypearl, Texas for delivery to a pipeline interconnect at Sweeny, Texas. A third party serves as operator of the pipeline, which has a gross natural gas transportation capacity of 160 MMcf/d and entered full service in January 2019.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
From time to time, we are under review by the IRS and various other domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to income tax and indirect tax matters and are involved in various inquiries, audits, challenges and litigation in a number of countries, including, in particular, Brazil, Denmark, South Korea and the U.S. where the amounts under controversy may be material. See "Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies" and "Note 11. Income Taxes" within "Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" included in this 2020 10-K Report for additional details regarding certain tax matters. 
We are also a party to various claims, complaints and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business including, but not limited to, environmental claims, commercial and governmental contract claims, such as property damage, demurrage, personal injury, billing and fuel quality claims, as well as bankruptcy preference claims and administrative claims. We are not currently a party to any such claim, complaint or proceeding that we expect to have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. However, any adverse resolution of one or more such claims, complaints or proceedings during a particular reporting period could have a material adverse effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements or disclosures for that period. 
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing within "Part IV. Item 15. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" in this 2020 10‑K Report. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ materially from the results suggested by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that may cause our results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward- looking statements are described in “Item 1A – Risk Factors” and under “Forward-Looking Statements.”
