ALLSTATE CORP report:
to develop a best estimate of gross ultimate losses. These developments are discussed further in the loss ratio disclosures within the Allstate Protection Segment and the Claims and Claims Expense Reserves sections of the MD&A. 
How reserve estimates are established and updated Reserve estimates are developed at a very detailed level, and the results are aggregated to form a consolidated reserve estimate. The detailed estimates include each line of insurance, major components of losses (such as coverages and perils), major states or groups of states and for reported losses and IBNR. Development factors are calculated for data elements such as claim counts reported and settled, paid losses, and paid losses combined with case reserves. The historical development patterns for these data elements are used to calculate reserve estimates. Based on this review our best estimate of required reserves is recorded. 
Reserves are reestimated quarterly and periodically throughout the year, by combining historical results with current actual results to calculate new development factors. This process continuously incorporates the historic and latest actual trends, and other underlying changes in the data elements used to calculate reserve estimates. New development factors are likely to differ from previous development factors used in prior reserve estimates because actual results occur differently than the assumptions contained in

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Core services.  Core services include core voice and data services, which consist of a comprehensive portfolio of domestic and global solutions utilizing traditional telecommunications technology. Voice services include local exchange, regional, long distance and toll-free calling along with voice messaging services, conferencing and contact center solutions. Core data includes private line and data access networks. Core services also include the provision of customer premises equipment, and installation, maintenance and site services. We continue to transition customers out of copper-based legacy voice and data services to fiber services, including IP and Ethernet. 
Partner Solutions provides communications services including data, voice, local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers. In 2018 , Partner Solutions revenues were $4.7 billion , representing approximately 16%  of Wireline’s aggregate revenues. A portion of Partner Solutions revenues are generated by a few large telecommunications companies, most of which compete directly with us. 
Data services. We offer a robust portfolio of data services with varying speeds and options to enhance our wholesale customers’ networks and provide connections to their end-users and subscribers. Our data services include high-speed digital data offerings, such as Ethernet and Wavelength services, as well as core time-division multiplexing (TDM) data circuits, such as DS1s and DS3s. In addition, we receive revenue from data services that is generated from carriers that buy dedicated local exchange capacity to support their private networks. We have also launched a dark fiber product for wireless carriers as demand for wireless data continues to grow and dark fiber plays a larger role in their network architecture.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. 
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of family, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate and ensure the trust and customer success of our customers. 
We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies (2022 and for the eighth year in a row), Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work (2021 and for the 13th year in a row), Human Rights Campaign Best Places to Work For LGBTQ Equality (2022), and Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work in Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States (2022).
