WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into various commitments, which primarily include programming and talent arrangements, operating and finance leases (see Note 9), arrangements to purchase various goods and services, and future funding commitments to equity method investees. 
Content purchase obligations include commitments and liabilities associated with third-party producers and sports associations for content that airs on our television networks. Production contracts generally require: purchase of a specified number of episodes; payments over the term of the license; and include both programs that have been delivered and are available for airing and programs that have not yet been produced or sporting events that have not yet taken place. If the content is ultimately never produced, our commitments expire without obligation. The commitments disclosed above exclude content liabilities recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. 
Other purchase obligations include agreements with certain vendors and suppliers for the purchase of goods and services whereby the underlying agreements are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms. Significant purchase obligations include transmission services, television rating services, marketing research, employment contracts, equipment purchases, and information technology and other services. Some of these contracts do not require the purchase of fixed or minimum quantities and generally may be terminated with a 30 -day to 60 -day advance notice without penalty, and are not included in the table above past the 30-day to 60-day advance notice period. Amounts related to employment contracts include base compensation, but do not include compensation contingent on future events.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
pipelines in all locations; (iv) modifying the provisions for making pipeline repairs; (v) requiring all pipelines subject to integrity management requirements be capable of accommodating inline inspection tools within 20 years, with certain exceptions; and (vi) clarifying of other regulations to improve compliance. The notice regarding these regulations was issued in October 2015 and the final rule remains pending. 
In March 2016, the PHMSA issued proposed new safety regulations for natural gas transmission pipelines that broaden the scope of safety coverage in several ways, including but not limited to: (i) modifying the regulation of gathering lines by eliminating the exemption from reporting requirements for gas gathering line operators and revising the definition for gathering lines; (ii) adding new assessment and revising repair criteria for pipeline segments in HCAs and establishing repair criteria for pipelines that are outside of HCAs; (iii) expanding the scope of the regulations to include pipelines located in areas of Medium Consequence Areas (“MCAs”); (iv) adding a requirement to test pipelines built before 1970, which are currently exempt from certain pipeline safety requirements; (v) modifying the way that pipeline operators secure and inspect transmission pipeline infrastructure following extreme weather events; (vi) clarifying requirements for conducting risk assessment associated with integrity management activities; (vii) expanding mandatory data collection and integration requirements associated with integrity management activities, including data validation; (viii) requiring new safety features for pipeline “pig” launchers and receivers; and (ix) requiring a systematic approach to verify a pipeline’s maximum allowable operating pressure and requiring operators to report maximum allowable operating pressure exceedances. A final rule regarding these proposals remains pending. 
PHMSA has also issued a final rule, which became effective in January 2019, that amends pipeline safety regulations covering the types, design, and installation of plastic materials that can be used to transport natural gas. The new rule permits the use of PVC pipe, adopts a variety of applicable industry standards, and revises regulations related to storage and handling, component design, valve design, standard fittings, and pipe testing associated with the use of plastic pipe.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
At December 31, 2020, the Company has pre-tax loss carryforwards of $ 3,293 million, of which $ 332 million will expire at various dates between 2021 and 2040 and the remaining $ 2,961 million can be carried forward indefinitely. 
The unremitted earnings as of December 31, 2020 in those subsidiaries where we continue to be indefinitely reinvested is approximately $ 1.6 billion. We currently have not recognized approximately $ 73 million of deferred tax liabilities related to those unremitted earnings. Future tax law changes or changes in the needs of our non-U.S. subsidiaries could require us to recognize deferred tax liabilities on a portion, or all, of our accumulated earnings that are currently indefinitely reinvested. 
   For the Years Ended December 31,   2020 2019 2018   (in millions) January 1 $ 426   $ 516   $ 579   Increases from positions taken during prior periods 35   27   36   Decreases from positions taken during prior periods ( 17 ) ( 35 ) ( 43 ) Increases from positions taken during the current period 48   50   57   Decreases relating to settlements with taxing authorities ( 27 ) ( 64 ) ( 45 ) Reductions resulting from the lapse of the applicable
