SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third-party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason.

BOEING CO report:
(2) charges to cost of products for adverse changes in the fair value of trade-in aircraft that occur subsequent to signing of a definitive agreement for Sale Aircraft but prior to the purchase of the used trade-in aircraft. Estimates based on current aircraft values would be included in Accrued liabilities. 
The fair value of trade-in aircraft is determined using aircraft-specific data such as model, age and condition, market conditions for specific aircraft and similar models, and multiple valuation sources. This process uses our assessment of the market for each trade-in aircraft, which in most instances begins years before the return of the aircraft. There are several possible markets in which we continually pursue opportunities to place used aircraft. These markets include, but are not limited to, the resale market, which could potentially include the cost of long-term storage; the leasing market, with the potential for refurbishment costs to meet the leasing customer’s requirements; or the scrap market. Trade-in aircraft valuation varies significantly depending on which market we determine is most likely for each aircraft. On a quarterly basis, we update our valuation analysis based on the actual activities associated with placing each aircraft into a market or using current published third-party aircraft valuations based on the type and age of the aircraft, adjusted for individual attributes and known conditions. 
In conjunction with certain product sales, we provide warranties that cover factors such as non-conformance to specifications and defects in material and design. The majority of our warranties are issued by our BCA segment. Generally, aircraft sales are accompanied by a 3 to 4 -year standard warranty for systems, accessories, equipment, parts, and software manufactured by us or manufactured to certain standards under our authorization. These warranties are included in the programs’ estimate at completion. On occasion we have made commitments beyond the standard warranty obligation to correct fleet-wide major issues of a particular model, resulting in additional accrued warranty expense. Warranties issued by our BDS segment principally relate to sales of military aircraft and weapons systems. These sales are generally accompanied by a six month to two-year warranty period and cover systems, accessories, equipment, parts and software manufactured by us to certain contractual specifications. Estimated costs related to standard warranties are recorded in the period in which the related product delivery occurs. The warranty liability recorded at each balance sheet date reflects the estimated number of months of warranty coverage outstanding for products delivered times the average of historical monthly warranty payments, as well as additional amounts for certain major warranty issues that exceed a normal claims level. Estimated costs of these additional warranty issues are considered changes to the initial liability estimate.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
We are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in Brazil and non-income tax claims in Argentina, and have accrued our estimates of the probable costs to resolve these claims. These estimates have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. For more information on tax and labor claims in Brazil, see "Item 3. Legal Proceedings " 
We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. We consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation 
allowances. If we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. Conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense.
