ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
We are subject to the Jones Act and other federal laws that restrict maritime transportation between U.S. departure and destination points to vessels built and registered in the U.S. and owned and manned by U.S. citizens. As a result of this ownership requirement, we are responsible for monitoring the foreign ownership of our common units and other partnership interests. If we do not comply with such requirements, we would be prohibited from operating our vessels in U.S. coastwise trade, and under certain circumstances we would be deemed to have undertaken an unapproved foreign transfer, resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading rights for our vessels, fines or forfeiture of the vessels. In addition, the USCG and American Bureau of Shipping maintain the most stringent regime of vessel inspection in the world, which tends to result in higher regulatory compliance costs for U.S.-flagged operators than for owners of vessels registered under foreign flags of convenience. Our marine operations are also subject to the Merchant Marine Act of 1936, which under certain conditions would allow the U.S. government to requisition our marine assets in the event of a national emergency. 
There is considerable debate over climate change and the environmental effects of greenhouse gas emissions and their associated consequences on global climate, oceans and ecosystems. As a commercial enterprise, we are not in a position to validate or repudiate the existence of global warming or various aspects of the scientific debate. However, if global warming is occurring, it could have a long-term impact on our operations. For example, our facilities that are located in low lying areas such as the coastal regions of Louisiana and Texas may be at increased risk due to flooding, rising sea levels, or disruption of operations from more frequent and severe weather events. Facilities in areas with limited water availability may be impacted if droughts become more frequent or severe. Changes in climate or weather may hinder exploration and production activities or increase the cost of production of oil and gas resources and consequently affect the volume of hydrocarbon products entering our system. Changes in climate or weather may also affect consumer demand for energy or alter the overall energy mix. 
In response to scientific studies suggesting that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases, including gases associated with oil and natural gas production such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide among others, may be contributing to a warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other adverse environmental effects, various governmental authorities have considered or taken actions to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. For example, the EPA has taken action under the CAA to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, certain states (individually or in regional cooperation), including states in which some of our facilities or operations are located, have taken or proposed measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Also, the U.S. Congress has proposed legislative measures for imposing restrictions or requiring emissions fees for greenhouse gases.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
The Company is party to various lawsuits and claims in the ordinary course of business. However, a determination as to the amount of the accrual required for such contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty and the impact of the final resolution of these matters on the Company's results of operations in a particular subsequent reporting period is not known, management does not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, future results of operations or liquidity. 
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. This section provides additional information regarding our businesses, current developments, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, contractual commitments and critical accounting policies. 
A discussion of our results of operations and liquidity for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, filed on February 27, 2020, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and our Investor Relations website at ir.corporate.discovery.com.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 40 basis points compared to 2020. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation was 9.69%, a decrease of 32 basis points. Warehouse operations and other businesses were lower by 24 basis points, largely attributable to payroll leveraging increased sales. Incremental wages as a result of COVID-19, which ended on February 28, 2021, were lower by eight basis points. Central operating costs were lower by five basis points. Stock compensation expense was lower by three basis points, and costs associated with the acquisition of Innovel were lower by one basis point. These decreases were offset by an increase of five basis points related to a partial reversal of a product tax assessment in 2020, as well as an increase of four basis points related to a write-off of certain information technology assets in the fourth quarter of 2021 that are no longer expected to be utilized as part of the modernization of our information systems. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar increased our SG&A expenses by approximately $228 in 2021. 
Preopening expenses include startup costs for new warehouses and relocations, developments in new international markets, new manufacturing and distribution facilities, and expansions at existing warehouses and corporate facilities. Preopening expenses vary due to the number of warehouse and facility openings, the timing of the opening relative to our year-end, whether the warehouse is owned or leased, and whether the opening is in an existing, new or international market. 
The decrease in interest income in 2021 was primarily due to lower interest rates in the U.S. and Canada, partially offset by higher average cash and investment balances. Foreign-currency transaction gains, net include mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts and revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities by our Canadian and Other International operations. See Derivatives and Foreign Currency sections in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. During 2020, other, net was impacted by a $36 charge related to the repayment of certain Senior Notes.
