ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
We are subject to state ratable take and common purchaser statutes in all of the states in which we operate. The ratable take statutes generally require gatherers to take, without undue discrimination, natural gas production that may be tendered to the gatherer for handling. Similarly, common purchaser statutes generally require gatherers to purchase without undue discrimination as to source of supply or producer. These statutes are designed to prohibit discrimination in favor of one producer over another producer or one source of supply over another source of supply. These statutes have the effect of restricting the right of an owner of gathering facilities to decide with whom it contracts to purchase or transport natural gas. 
Natural gas gathering may receive greater regulatory scrutiny at both the state and federal levels. For example, the TRRC has approved changes to its regulations governing transportation and gathering services performed by intrastate pipelines and gatherers, which prohibit such entities from unduly discriminating in favor of their affiliates. Many of the producing states have adopted some form of complaint-based regulation that generally allows natural gas producers and shippers to file complaints with state regulators in an effort to resolve grievances relating to natural gas gathering access and rate discrimination allegations. Our gathering operations could be adversely affected should they be subject in the future to the application of additional or different state or federal regulation of rates and services. Our gathering operations also may be or become subject to safety and operational regulations relating to the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of gathering facilities. Additional rules and legislation pertaining to these matters are considered or adopted from time to time. We cannot predict what effect, if any, such changes might have on our operations, but the industry could be required to incur additional capital expenditures and increased costs depending on future legislative and regulatory changes. 
Regulation of Interstate Crude Oil, NGL and Products Pipelines. Interstate common carrier pipeline operations are subject to rate regulation by the FERC under the ICA, the EPAct of 1992, and related rules and orders. The ICA requires that tariff rates for petroleum pipelines be “just and reasonable” and not unduly discriminatory and that such rates and terms and conditions of service be filed with the FERC. This statute also permits interested persons to challenge proposed new or changed rates. The FERC is authorized to suspend the effectiveness of such rates for up to seven months, though rates are typically not suspended

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
During the transition period, we continue to take protective measures in response to the potential impacts on our results of operations and financial condition. Our exposure to disruptions to our supply chain, the imposition of tariffs and currency devaluation in the United Kingdom could result in a material impact to our consolidated revenue, earnings and cash flow. In 2019, we generated 8.6% of our net revenues in the United Kingdom and our supply chain in this market relies on imports of raw and packaging materials as well as finished goods. Following the Brexit vote in June 2016, there was significant volatility in the global stock markets and currency exchange rates. The value of the British pound sterling relative to the U.S. dollar declined significantly and negatively affected our translated results reported in U.S. dollars. The volatility in foreign currencies and other markets is expected to continue as the United Kingdom executes its exit from the European Union. If the U.K.'s membership in the European Union terminates without trade and other cross-border operating agreements, there could be increased costs from re-imposition of tariffs on trade between the United Kingdom and other countries, including those in the European Union, shipping delays because of the need for customs inspections and procedures and shortages of certain goods. The United Kingdom will also need to negotiate its own tax and trade treaties with countries all over the world, which could take years to complete. If the ultimate terms of the U.K.’s separation from the European Union negatively impact the U.K. economy or result in disruptions to sales or our supply chain, the impact to our results of operations and financial condition could be material. We have taken measures to increase our resources in customer service & logistics together with increasing our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the United Kingdom to help us manage through the Brexit transition and the inherent risks. Resulting impacts and market volatility can vary significantly depending on the final terms of the U.K.’s exit from the European Union. 
Argentina – as further discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Currency Translation and Highly Inflationary Accounting, on July 1, 2018, we began to apply highly inflationary accounting for our Argentinean subsidiaries. As a result, we recorded a remeasurement gain of $4 million in 2019 and a remeasurement loss of $11 million in 2018 within selling, general and administrative expenses related to the revaluation of the Argentinean peso denominated net monetary position over these periods. The mix of monetary assets and liabilities and the exchange rate to convert Argentinean pesos to U.S. dollars could change over time, so it is difficult to predict the overall impact of the Argentina highly inflationary accounting on future net earnings. 
Financing Costs – We regularly evaluate our variable and fixed-rate debt. We continue to use low-cost, short- and long-term debt to finance our ongoing working capital, capital expenditures and other investments, dividends and share repurchases. Our weighted-average interest rate on our total debt as of December 31, 2019 was 2.2% , down from 2.3% as of December 31, 2018 and up from 2.1% as of December 31, 2017 , primarily reflecting changes in our interest rates on commercial paper borrowings over these periods. We continue to use interest rate swaps and other financial instruments to manage our exposure to interest rate and cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the value of our debt. We also enter into cross-currency interest rate swaps and forwards to hedge our non-U.S. net investments against adverse movements in exchange rates. Our net investment hedge derivative contracts have had and are expected to have a favorable impact and reduce some of the financing costs and related currency impacts within our interest costs. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Borrowing Arrangements , and Note 10, Financial Instruments , for additional information on our debt and derivative activity.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Subject to the prior preferences and other rights of any senior stock, holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will participate equally with common stockholders on an as converted to common stock basis in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors. 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Discovery, after payment of Discovery’s debts and liabilities and subject to the prior payment with respect to any stock ranking senior to Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, the holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will receive, before any payment or distribution is made to the holders of any common stock or other junior stock, an amount (in cash or property) equal to $ 0.01 per share. Following payment of such amount and the payment in full of all amounts owing to the holders of securities ranking senior to Discovery’s common stock, holders of Series A-1 and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock will share equally on an as converted to common stock basis with the holders of common stock with respect to any assets remaining for distribution to such holders. 
During the year ended December 31, 2019 , Advance Newhouse Programming Partnership converted 1.1 million of its Series C-1 convertible preferred stock into 22.0 million shares of Series C common stock.
