ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Our results of operations and financial condition are subject to certain significant risks. Factors that can affect the demand for our products and services include domestic and international economic conditions, the market price and demand for energy, the cost to develop natural gas and crude oil reserves in the U.S., federal and state regulation, the cost and availability of capital to energy companies to invest in upstream exploration and production activities and the credit quality of our customers. For information regarding such risks, see Part I, Item 1A of this annual report. In addition, our business activities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing a wide variety of topics, including commercial, operational, environmental, safety and other matters. For a discussion of the principal effects of such laws and regulations on our business activities, see “Regulatory Matters” within this Part I, Items 1 and 2 discussion.
Our NGL Pipelines & Services business segment currently includes 22 natural gas processing facilities and related NGL marketing activities; approximately 19,900 miles of NGL pipelines; NGL and related product storage facilities; and 16 NGL fractionators. This segment also includes our LPG and ethane export terminals and related operations.
At the core of our natural gas processing business are 22 processing facilities located in Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Texas and Wyoming. The results of operations from our natural gas processing facilities are primarily dependent on the difference between the revenues we earn from extracting NGLs (in terms of cash processing fees and/or the value of any retained NGLs) and the cost of natural gas and other operating costs incurred in connection with such extraction activities.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. Factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of which products have been sold subject to a rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. Using historical trends, adjusted for current changes, Abbott estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when Abbott records its sale of the product. Settlement of the rebate generally occurs from one to six months after sale. Abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs. Historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income.
Other allowances charged against gross sales include cash discounts and returns, which are not significant. Cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore can be reliably estimated. Returns can be reliably estimated because Abbott's historical returns are low, and because sales return terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods. Product warranties are also not significant.
Abbott also applies judgment in determining the timing of revenue recognition related to contracts that include multiple performance obligations. The total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. For goods or services for which observable standalone selling prices are not available, Abbott uses an expected cost plus a margin approach to estimate the standalone selling price of each performance obligation.

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
The Company is currently under audit by several jurisdictions in the United States and abroad. Some audits may conclude in the next 12 months, and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement amounts. It is not practical to estimate the effect, if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions in connection with the audits. The Company does not anticipate that there will be a material increase or decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
The Company files income tax returns in the United States, various state and local jurisdictions, in Canada, and in several other foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examination for years before fiscal 2018. The Company is currently subject to examination in California for fiscal years 2013 to present. 
The Company is subject to multiple examinations for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions. In certain cases, the Company has received assessments from the authorities. Possible losses or range of possible losses associated with these matters are either immaterial or an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss cannot be made at this time. If certain matters or a group of matters were to be decided adversely to the Company, it could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year.
