SALESFORCE INC report:
The increase in marketing and sales expenses was primarily due to an increase of $797 million  in employee-related costs and amortization of deferred commissions, an increase  of $174 million  in stock-based expenses, an increase  in amortization of purchased intangible assets of $111 million , and allocated overhead. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by 25 percent  since January 31, 2018 , of which a component was due to the acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2018. The increase in headcount was primarily attributable to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. We expect that marketing and sales expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to hire additional sales personnel. 
The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs. Our general and administrative headcount increased by 27 percent  since January 31, 2018  as we added personnel to support our growth as well as an increase due to the acquisition of MuleSoft in May 2018. 
Interest expense consists of interest on our debt, capital leases, and financing obligation related to 350 Mission. The increase in interest expense was primarily driven by interest expense on the 2023 Senior Notes and 2028 Senior Notes of approximately $71 million . We expect interest expense to increase in future years as the 2023 Senior Notes and 2028 Senior Notes will be outstanding for a full year as compared to a partial year in fiscal 2019.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Adequacy of reserve estimates We believe our net claims and claims expense reserves are appropriately established based on available methodologies, facts, laws and regulations. Additionally, we rely on historical claims experience to inform the level of the recorded reserve. We calculate and record a single best reserve estimate, in conformance with generally accepted actuarial standards and practices, for each line of insurance, its components (coverages and perils) and state, for reported losses and for IBNR losses, and as a result we believe that no other estimate is better than our recorded amount. Due to the uncertainties involved, the ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded amounts, which are based on our best estimates. 
Characteristics of Run-off exposure Our exposure to asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims arise principally from assumed reinsurance coverage written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s, including reinsurance on primary insurance written on large U.S. companies, and from direct excess commercial insurance written from 1972 through 1985, including substantial excess general liability coverages on large U.S. companies. Additional exposure stems from direct primary commercial insurance written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s. Asbestos claims relate primarily to bodily injuries asserted by claimants who were exposed to asbestos or products containing asbestos. Environmental claims relate primarily to pollution and related clean-up costs. Other run-off claims exposures primarily relate to general liability and product liability mass tort claims, such as those for medical devices and other products, workers’ compensation claims and claims for various other coverage exposures other than asbestos and environmental. 
In 1986, the general liability policy form used by us and others in the property and casualty industry was amended to introduce an “absolute pollution exclusion,” which excluded coverage for environmental damage claims, and to add an asbestos exclusion. Most general liability policies issued prior to 1987 contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage. General liability policies issued in 1987 and thereafter contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage and annual aggregate limits for all coverages. Our experience to date is that these policy form changes have limited the extent of our exposure to environmental and asbestos claim risks.

BOEING CO report:
We estimate the fair values of the related operations using discounted cash flows. Forecasts of future cash flows are based on our best estimate of future sales and operating costs, based primarily on existing firm orders, expected future orders, contracts with suppliers, labor agreements and general market conditions. Changes in these forecasts could significantly change the amount of impairment recorded, if any. 
The cash flow forecasts are adjusted by an appropriate discount rate derived from our market capitalization plus a suitable control premium at the date of evaluation. Therefore, changes in the stock price may also affect the amount of impairment recorded, if any. 
We completed our assessment of goodwill as of April 1, 2019 and determined that there is no impairment of goodwill. As of December 31, 2019 , we estimated that the fair value of each reporting unit significantly exceeded its corresponding carrying value. Changes in our forecasts, or decreases in the value of our common stock could cause book values of certain operations to exceed their fair values which may result in goodwill impairment charges in future periods.
