US FOODS HOLDING CORP report:
During fiscal year 2021, the Company implemented rebranding initiatives related to the integration of a trade name acquired as part of an earlier acquisition. As a result of the rebranding initiatives, the Company recognized an impairment charge of $ 7 million, which was included in restructuring costs and asset impairment charges in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. During 2020, the Company also recognized $9 million of asset impairment charges related to COVID-19’s adverse impacts on the fair value of certain trade names acquired as part of the 2019 Food Group acquisition. 
Due to the many variables inherent in estimating fair value and the relative size of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, differences in assumptions could have a material effect on the results of the Company’s impairment analysis in future periods. 
We participate in various rebate and promotional incentives with our suppliers, primarily through purchase-based programs. The amount and timing of recognition of consideration under these incentives requires management judgment and estimates. Consideration under these incentives is estimated during the year based on historical and forecasted purchasing activity, as our obligations under the programs are fulfilled primarily when products are purchased. Consideration is typically received in the form of invoice deductions, or less often in the form of cash payments. Changes in the estimated amount of incentives earned are treated as changes in estimates and are recognized in the period of change. Historically, adjustments to our estimates for vendor consideration or related allowances have not been significant, and we do not expect adjustments to our estimates for vendor consideration or related allowances to be significant in the next 12 months.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
Absolute return funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2020 and 2019. Investments in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 90 days . For approximately $ 245 million and $ 110 million of the absolute return funds, redemptions are subject to a 33 percent gate and a 25 percent gate, respectively, and $ 60 million is subject to a lock until 2022. Investments in the private funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2021 to 2030. Abbott’s unfunded commitment in these funds was $ 523 million and $ 579 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
The investment mix of equity securities, fixed income and other asset allocation strategies is based upon achieving a desired return, as well as balancing higher return, more volatile equity securities with lower return, less volatile fixed income securities. Investment allocations are made across a range of markets, industry sectors, capitalization sizes, and in the case of fixed income securities, maturities and credit quality. The plans do not directly hold any securities of Abbott. There are no known significant concentrations of risk in the plans’ assets. Abbott’s medical and dental plans’ assets are invested in a similar mix as the pension plan assets. The actual asset allocation percentages at year end are consistent with the company’s targeted asset allocation percentages.
The plans’ expected return on assets, as shown above is based on management’s expectations of long-term average rates of return to be achieved by the underlying investment portfolios. In establishing this assumption, management considers historical and expected returns for the asset classes in which the plans are invested, as well as current economic and capital market conditions.

SALESFORCE INC report:
We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Customer 360 Platform. Acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. This process resulted in our acquisition of several companies in recent years, notably our acquisition of Slack in fiscal 2022. 
We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted geographies, businesses and technological initiatives. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. 
We primarily deliver our Salesforce solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.
