WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
For convenience, the terms “Discovery,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to refer to both Discovery, Inc. and collectively to Discovery, Inc. and one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
In May 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with AT&T Inc. to combine with WarnerMedia’s ("WarnerMedia") entertainment, sports and news assets to create a standalone, global entertainment company. 
The proposed combination transaction will be executed through a Reverse Morris Trust type transaction, under which WarnerMedia will be distributed to AT&T’s shareholders via a pro rata distribution (i.e., a spin off). In connection with the combination transaction, AT&T will receive approximately $43 billion (subject to working capital and other adjustments) in a combination of cash, debt securities and WarnerMedia’s retention of certain debt. The Company has concluded that it will be considered the accounting acquirer. The Company established an interest rate derivative program to mitigate interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of future fixed-rate debt by WarnerMedia, which is expected to be guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company upon closing of the transaction. (See Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Under the terms of the new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, EPO may borrow up to $2.0 billion (which may be increased by up to $200 million to $2.2 billion at EPO’s election, provided certain conditions are met) at a variable interest rate for a term of up to 364 days, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. To the extent that principal amounts are outstanding at the maturity date, EPO may elect to have the entire principal balance then outstanding continued as a non-revolving term loan for a period of one additional year, payable in September 2020. Borrowings under this revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general company purposes. 
The new 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants (affirmative and negative) and events of default, the occurrence of which would permit the lenders to accelerate the maturity date of any amounts borrowed under this credit agreement. The credit agreement also restricts EPO’s ability to pay cash distributions to its parent, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., if an event of default (as defined in the credit agreement) has occurred and is continuing at the time such distribution is scheduled to be paid or would result therefrom. 
In June 2018, EPO increased the aggregate principal amount of short-term notes that it could issue (and have outstanding at any time) under its commercial paper program from $2.5 billion to $3.0 billion. The commercial paper program enables us to access typically lower short-term interest rates, which allows us to manage working capital and our overall cost of capital. As a back-stop to the commercial paper program, we intend to maintain a minimum available borrowing capacity under EPO’s Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility equal to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of EPO’s commercial paper notes. All commercial paper notes issued under the program are senior unsecured obligations of EPO that are unconditionally guaranteed by Enterprise Products Partners L.P. At December 31, 2018, we had no commercial paper notes outstanding.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Purchase obligations for inventory and production costs (such as raw materials, indirect materials and supplies, packaging, co-manufacturing arrangements, storage and distribution) are commitments for projected needs to be utilized in the normal course of business. Other purchase obligations include commitments for marketing, advertising, capital expenditures, information technology and professional services. Arrangements are considered purchase obligations if a contract specifies all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, a pricing structure and approximate timing of the transaction. Most arrangements are cancelable without a significant penalty and with short notice (usually 30 days). Any amounts reflected on the consolidated balance sheet as accounts payable and accrued liabilities are excluded from the table above. 
In connection with U.S. tax reform, we currently estimate paying a total $1.3 billion transition tax liability through 2026. As of December 31, 2018 , the amount outstanding was $1.2 billion . The amounts and timing of our tax payments are likely to change as a result of additional guidance issued. See Note 15, Income Taxes , for additional information on U.S. tax reform and its impact on our financial statements. 
Other long-term liabilities in the table above include both the current and long-term related liabilities. We have included the estimated future benefit payments for our postretirement health care plans through December 31, 2028 of $198 million. We are unable to reliably estimate the timing of the payments beyond 2028; as such, they are excluded from the above table. There are also another $15 million of various other long-term liabilities that are expected to be paid over the next 5 years. In addition, the following long-term liabilities included on the consolidated balance sheet are excluded from the table above: accrued pension costs, estimated multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits, insurance accruals and other accruals. As of December 31, 2018 , our unrecognized tax benefit, including associated interest and penalties, classified as a long-term payable is $550 million . We currently expect to make approximately $237 million in contributions to our pension plans in 2019 . In 2018, we estimated a multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liability of $573 million . We anticipate receiving an assessment in 2019, and the ultimate withdrawal liability may change from the currently estimated amount. We will record any future adjustments in the period during which the liability is confirmed or as new information becomes available. We expect to pay the liability over a period of 20 years from the date of the assessment.
