WORLD KINECT CORP report:
We may also be affected by increasingly stringent U.S. federal and foreign environmental laws and regulations that will apply to us or our customers in the future, some of which could increase the cost or reduce the demand for our products and services. For example, due to concern over the risk of climate change, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In other countries, proposed regulations include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Although the ultimate impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, they could make our products more expensive or reduce demand for petroleum products, as well as shift demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources. This, in turn, could affect our operations, earnings and competitive position. 
This 2019 10-K Report and the information incorporated by reference in it, or made by us in other reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, teleconferences, industry conferences or otherwise, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “plan,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. Specifically, this 2019 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements about (i) our expectations regarding the conditions in the aviation, land, and marine markets and the impact on our business, including volume, fuel prices, and the impact of the coronavirus outbreak on us and our customers, (ii) our expectations about the financial impact of portfolio rationalization and our ability to redeploy such capital into activities with sustainable revenue and expected returns, (iii) our expectations regarding sales to government customers,particularly NATO in Afghanistan, and the related impact on our profitability , 
(iv) our beliefs regarding our competitive advantages and our ability to capitalize on these to drive growth, (v) estimates regarding the short and long-term savings and synergies from our cost-savings initiatives and the benefits of our restructuring plan, (vi) our expectations regarding our working capital, liquidity, capital expenditure requirements, (vii) our expectations and estimates regarding certain tax, legal and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, (viii) our expectations regarding the financial and operational impact of our investments in automation and technology, including transaction processing costs, (ix) our expectations regarding the financial impact of acquisitions and divestitures, including estimates of future expenses and our ability to realize estimated synergies, and (x) estimates regarding the financial impact of our derivative contracts. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosures contained in our SEC filings.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
In China, however, strategies for responding to the COVID-19 virus evolved through various stages that ultimately resulted in longer-lasting mobility restrictions than in most other industrialized nations. China adopted a strategy of “zero-COVID” which was based on a strict testing regime intended to pinpoint and then isolate localized clusters of the population infected with the virus. The large-scale lockdowns dramatically slowed Chinese economic output between late 2021 and 2022 and ended up constricting the global supply chain due to the significant reductions in intermediate and finished goods manufactured in China. These reductions occurred just as the rest of the world was demanding increases in goods upon emerging from the pandemic.
To make matters worse, Russia invaded the independent country of Ukraine in February 2022 in a major escalation of the conflict that began when Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014. To counter Russia’s aggression and to prevent a larger regional conflict, members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (“NATO”), among other countries, imposed sanctions on Russia including limits on exports of crude oil, refined products and natural gas, which sent global Brent crude oil prices soaring from $90 per barrel in early February 2022 to $123 per barrel by early June 2022. Natural gas prices in Europe (based on the Dutch Title Transfer Facility, a virtual trading hub for gas in the Netherlands and primary gas pricing hub for the European gas market) increased even more dramatically from $26 per MMBtu in January 2022 to nearly $100 per MMBtu in August 2022. The higher cost of energy led to government subsidies and the rationing of natural gas, electricity and commodities in Europe, which further reduced global economic output.
Several factors, including massive fiscal stimulus from the U.S. and other global governments, increases in energy prices due to higher demand for energy and commodities following the pandemic, the significant global supply chain disruptions caused in large part by lockdowns in China and the reduction in energy supplies due to sanctions on Russia contributed to inflation rates not seen in the U.S. in over four decades. Between June 2021 and June 2022, the inflation rate, as measured by the U.S. Consumer Price Index (“CPI”), increased from 5.4% to a peak of 9.1%. To counteract these pressures, the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank (“the Fed”) increased interest rates by 25 basis points in March 2022 and 50 basis points in May 2022. As inflation continued to rise, the Fed further increased rates by 75 basis points in each of its June, July, September and November meetings during 2022.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
Includes our proportionate share of unusual or infrequent items, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs, restructuring program costs and discrete U.S. tax reform impacts recorded by our JDE and Keurig equity method investees. 
Refer to Note 11, Stock Plans , for more information on our equity compensation programs, Note 12, Capital Stock , for more information on our share repurchase program and Note 16, Earnings per Share , for earnings per share weighted-average share information. 
We manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions.
