BOEING CO report:
BGS provides parts, maintenance, modifications, logistics support, training, data analytics and information-based services to commercial and government customers worldwide. BGS segment revenue and costs include certain services provided to other segments. Revenue on commercial spare parts contracts is recognized at the point in time when a spare part is delivered to the customer. Revenue on other contracts is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred. 
While our principal operations are in the United States, Canada and Australia, some key suppliers and subcontractors are located in Europe and Japan. Revenues, including foreign military sales, are reported by customer location and consist of the following: 
 Revenues from the U.S. government (including foreign military sales through the U.S. government), primarily recorded at BDS and BGS, represented 39 % , 31 % , and 31 % of consolidated revenues for 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 , respectively. Approximately 4 % of operating assets were located outside the United States as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 .

ALLSTATE CORP report:
settle claims, less losses that have been paid. The significant lines of business are auto, homeowners, and other personal lines for Allstate Protection, and asbestos, environmental, and other run-off lines for Run-off Property-Liability. Allstate Protection’s claims are typically reported promptly with relatively little reporting lag between the date of occurrence and the date the loss is reported. Auto and homeowners liability losses generally take an average of about two years to settle, while auto physical damage, homeowners property and other personal lines have an average settlement time of less than one year. Run-off Property-Liability involves long-tail losses, such as those related to asbestos and environmental claims, which often involve substantial reporting lags and extended times to settle. 
Reserves are the difference between the estimated ultimate cost of losses incurred and the amount of paid losses as of the reporting date. Reserves are estimated for both reported and unreported claims, and include estimates of all expenses associated with processing and settling all incurred claims. We update most of our reserve estimates quarterly and as new information becomes available or as events emerge that may affect the resolution of unsettled claims. Changes in prior reserve estimates (reserve reestimates), which may be material, are determined by comparing updated estimates of ultimate losses to prior estimates, with the differences recorded as property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period such changes are determined. Estimating the ultimate cost of claims and claims expenses is an inherently uncertain and complex process involving a high degree of judgment and is subject to the evaluation of numerous variables. 
The actuarial methods used to develop reserve estimates Reserve estimates are derived by using several different actuarial estimation methods that are variations on one primary actuarial technique. The actuarial technique is known as a “chain ladder” estimation process in which historical loss patterns are applied to actual paid losses and reported losses (paid losses plus individual case reserves established by claim adjusters) for an accident year or a report year to create an estimate of how losses are likely to develop over time. An accident year refers to classifying claims based on the year in which the claims occurred. A report year refers to classifying claims based on the year in which the claims are reported. Both classifications are used to prepare estimates of required reserves for payments to be made in the future. The key assumptions affecting our reserve estimates comprise data elements including claim counts, paid losses, case reserves, and development factors calculated with this data.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Certain of our non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with U.S. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into U.S. dollar. U.S. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. Also, certain of our U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. Local currency loans in U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the U.S. are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. For the year ended December 31, 2020 we recorded a foreign currency gain on net debt of $206 million versus a foreign currency loss on net debt for the year ended December 31, 2019 of $139 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile Net income to Cash used for operating activities in the line item “Foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt” in our consolidated statements of cash flows. This adjustment is required 
Investing: Cash provided by investing activities was $1,813 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to $1,503 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, an increase of $310 million. The increase was primarily due to higher proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, lower capital expenditures, and higher cash inflows from settlements of net investment hedges, offset by lower net proceeds from investments and the divestiture of businesses and property, plant and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
For the year ended December 31, 2020, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,943 million. In addition, we received proceeds from investments of $305 million, primarily promissory notes related to financial services investments, which were more than offset by payments of $337 million for such investments. We also made payments for capital expenditures of $365 million related to capital projects at various facilities. For the year ended December 31, 2019, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,312 million. In addition, we received proceeds from investments of $449 million, primarily from promissory notes related to financial services investments, partially offset by payments of $393 million made for such investments. We also made payments for capital expenditures of $524 million, which primarily related to the replanting of sugarcane in our Brazilian sugar and biofuels business that was contributed to the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture in late 2019, as well as other capital projects at various facilities.
