VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
From time to time we have exchanged spectrum licenses with other wireless service providers through secondary market swap transactions. We expect to continue to pursue similar opportunities to trade spectrum licenses in order to meet capacity and expansion needs in the future. In certain cases, we have entered into intra-market spectrum swaps designed to increase the amount of contiguous spectrum within frequency bands in a specific market. Contiguous spectrum improves network performance and efficiency. These swaps, as well as any spectrum purchases, require us to obtain governmental approvals. 
Information regarding spectrum license transactions is included in the 2019 Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report. 
During March 2015, we completed a transaction with American Tower Corporation (American Tower) pursuant to which American Tower acquired the exclusive rights to lease and operate approximately 11,300 of our wireless towers and corresponding ground leases for an upfront payment of $5.0 billion. We have subleased capacity on the towers from American Tower for a minimum of 10 years at current market rates, with options to renew. Under the terms of the lease agreements, American Tower has exclusive rights to lease and operate towers over an average term of approximately 28 years. As the leases expire, American Tower has fixed-price purchase options to acquire these towers based on their anticipated fair market values at the end of the lease terms. As part of this transaction, we also sold 162 towers for $71 million.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Merchandising, a decrease of $76 million was primarily due to lower Other (expense) income - net and higher SG&A expense, which more than offset higher Gross profit and higher foreign exchange results. 
Agribusiness segment Net sales increased by $13,589 million, or 45%, to $43,636 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to $30,047 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was due to the following: 
• In Processing, Net sales increased $7,125 million primarily due to significantly higher average sales prices in our soybean processing businesses in all regions, driven by higher commodity prices, and significantly higher average sales prices in our European softseed processing business.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our marketing and sales expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s trade names, customer lists and customer relationships. 
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel, professional services fees and allocated overhead. 
We allocate overhead such as information technology infrastructure, rent and occupancy charges based on headcount. Employee benefit costs and taxes are allocated based upon a percentage of total compensation expense. As such, these types of expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category.
