SALESFORCE INC report:
For fiscal 2021, the increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase of $330 million in employee-related costs, an increase of $37 million in stock-based expenses, an increase of $275 million in service delivery costs primarily due to our efforts to increase data center capacity, an increase in amortization of purchased intangible assets of $222 million and an increase in third party fees and allocated overhead. Service delivery costs associated with our perpetual and term software licenses are lower than service delivery costs associated with our cloud service offerings and as a result, our subscription and support gross margin in fiscal 2021 benefited, in part, due to this shift in our business mix. 
We have increased our headcount associated with our data centers, customer support, and professional services by 18 percent since fiscal 2020 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, and our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. The timing of these expenses will affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in future periods. 
For fiscal 2021, the increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase of approximately $508 million in employee-related costs, an increase of $193 million in stock-based expenses, and increases in our development and test data center costs and allocated overhead. Our research and development headcount increased by 11 percent since fiscal 2020 in order to improve and extend our service offerings, develop new technologies and integrate acquired companies. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
RMI comprises agricultural commodity inventories, including soybeans, soybean meal, soybean oil, corn, and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing 
mechanisms. Total RMI reported at fair value were $6,680 million and $6,869 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (see Note 6- Inventories, to our consolidated financial statements). 
Other current assets - Other current assets, including Assets held for sale, were $4,417 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of $598 million from $5,015 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in DPP as a result of restructuring our trade receivables securitization program during the fourth quarter of 2022 (see Note 5- Trade Accounts Receivable and Trade Receivable Securitization Program to our consolidated financial statements), a decrease in marketable securities and other short-term investments, due to a decrease in investments with Ukrainian exposures following the onset of the Ukraine-Russia war, as well as a decrease in Assets held for sale due to the completion of the sale of our Mexico wheat milling business (see Note 3- Acquisitions and Dispositions , to our consolidated financial statements), partially offset by an increase in margin deposits, prepaid commodity contracts, and income tax receivable.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
customer experience, supporting increased penetration of data services and the continued attraction and retention of higher valued retail postpaid connections. For our prepaid business, we expect to continue to operate in a competitive environment while making investments to achieve long-term success in this space. 
We expect to continue to grow our Fios internet connections as we seek to increase our penetration rates within our Fios service areas, further supported by the demand for higher speed internet connections. At the same time, we expect accelerating fixed wireless access connections to complement strong Fios results as demand for broadband services continues to grow. In Fios video, the business continues to face ongoing pressure as observed throughout the linear television market. Given these trends, we provide standalone Fios internet plans in addition to the choice of Fios video or a streaming service provided by a partner. We have experienced continuing access line and DSL losses as customers have disconnected both primary and secondary lines and switched to alternative technologies such as wireless, Voice over Internet Protocol, and cable for voice and data services. 
In our Business segment, we offer wireless products and services to business and government customers across the U.S. We continue to grow our retail connections while operating in a highly competitive environment. We expect that this connection growth, combined with our industry-leading network assets, will provide additional opportunities to sell solutions, such as those around security, advanced communications and professional services. We also expect to expand our existing services offered to business customers through our Intelligent Edge Network, our multi-use platform.
