ALLSTATE CORP report:
amount that can be recovered through regular assessments, LA Citizens may fund the remaining deficit by issuing revenue assessment bonds in the capital markets. LA Citizens then declares emergency assessments each year to provide debt service on the bonds until they are retired. Companies writing assessable lines must surcharge their policyholders emergency assessments in the percentage established annually by LA Citizens and must remit amounts collected to the bond trustee on a quarterly basis. Emergency assessments to pay off bonds issued in 2007 for the hurricanes of 2005 will continue until 2025. 
Facilities such as FL Citizens and LA Citizens are generally designed so that the ultimate cost is borne by policyholders; however, the exposure to assessments from these facilities and the availability of recoupments or premium rate increases may not offset each other in the Company’s financial statements. Moreover, even if they do offset each other, they may not offset each other in financial statements for the same fiscal period due to the ultimate timing of the assessments and recoupments or premium rate increases, as well as the possibility of policies not being renewed in subsequent years. 
California Earthquake Authority Exposure to certain potential losses from earthquakes in California is limited by the Company’s participation in the California Earthquake Authority (“CEA”), which provides insurance for California earthquake losses. The CEA is a privately-financed, publicly-managed state agency created to provide insurance coverage for earthquake damage. Insurers selling homeowners insurance in California are required to offer earthquake insurance to their customers either through their company or by participation in the CEA. The Company’s homeowners policies continue to include coverages for losses caused by explosions, theft, glass breakage and fires following an earthquake, which are not underwritten by the CEA.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Service. Service enables companies to deliver trusted and highly personalized customer service and support at scale. Our customers use our Service offering to connect their service agents with customers anytime and anywhere, across any touchpoint from the phone to digital channels to self-service portals, with connected omnichannel engagement. Our Service offering also helps our customers’ customers resolve top, routine issues with predictions, recommendations and chatbots across digital channels. In addition, Service offers a field service solution that enables companies to connect agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can schedule and dispatch work intelligently and track and manage jobs in real-time. 
Platform. Our Platform offering is an easy, flexible platform that enables companies of all sizes, locations and industries to build business apps to bring them closer to their customers with drag-and-drop tools. It is an agile and trusted way for enterprises to innovate and deliver digital transformation at scale. Platform offers industry-leading trust, security and availability, built-in compliance, integrated platform services and automatic upgrades. Platform also includes Trailhead, our free online learning platform that allows anyone to learn in-demand Salesforce skills, including administering our services and developing on the Platform. With myTrailhead, customers can personalize Trailhead for their business to empower learning and enablement at their company. 
Slack. In July 2021, we acquired Slack, a system of engagement that digitally connects employees, customers, partners and systems with every application and every workflow. Slack enables organizations to build a digital headquarters and work more efficiently by supporting the way people naturally work together, in real-time or asynchronously, in-person or remote and structured or informal. We plan to integrate Slack with most Salesforce offerings.

BOEING CO report:
We continue to anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur in late 2023. The 777X program has near break-even gross margins at December 31, 2021. The level of profitability on the 777X program will be subject to a number of factors. These factors include continued market uncertainty, the impacts of COVID-19 on our production system as well as impacts on our supply chain and customers, customer negotiations, further production rate adjustments for the 777X or other commercial aircraft programs, contraction of the accounting quantity and potential risks associated with the testing program and the timing of aircraft certification. One or more of these factors could result in additional reach-forward losses on the 777X program in future periods. 
787 Program During 2020, we experienced significant reductions in deliveries due to the impacts of COVID-19 on our customers as well as production issues and associated rework. During 2021 we delivered 14 aircraft between March 2021 and May 2021 prior to deliveries being paused in May 2021. Deliveries remain paused. 
At December 31, 2021 and 2020 we had approximately 110 and 80 aircraft in inventory. We have identified production quality issues, including in our supply chain, which have contributed to the pause in deliveries. In July 2021, we announced that we were reprioritizing production resources to support inspections and rework. We continue to conduct inspections and rework on undelivered aircraft and engage in detailed discussions with the FAA regarding required actions for resuming delivery of the 787. We are currently producing at very low rates and expect that to continue until deliveries resume, gradually returning to 5 per month over time. In the third quarter of 2021, we determined that in the current environment production rates below 5 per month represent abnormally low production rates and result in abnormal production costs, and that inspections and rework costs on inventoried aircraft are excessive and should also be accounted for as abnormal production costs that are required to be expensed as incurred. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we determined that the ongoing rework, as well as our ongoing discussions with the FAA in anticipation of resumption of deliveries, will result in lower production rates longer than previously expected. As a result of these impacts, we expect to incur approximately $2 billion of abnormal production costs on a cumulative basis with most being incurred by the end of 2023. We continue to work with customers and suppliers regarding timing of future deliveries and production rate changes. We are also continuing to implement changes in the production process designed to ensure that newly-built airplanes meet our specifications and do not require further inspections and rework. During the first quarter of 2021, we consolidated 787 production in South Carolina, in line with our previous assumptions, which did not have a significant financial impact on the program.
