SALESFORCE INC report:
On the lease commencement date the Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are amortized over the lease term to operating expense. 
The Company additionally has entered into subleases for unoccupied leased office space. Any impairments to the ROU asset, leasehold improvements or other assets as a result of a sublease are recognized in the period the sublease is executed and recorded as an operating expense. Any sublease payments received in excess of the straight-line rent payments for the sublease are recorded as an offset to operating expenses and recognized over the sublease life. 
Stock-based expenses related to stock options are measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and restricted stock awards based on grant date at fair value using the closing stock price. The Company recognizes stock-based expenses related to stock options and restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of four years .

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Represents enforceable and legally binding agreements to purchase goods or services as of December 31, 2019. The estimated payment obligations are based on contractual prices in effect at December 31, 2019 applied to all future volume commitments. Actual future payment obligations may vary depending on prices at the time of delivery.
Represents unconditional payment obligations for services to be rendered or products to be delivered in connection with our capital expenditures, including our share of the capital expenditures of unconsolidated affiliates.
Primarily represents the Liquidity Option liability, the noncurrent portion of asset retirement obligations and deferred revenues. We expect that the Liquidity Option will be replaced with a long-term deferred tax liability of similar amount upon exercise of the Liquidity Option. For a discussion of the Liquidity Option and the effects of the option exercise, see Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.

ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
Adjusted EBITDA ( consolidated ). For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, Adjusted EBITDA increased $47 million primarily due to favorable results in multiple segments, the most significant of which were in our midstream segment, where Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased by $1.34 billion primarily due to favorable natural gas and NGL prices, increased production and the impacts of recent acquisitions. These increases were substantially offset by the impacts of Winter Storm Uri in February 2021, with the most significant impact in our intrastate transportation and storage segment. 
Additional information on changes impacting Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, including other impacts from Winter Storm Uri and other non-storm-related factors, is available in “Segment Operating Results.” 
Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense increased primarily due to additional depreciation from assets recently placed in service and recent acquisitions.
