ENERGY TRANSFER LP report:
• Patoka, Illinois Terminal. The Patoka, Illinois terminal is a tank farm owned by the PEP joint venture and is located in Marion County, Illinois. The facility includes 234 acres of owned land and provides for approximately 1.9 MMBbls of crude oil storage. 
• Houston Terminal. The Houston Terminal consists of storage tanks located on the Houston Ship Channel with an aggregate storage capacity of 18.2 MMBbls used to store, blend and transport refinery products and refinery feedstocks via pipeline, barge, rail, truck and ship. This facility has five deep-water ship docks on the Houston Ship Channel capable of loading and unloading Suezmax cargo vessels and seven barge docks which can accommodate 23 barges simultaneously, three crude oil pipelines connecting to four refineries and numerous rail and truck loading spots. 
• Cushing Facilities. The Cushing Facility has approximately 7.6 MMBbls of crude oil storage, of which 5.6 MMBbls are leased to customers and 2.0 MMBbls are available for crude oil operations, blending and marketing activities. The storage terminal has inbound connections with the White Cliffs Pipeline from Platteville, Colorado, the Great Salt Plains Pipeline from Cherokee, Oklahoma, the Cimarron Pipeline from Boyer, Kansas, and two-way connections with all of the other major storage terminals in Cushing. The Cushing terminal also includes truck unloading facilities.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Effective at the start of fiscal 2019, the Company adopted the provisions and expanded disclosure requirements described in ASU 2014-09 also referred to as Topic 606. The Company adopted the standard using the full retrospective method. Accordingly, the results for the prior comparable periods were adjusted to conform to the current period measurement and recognition of results. 
Removal of the limitation on contingent revenue, which can result in the subscription and support revenue for certain multi-year customer contracts being recognized earlier in the duration of the contract term; 
Inclusion of an estimate of variable consideration, such as overage fees, in the total transaction price, which results in the estimated fees being recognized ratably over the contract term, further resulting in the recognition of subscription and support revenues before the actual variable consideration occurs.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
As described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, acquired in-process research & development (“IPR&D”) intangible assets were approximately $1.3 billion at December 31, 2019. IPR&D intangible assets are assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators suggest the fair value of the IPR&D intangible asset may be below its carrying value. Auditing the fair value estimate of IPR&D intangible assets is complex because the estimate involves making assumptions about the timing and amount of forecasted future net cash flows of the related IPR&D projects, as well as the risk associated with the forecasted future net cash flows. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s IPR&D intangible asset impairment assessment, as well as its process for identification of events that indicate an IPR&D intangible asset may be impaired. This included controls over management's review of the valuation model and the significant assumptions (e.g., discount rate, projected research and development (“R&D”) costs, probability of technical success, projected revenues and product profitability) used to develop the prospective financial information (PFI). 
To test the fair value of the Company’s IPR&D intangible assets, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company's use of the income approach, testing the significant assumptions described above used to develop the prospective financial information and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. For example, we compared certain significant assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, historical results of the Company's business and other guideline companies within the same industry and to other relevant factors. We performed a sensitivity analysis of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value of the IPR&D assets resulting from changes in the assumptions. We also involved our valuation specialists to assist in testing certain significant assumptions in the fair value estimate. In addition, to evaluate the probability of technical success, we considered the phase of development of the IPR&D project and the Company's history of obtaining regulatory approvals.
