BOEING CO report:
BCA total backlog of $376,593 million at December 31, 2019 decreased from $408,140 million at December 31, 2018 , primarily due to deliveries in excess of new orders and a reduction in backlog related to orders from a customer that experienced liquidity issues. We are experiencing fewer new 737 MAX orders than we were receiving prior to the grounding. If 737 MAX aircraft remain grounded for an extended period of time, we may experience reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations. To date, the 737 MAX grounding has not resulted in significant order cancellations. 
Accounting Quantity The accounting quantity is our estimate of the quantity of airplanes that will be produced for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts. The determination of the accounting quantity is limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates of the revenue and cost of existing and anticipated contracts. It is a key determinant of the gross margins we recognize on sales of individual airplanes throughout a program’s life. Estimation of each program’s accounting quantity takes into account several factors that are indicative of the demand for that program, including firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. We review our program accounting quantities quarterly. 
The accounting quantity for each program may include units that have been delivered, undelivered units under contract, and units anticipated to be under contract in the reasonable future (anticipated orders). In developing total program estimates, all of these items within the accounting quantity must be considered.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Revenue Recognition - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations. We enter into contracts with our customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, we have generally concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct. 
We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The SSP is the price at which we would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We determine SSP by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and volume of our transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, our go-to-market strategy, historical sales and contract prices. In instances where we do not sell or price a product or service separately, we determine the estimated standalone selling price using information that may include market conditions or other observable inputs. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Reinsurance and indemnification programs We utilize reinsurance to reduce exposure to catastrophe risk and manage capital, and to support the required statutory surplus and the insurance financial strength ratings of certain subsidiaries such as Castle Key Insurance Company (“CKIC”) and Allstate New Jersey Insurance Company (“ANJ”). We purchase significant reinsurance to manage our aggregate countrywide exposure to an acceptable level. The price and terms of reinsurance and the credit quality of the reinsurer are considered in the purchase process. We have also purchased reinsurance to mitigate exposures in our long-tail liability lines, including environmental, asbestos and other run-off lines as well as our commercial lines, including shared economy. We also participate in various indemnification mechanisms, including state-based industry pool or facility programs mandating participation by insurers offering certain coverage in their state and the federal government National Flood Insurance Program (“NFIP”). See Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements for additional details on these programs. 
N/A $ 6,695 $ 5,646 New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association (“PLIGA”) N/A 371 389 North Carolina Reinsurance Facility (“NCRF”) N/A 279 67 Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (“FHCF”) N/A 25 32 Other 7 8 
N/A 34 30 Subtotal 7,411 6,172 Catastrophe reinsurance recoverables Sanders RE II LTD. N/A 303 — Renaissance Reinsurance Limited A+ 106 17 Swiss Reinsurance America Corporation AA- 88 12 Other 873 168 Subtotal 1,370 197
