MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
On October 5, 2021, the Company closed an asset sale-leaseback transaction on a property in New Jersey. The Company received proceeds of approximately $ 142 million, net of selling costs for the property, which had a carrying value of $ 51 million, and resulted in an approximately $ 91 million gain on the sale transaction. The leaseback is accounted for as an operating lease. The leaseback is expected to end in 2023 and has three 90-day renewal options. 
Indefinite-life intangible assets consist principally of brand names purchased through our acquisitions of Nabisco Holdings Corp., the global LU biscuit business of Groupe Danone S.A., Cadbury Limited and Clif Bar. Definite-life intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks, customer-related intangibles, process technology, licenses and non-compete agreements. 
Amortization expense for intangible assets was $ 132 million in 2022, $ 134 million in 2021 and $ 194 million in 2020. For the next five years, we estimate annual amortization expense of approximately $ 150 million in 2023-2025, approximately $ 95 million in 2026 and approximately $ 90 million in 2027 (reflecting December 31, 2022 exchange rates).

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
Although the ultimate impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, additional legislation or regulations could impose significant additional costs on us, our suppliers, our vendors and our customers, or could adversely affect demand for our energy products. The potential increase in our operating costs could include additional costs to operate and maintain our facilities, such as installing new infrastructure or technology to respond to new mandates, or paying taxes related to our GHG emissions, among others. Furthermore, changes in regulatory policies or increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products that are deemed to contribute to GHGs, harm our reputation and adversely impact our sales of fuel products. 
Due to the complex and technical nature of many of these laws and regulations, inadvertent violations may occur. If we fail to comply with these laws or regulations for any reason, we would be required to correct or implement measures to prevent a recurrence of any violations, which could increase our operating costs. 
At World Fuel Services, we believe that our people's passion and expertise are what differentiates us and investing in our people is a top priority. Our comprehensive approach to serving our workforce includes our commitment to our employees' growth and development, health and safety, and overall well-being. As of February 19, 2021, we employed approximately 4,300 employees globally who are based in the following regions:

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
Represents enforceable and legally binding agreements to purchase goods or services as of December 31, 2019. The estimated payment obligations are based on contractual prices in effect at December 31, 2019 applied to all future volume commitments. Actual future payment obligations may vary depending on prices at the time of delivery.
Represents unconditional payment obligations for services to be rendered or products to be delivered in connection with our capital expenditures, including our share of the capital expenditures of unconsolidated affiliates.
Primarily represents the Liquidity Option liability, the noncurrent portion of asset retirement obligations and deferred revenues. We expect that the Liquidity Option will be replaced with a long-term deferred tax liability of similar amount upon exercise of the Liquidity Option. For a discussion of the Liquidity Option and the effects of the option exercise, see Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.
