BOEING CO report:
We have entered into agreements with certain customers that would entitle us to look beyond the specific collateral underlying the receivable for purposes of determining the collateral exposure. Should the proceeds from the sale of the underlying collateral asset resulting from a default condition be insufficient to cover the carrying value of our receivable (creating a shortfall condition), these agreements would, for example, permit us to take the actions necessary to sell or retain certain other assets in which the customer has an equity interest and use the proceeds to cover the shortfall. 
In conjunction with signing a definitive agreement for the sale of new commercial aircraft (Sale Aircraft), we have entered into trade-in commitments with certain customers that give them the right to trade in used aircraft at a specified price. 
(1) adjustments to revenue for the difference between the contractual trade-in price in the definitive agreement and our best estimate of the fair value of the trade-in aircraft as of the date of such agreement, which would be recognized upon delivery of the Sale Aircraft, and/or

ALLSTATE CORP report:
claims expenses increased $2.95 billion primarily due to Hurricane Ida and Winter Storm Uri. In 2020, ceded claims and claims expenses decreased $6 million. For further discussion of these items, see Regulation, Indemnification Programs and Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements. 
For the years ended December 31, 2021 2020 2019 ($ in millions) Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Beginning reserves $ 6,282 $ 670 $ 6,106 $ 647 $ 5,975 $ 605 National General acquisition as of January 4, 2021 566 31 — — — — Incurred claims and claims expense-current year 398 132 312 98 446 202 Incurred claims and claims expense-prior years 403 59 107 65 (16) 20 
(1) Paid claims and claims expenses reported in the table for the current and prior years, recovered from the MCCA totaled $117 million, $103 million and $119 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from selling annual and multi-year subscriptions in multiple currencies, customer accounts receivable, intercompany transfer pricing arrangements and other intercompany transactions. Our foreign currency management objective is to minimize the effect of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on selected assets or liabilities without exposing us to additional risk associated with transactions that could be regarded as speculative. 
We pursue our objective by utilizing foreign currency forward contracts to offset foreign exchange risk. Our foreign currency forward contracts are generally short-term in duration. We neither use these foreign currency forward contracts for trading purposes nor do we currently designate these forward contracts as hedging instruments pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 815 (“ASC 815”), Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, we record the fair values of these contracts as of the end of our reporting period to our consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair values recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. Given the short duration of the forward contracts, the amount recorded is not significant. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or loss on our foreign currency forward contracts and other factors. 
Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, revenues, operating expenses and cash flows that we report for our foreign subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into USD. Although the USD fluctuated against certain international currencies over the past several months, the amounts of revenue and remaining performance obligation that we reported in USD for foreign subsidiaries that transact in international currencies were similar to what we would have reported during the fiscal year using a constant currency rate.
