ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
After being relatively moderate in recent years, inflation in the United States increased significantly in late 2021 into 2022. This rise in inflation, coupled with supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and increased commodity prices, has generally resulted in higher costs in 2022. However, to the extent that a rising cost environment impacts our results, there are typically offsetting benefits either inherent in our business or that result from other steps we take proactively to reduce the impact of inflation on our net operating results. These benefits include: (1) provisions included in our long-term fee-based revenue contracts that offset cost increases in the form of rate escalations based on positive changes in the U.S. Consumer Price Index, Producer Price Index for Finished Goods or other factors; (2) provisions in other revenue contracts that enable us to pass through higher energy costs to customers in the form of gas, electricity and fuel rebills or surcharges; and (3) higher commodity prices, which generally enhance our results in the form of increased volumetric throughput and demand for our services. Additionally, we take measures to mitigate the impact of cost increases in certain commodities, including a portion of our electricity needs, using fixed-price, term purchase agreements. For these reasons, the increased cost environment, caused in part by inflation, has not had a material impact on our historical results of operations for the periods presented in this report. However, a significant or prolonged period of high inflation could adversely impact our results if costs were to increase at a rate greater than the increase in the revenues we receive.
See “ Capital Investments ” within this Part II, Item 7 for a discussion of the impact of inflation on our capital investment decisions. Additionally, see Part I, Item 1A “ Risk Factors -   Changes in price levels could negatively impact our revenue, our expenses, or both, which could adversely affect our business. ”
Revenues from the marketing of NGLs, crude oil and natural gas increased a combined $17.0 billion year-to-year primarily due to higher average sales prices, which accounted for a $12.0 billion increase, and higher sales volumes, which accounted for an additional $5.0 billion increase.

WORLD KINECT CORP report:
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with “Item 6 – Selected Financial Data,” and with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this 2018 10‑K Report. The following discussion may contain forward‑looking statements, and our actual results may differ materially from the results suggested by these forward‑looking statements. Some factors that may cause our results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward‑ looking statements are described in “Item 1A – Risk Factors” and under “Forward-Looking Statements.” 
We are a leading global fuel services company, principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and services in the aviation, marine and land transportation industries. In recent years, we have expanded our product and service offerings to include energy advisory services and supply fulfillment with respect to natural gas and power and transaction and payment management solutions to commercial and industrial customers. We endeavor to become a leading global energy management company, offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment services and technology solutions across the energy product spectrum. We also seek to become a leading transaction and payment management company, offering payment management solutions to commercial and industrial customers, principally in the aviation, land and marine transportation industries. 
The overall aviation market remains strong, benefiting from continued growth in global passenger demand, while airline profitability remains healthy, notwithstanding increased costs from higher average fuel prices experienced during 2018. Our aviation segment has benefited from our increased logistics capability and we have expanded our aviation fueling operations footprint into additional international territories and airport locations. The aviation segment has also benefited from continued strong demand from government customers, principally NATO in Afghanistan. Sales to government customers account for a material portion of our aviation segment's profitability, and while we expect our government-related activity to remain strong through 2019, we believe the related profit contribution will decrease as compared to 2018. Global events and military-related activities, as well as the level of troop deployments and related activity, drive sales to government customers and therefore can vary significantly from period to period and materially impact our results of operations.

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
The fair value for customer relationships at the acquisition date was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach. The fair value measurements of intangible assets are based on significant unobservable inputs, and thus represent Level 3 inputs. Significant assumptions used in assessing the fair values of intangible assets include discounted future cash flows, customer attrition rates and discount rates. 
On July 16, 2019, we acquired a majority interest in a U.S. refrigerated nutrition bar company, Perfect Snacks, within our North America segment for $ 284 million cash paid, net of cash received, and expanded our position in broader snacking. During the first quarter of 2020, we finalized the purchase price allocation of $ 31 million to definite-life intangible assets, $ 107 million to indefinite-life intangible assets, $ 150 million to goodwill, $ 1 million to property, plant and equipment, $ 12 million to inventory, $ 8 million to accounts receivable, $ 13 million to current liabilities, $ 3 million to deferred tax liabilities and $ 9 million to other liabilities. Through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition, Perfect Snacks added incremental net revenues of $ 55 million and an immaterial amount of incremental operating income in 2020. 
On May 28, 2019, we completed the sale of most of our cheese business in the Middle East and Africa to Arla Foods of Denmark. In 2019, we received cash proceeds of $ 161 million and divested $ 19 million of current assets and $ 96 million of non-current assets. During 2019, we recorded a net pre-tax gain of $ 44 million on the sale. The divestiture resulted in year-over-year declines in net revenues of $ 55 million and operating income of $ 9 million during 2020. We incurred divestiture-related costs of $ 4 million in 2020 and $ 6 million in 2019.
