SALESFORCE INC report:
In certain cases, we are able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, we use a range of SSP. We determine the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography. 
Costs Capitalized to Obtain Revenue Contracts. Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years, which, although longer than the typical initial contract period, reflects the average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. Significant judgment is required in arriving at this average period of benefit. Therefore, we evaluate both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the estimated life cycles of our offerings and our customer attrition. 
Business Combinations. Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pre-acquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
The acquisition of BlueJeans was accounted for as a business combination. We are currently assessing the identification and measurement of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values as of the close of the acquisition, subject to customary closing adjustments. Preliminarily, we recorded approximately $ 253 million of goodwill and $ 190 million of other intangible assets, which primarily consisted of customer lists and internally developed technology. Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred and the fair value of the net assets acquired. The goodwill represents future economic benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition. The goodwill related to this acquisition is included within Business. 
In September 2020, we entered into a purchase agreement (Tracfone Purchase Agreement) with América Móvil to acquire TracFone Wireless, Inc. (Tracfone), a provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. Under the terms of the Tracfone Purchase Agreement, we will acquire all of the stock of Tracfone for approximately $ 3.1 billion in cash and $ 3.1 billion in Verizon common stock, subject to customary adjustments, at closing. The number of shares issued will be based on an average trading price determined as of the closing date and is subject to a minimum number of shares issuable of 47,124,445 and a maximum number of shares issuable of 57,596,544 . The Tracfone Purchase Agreement also includes up to an additional $ 650 million in future cash consideration related to the achievement of certain performance measures and other commercial arrangements. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and closing conditions and is expected to close in the second half of 2021. 
In October 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets of Bluegrass Cellular, a rural wireless operator serving central Kentucky. Bluegrass Cellular provides wireless service to 210,000 customers in 34 counties in rural service areas 3, 4, and 5 in Central Kentucky. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and closing conditions and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2021.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
In the U.S., we offer products through 10,800 Allstate exclusive agencies operating in 10,700 locations, supported by 27,100 licensed sales professionals, and 1,000 exclusive financial specialists. We also offer products through 3,400 independent agencies, contact centers and online. In Canada, we offer Allstate brand products through 1,000 employee producers. 
Allstate exclusive agencies also support the Service Businesses, Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits segments through offering roadside assistance, consumer protection plans, identity protection, life insurance and voluntary benefits products. 
When an Allstate product is not available, we may offer non-proprietary products to consumers through Ivantage and arrangements made with other companies, agencies, and brokers. As of December 31, 2019, Allstate agencies had approximately $1.7 billion of non-proprietary personal insurance premiums under management, primarily related to property business in hurricane exposed areas, and approximately $225 million of non-proprietary commercial insurance premiums under management. Additionally, we offer a homeowners product through our excess and surplus lines carrier, North Light Specialty Insurance Company, in certain areas with higher risk of catastrophes or where customers do not meet the Allstate brand standard underwriting profile.
