VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
Our primary network technology platform is 4G LTE, which provides higher data throughput performance for data services at a lower cost compared to that offered by 3G technologies. In addition, over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services.   
Our 4G LTE network is available in approximately 500 markets covering approximately 331 million people, including those in areas served by our LTE in Rural America partners. Under this program, we have collaborated with wireless carriers in rural areas to build and operate a 4G LTE network using each carrier’s network assets and our core 4G LTE equipment and 700 megahertz (MHz) C Block and Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) spectrum. We currently have 21 LTE in Rural America partners that provide 4G LTE coverage to an area covering approximately three million people. 
We consider the reliability, coverage and speed of our wireless network as key factors for our continued success and we strive to provide our customers with the highest network reliability for their wireless services. We believe that steady and consistent network and platform investments provide the foundation for innovative products and services that will fuel profitable growth.

SALESFORCE INC report:
At January 31, 2019, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $4.3 billion. The fixed-income portfolio was also subject to interest rate risk. Changes in interest rates of 100-basis points would have resulted in market value changes of $21 million. 
The borrowings under our revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.375% or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 0.75% to 1.375%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit rating. Our Revolving Credit Facility allows for the LIBOR rate to be phased-out and replaced with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and therefore we do not anticipate a material impact by the expected upcoming LIBOR transition. Regardless of what amounts, if any, are outstanding under the Credit Facility, we are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment fee on undrawn amounts at a rate of 0.05% to 0.175%, with such rate being based on our credit rating, payable in arrears quarterly. As of January 31, 2020, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Credit Facility. 
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our on-going assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
Absent any contract provision wherein the Company guarantees either a minimum return or account value upon death, a specified contract anniversary date, partial withdrawal or annuitization, variable annuity and variable life insurance contractholders bear the investment risk that the separate accounts’ funds may not meet their stated investment objectives. The account balances of variable annuity contracts’ separate accounts with guarantees included $ 2.96 billion and $ 2.68 billion of equity, fixed income and balanced mutual funds and $ 238 million and $ 253 million of money market mutual funds as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
The table below presents information regarding the Company’s variable annuity contracts with guarantees. The Company’s variable annuity contracts may offer more than one type of guarantee in each contract; therefore, the sum of amounts listed exceeds the total account balances of variable annuity contracts’ separate accounts with guarantees. 
$ 308   $ 373   Average attained age of contractholders 72 years 71 years At annuitization (includes income benefit guarantees) Separate account value $ 925   $ 848   Net amount at risk (2)
