SALESFORCE INC report:
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, fostering open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. 
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of family, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate and ensure the trust and customer success of our customers. 
We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies (2022 and for the eighth year in a row), Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work (2021 and for the 13th year in a row), Human Rights Campaign Best Places to Work For LGBTQ Equality (2022), and Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work in Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States (2022).

BOEING CO report:
The table below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of earnings from operations, operating margins and diluted earnings per share. 
FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the FAS pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. This adjustment is excluded from Core operating earnings (non-GAAP). 
Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. These expenses are included in Other income/(loss), net and are excluded from Core earnings per share (non-GAAP).

ALLSTATE CORP report:
The Company is defending putative class actions in various courts that raise challenges to the Company’s depreciation practices in homeowner property claims. In these lawsuits, plaintiffs generally allege that, when calculating actual cash value, the costs of “non-materials” such as labor, general contractor’s overhead and profit, and sales tax should not be subject to depreciation. The Company is currently defending the following lawsuits on this issue: Clark v. Allstate Vehicle and Property Insurance Company (Circuit Court of Independence Co., Ark., filed February 2016); Sims, et al. v. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company, et al. (W.D. Tex. filed June 2022); Thompson, et al. v. Allstate Insurance Company (Circuit Court of Cole Co., Mo. filed June 2022); and Hill v. Allstate Vehicle and Property Insurance Compan y (Circuit Court of Cole Co., Mo. filed October 2022). No classes have been certified in any of these matters. A settlement-in-principle has been reached in the following cases: Perry v. Allstate Indemnity Company, et al . (N.D. Ohio filed May 2016); Lado v. Allstate Vehicle and Property Insurance Company (S.D. Ohio filed March 2020); Maniaci v. Allstate Insurance Compan y (N.D. Ohio filed March 2020); and Ferguson-Luke, et al. v. Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company (N.D. Ohio filed April 2020). The court granted preliminary approval of a class-wide settlement in Hester, et al. v. Allstate Vehicle and Property Insurance Company, et al . (St. Clair Co., Ill. filed June 2020) (as 
part of the proposed class-wide settlement, the plaintiff and defendant in Thaxton v. Allstate Indemnity Company were added to the Hester complaint). A motion for preliminary approval of a class-wide settlement is pending in Mitchell, et al. v. Allstate Vehicle and Property Insurance Company, et al . (S.D. Ala. filed August 2021). 
The Company is defending putative class actions pending in multiple states alleging that the Company underpays total loss vehicle physical damage claims on auto policies. The allegedly systematic underpayments result from one or more of the following theories: (a) the third party valuation tool used by the Company as part of a comprehensive adjustment process is allegedly flawed, biased, or contrary to applicable law; (b) the Company allegedly does not pay sales tax, title fees, registration fees, and/or other specified fees that are allegedly mandatory under policy language or state legal authority; or (c) after paying for the value of the loss vehicle, then the Company allegedly is not entitled to retain the residual salvage value, and the Company allegedly must pay salvage value to the owner (or if the loss vehicle is retained by the owner, then the Company allegedly may not apply any offset for the salvage value).
