ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
• The Haynesville Gathering System consists of the 235-mile State Line gathering system, the 73-mile Southeast Mansfield gathering system, and the 70-mile Southeast Stanley gathering system. The Haynesville Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the Haynesville and Bossier Shale supply basins and the Cotton Valley and Taylor Sand formations in Louisiana and eastern Texas for delivery to regional markets, including (through an interconnect with the Haynesville Extension pipeline) markets served by our Acadian Gas System.
 • The San Juan Gathering System gathers and treats natural gas produced from the San Juan Basin in northern New Mexico and southern Colorado and delivers the natural gas either directly into interstate pipelines or to regional natural gas plants, including our Chaco facility, for further processing prior to being transported on interstate pipelines.
 • The Old Ocean Pipeline transports natural gas from an injection point on our Texas Intrastate System near Maypearl, Texas for delivery to a pipeline interconnect at Sweeny, Texas. A third party serves as operator of the pipeline, which has a gross natural gas transportation capacity of 160 MMcf/d and entered full service in January 2019.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
During the year ended December 31, 2017 , in conjunction with the Scripps Networks acquisition (see Note 3 and Note 9), the Company entered into $4 billion notional amount of interest rate contracts used to economically hedge a portion of the pricing of the 2017  USD Notes. These interest rate contracts were settled on September 21, 2017  and did not receive hedging designation. The Company recognized a $98 million loss in connection with these interest rate contracts, which has been reflected as a component of other (expense) income, net on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
The Company records all unsettled derivative contracts at their gross fair values on the consolidated balance sheets. (See Note 5.) The portion of the fair value that represents cash flows occurring within one year are classified as current, and the portion related to cash flows occurring beyond one year are classified as noncurrent. 
The following table summarizes the impact of derivative financial instruments on the Company's consolidated balance sheets (in millions). There were no  amounts eligible to be offset under master netting agreements as of December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 .

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP report:
Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar positively impacted net sales by approximately $2,759, or 169 basis points, compared to 2020, attributable to our Canadian and Other International operations. Changes in gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by $1,636, or 100 basis points, compared to 2020, due to a 12% increase in the average price per gallon. The volume of gasoline sold increased approximately 10%, positively impacting net sales by $1,469, or 90 basis points. 
Comparable sales increased 16% during 2021 and were positively impacted by increases in shopping frequency and average ticket. There was an increase of 44% in e-commerce comparable sales in 2021, driven by an increase of 80% in the first half of the year. 
Membership fees increased 9% in 2021, driven by sign-ups and upgrades to Executive membership. Excluding the positive impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, membership fees increased 8%. At the end of 2021, our member renewal rates were 91% in the U.S. and Canada and 89% worldwide. Our renewal rate is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date. We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period.
