SALESFORCE INC report:
A reconciliation of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to the provision for (benefit from) income taxes included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations is as follows (in millions): 
(1) Fiscal 2021 effects of non-U.S. operations included tax benefit from the transfer of certain intangible property in Ireland. Fiscal 2020 included incremental tax costs associated with the integration of acquired operations and assets. 
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC report:
We are aggressively refarming 3G bands on 800 MHz and PCS bands for 4G LTE use. We anticipate that we will need additional spectrum to meet future demand. This increasing demand is driven by growth in customer connections and the increased usage of wireless broadband services that use more bandwidth and require faster rates of speed, as well as the wider deployment of 5G mobile and fixed services. We can meet our future 4G and 5G spectrum needs by acquiring licenses or leasing spectrum from other licensees, or by acquiring new spectrum licenses from the FCC, if and when future FCC spectrum auctions occur. On November 14, 2018, the FCC started two sequential millimeter wave auctions. Verizon is an applicant in the FCC's Auction 101 and Auction 102 relating to millimeter wave spectrum. On January 24, 2019, the FCC announced that Auction 101 had concluded with a total of approximately $702.6 million in bids received for the licenses that were won. The FCC has stated that it will not, and it will not permit any applicant to, disclose the winning bidders of any of the licenses in Auction 101 until Auction 102 concludes. In addition, the FCC has indicated that a third millimeter wave auction will begin in the second half of 2019, and the auction for Priority Access Licenses in the Citizens’ Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) 3.5 GHz band may also begin in 2019. In addition to spectrum, we believe that future demand will also be met as we increase the density of our networks and deploy advanced technologies. 
From time to time we have exchanged spectrum licenses with other wireless service providers through secondary market swap transactions. We expect to continue to pursue similar opportunities to trade spectrum licenses in order to meet capacity and expansion needs in the future. In certain cases, we have entered into intra market spectrum swaps designed to increase the amount of contiguous spectrum within frequency bands in a specific market. Contiguous spectrum improves network performance and efficiency. These swaps, as well as any spectrum purchases, require us to obtain governmental approvals. 
Additional information regarding spectrum license transactions is included in the 2018 Verizon Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 3  to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is incorporated by reference into this report.

BOEING CO report:
We are also working with our customers and supply chain to accelerate receipts and conserve cash. For example, the United States Department of Defense (U.S. DoD) has taken steps to work with its industry partners to increase liquidity in the form of increased progress payment rates and reductions in withholds among other initiatives. We are also deferring certain tax payments pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. 
In July 2020, we announced our business transformation efforts to assess our business across five key pillars – infrastructure, overhead and organization, portfolio and investments, supply chain health and operational excellence. Within the infrastructure pillar we are assessing our overall facility requirements in light of reduced demand in our commercial businesses and remote and virtual work opportunities for large numbers of our workforce. We also anticipate a reduction in office space needs compared to our current capacity. However, as we consolidate our footprint, we may incur near term adverse impacts to earnings. The overhead and organization pillar is focused on our cost structure and how we are organized so we can right size our workforce and simplify and reduce management layers and bureaucracy. The portfolio and investments pillar includes aligning our portfolio and investments to focus on our core business and the changes in market conditions. The supply chain pillar is focused on supply chain health and stability, reducing indirect procurement spend and streamlining our transportation, logistics and warehousing approach. The operational excellence pillar is focused on improving performance, enhancing quality and reducing rework. These activities are not intended to constrain our capacity, but to enable the Company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. 
Based on our current best estimates of market demand, planned production rates, timing of cash receipts and expenditures, our ability to successfully implement further actions to improve liquidity as well as our ability to access additional liquidity, if needed, we believe it is probable that we will be able to fund our operations for the foreseeable future.
