BOEING CO report:
Customer financing is collateralized by security in the related asset. The value of the collateral is closely tied to commercial airline performance and overall market conditions and may be subject to reduced valuation with market decline. Certain collateral values are being adversely impacted by the changes in market conditions driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. Declines in collateral values could result in asset impairments, reduced finance lease income, and an increase in the allowance for losses. Our customer financing collateral is concentrated in out-of-production aircraft and 747-8 aircraft. Generally, out-of-production aircraft have experienced greater collateral value declines than in-production aircraft. 
Lease income recorded in Revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 included $ 57 and $ 62 from sales-type/finance leases, and $ 118 and $ 139 from operating leases, of which $ 9 and $ 8 related to variable operating lease payments. 
Depreciation expense was $ 1,533 , $ 1,567 and $ 1,556 for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Interest capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 totaled $ 81 , $ 83 and $ 81 , respectively.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Marketing. Our Marketing offering enables companies to plan, personalize and optimize one-to-one customer marketing journeys, including interactions across email, mobile, social, web and connected products. Marketing enables our customers to provide an integrated customer experience across their customers' journey with real-time personalization. With our Marketing offering, customer data can also be integrated with our Sales offering and our Service offering in the form of leads, contacts and customer service cases to give companies a single source of truth for their customers. The Salesforce Customer Data Platform connects customer data so any team can access insights into how a customer interacts across various platforms. 
Commerce. Our Commerce offering empowers brands to unify the customer experience across many points of commerce, including mobile, web, social and store. Through personalized shopping experiences and a robust partner ecosystem, our Commerce offering helps companies drive increased engagement, conversion, loyalty and revenue from their customers. Our Commerce offering also delivers click-to-code tools that provide customers with the ability to choose how they build and deploy our solutions quickly around their customers as markets, industries and customers change. 
Analytics . Our Analytics offering, including Tableau, provides customers an advanced, end-to-end analytics solution serving a broad range of enterprise use cases. Analytics offers customers intelligent analytics capabilities to better understand their business data. By providing self-service data preparation and analytical technology to customers, Analytics is designed to improve our customers' decision-making and allow customers to take action from any device.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• In Processing, Cost of goods sold increased by $3,497 million due to higher average commodity prices, as noted in Net sales above, increased industrial input costs, in particular energy, driven by inflationary pressures, unfavorable mark-to-market results, as well as $52 million in charges for losses sustained in relation to the Ukraine-Russia war, and $40 million of impairment charges related to the classification of our Russian business as held-for-sale in the current year. 
• In Merchandising, Cost of goods sold increased by $780 million due to higher average commodity prices, as noted in Net sales above, and $28 million in charges for losses sustained in relation to the Ukraine-Russia war, partially offset by more favorable mark-to-market results, and lower volumes due to the completion of the sale of a portfolio of grain elevators in the interior of the United States during the third quarter of 2021. 
Gross profit decreased by $213 million, or 9%, to $2,290 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $2,503 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the following:
