ALLSTATE CORP report:
Premiums written increased 30.8%  or $ 337 million  to $1.43 billion  in 2018  from $1.09 billion  in 2017 , primarily due to continued growth at SquareTrade, including the addition of a leading U.S. retailer in third quarter 2018. Premiums written increased 54.3% or $385 million to $1.09 billion in 2017 from $709 million in 2016, primarily due to the acquisition of SquareTrade and growth through its U.S. retail channel, partially offset by decreases in premiums written at Allstate Roadside Services. 
Premiums written in 2019 will benefit from the full year impact of the addition of a leading U.S. retailer, but will be partially offset by the loss of existing retailer relationships in the normal course of business. 
SquareTrade and Allstate Dealer Services  issue contractual liability insurance policies or guaranteed asset protection reimbursement insurance policies to cover the liabilities of their products where required by state regulations. The products offered through SquareTrade and Allstate Dealer Services fall under the regulation of departments of insurance in many states with requirements for filing of forms and rates varying by product and by state.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
Other —We have a minority investment in a U.S. corn based ethanol production facility and a 50% interest in a joint venture that produces corn based ethanol in Argentina. In June 2018, we sold our interest in a joint venture for the development and production of renewable oils and feed ingredients in Brazil. 
Competition —We compete with other sugar and ethanol producers in Brazil and internationally, and in the global market with beet sugar processors, producers of other sweeteners, and other biofuels producers. The industry is highly competitive, with raw material procurement, cost structure, selling price and distribution capabilities being important competitive factors. Our major competitors in Brazil include Cosan Limited/ Raizen, São Martinho S.A. and Biosev (Louis Dreyfus). Our major international competitors include British Sugar PLC, Südzucker AG, Cargill, Tereos S.A., Sucden S.A., ED&F Man Limited and COFCO. 
Overview —Through our operations in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay, we produce, blend and distribute a range of liquid and dry NPK fertilizers, including nitrogen-based liquid and solid phosphate fertilizers. NPK refers to nitrogen (N), phosphate (P) and potassium (K), the main components of chemical fertilizers, used for crop production primarily of soybeans, corn and wheat. Our operations in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay are closely linked to our grain origination activities as we supply fertilizer to producers who supply us with grain. In Brazil, we operate a port terminal in the Port of Santos that discharges and handles imported fertilizers for third parties through our subsidiary Termag and provides logistics and support services. Our Brazilian grain operations also supply third-party produced fertilizer to farmers through barter agreements with the farmers.

BOEING CO report:
• We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions used in developing its estimates related to the initial program accounting quantity and revenue for unsold units. 
• We performed inquiries of those directly involved with the certification of the aircraft to evaluate project status and challenges which may affect total estimated costs to achieve certification of the aircraft. 
• We tested the effectiveness of controls including those over the key data used in developing the estimates, the mathematical extrapolation of such data, and management’s judgment regarding the range of reasonable outcomes relating to the specific estimates.
