ALLSTATE CORP report:
U.S. government and agencies, municipal, corporate - public and foreign government: The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields and credit spreads. 
Corporate - privately placed: Privately placed are valued using a discounted cash flow model that is widely accepted in the financial services industry and uses market observable inputs and inputs derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. The primary inputs to the discounted cash flow model include an interest rate yield curve, as well as published credit spreads for similar assets in markets that are not active that incorporate the credit quality and industry sector of the issuer. 
Corporate - privately placed also includes redeemable preferred stock that are valued using quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields, underlying stock prices and credit spreads.

BUNGE GLOBAL SA report:
• Sugar-BP Bunge Bioenergia produces two types of sugar: very high polarity ("VHP") raw sugar and crystal sugar. VHP sugar is similar to the raw sugar traded on major commodities exchanges, including the standard NY11 contract, and is sold almost exclusively for export. Crystal sugar is a non-refined white sugar and is principally sold domestically in Brazil. 
• Ethanol-BP Bunge Bioenergia produces and sells two types of ethanol: hydrous and anhydrous. Hydrous ethanol is consumed directly as a transport fuel, while anhydrous ethanol is blended with gasoline in transport fuels. 
The sugar produced at BP Bunge Bioenergia’s mills is sold in both the Brazilian domestic market, primarily in the confectionary and food processing industries, and export markets. The ethanol is sold primarily to customers for use in the Brazilian domestic market to meet demand for fuel, with sugar and ethanol also exported in the international market. BP Bunge Bioenergia competes with other sugar and ethanol producers both in Brazil and internationally, along with beet sugar processors and producers of other sweeteners and biofuels in the global market. Major competitors in Brazil include Cosan Limited/Raizen, São Martinho S.A. and Biosev ("Louis Dreyfus"). Major international competitors include British Sugar PLC, Südzucker AG, Cargill, Tereos S.A., Sucden S.A., ED&F Man Limited, and COFCO.

BOEING CO report:
Our 2003 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended and restated, permits awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or units, performance shares, performance restricted stock or units, performance units and other stock and cash-based awards to our employees, officers, directors, consultants, and independent contractors. The aggregate number of shares of our stock authorized for issuance under the plan is 87,000,000 . 
Shares issued as a result of stock option exercises or conversion of stock unit awards will be funded out of treasury shares, except to the extent there are insufficient treasury shares, in which case new shares will be issued. We believe we currently have adequate treasury shares to satisfy these issuances during 2022. 
Share-based plans expense is primarily included in Total costs and expenses and General and administrative expense, as well as a portion allocated to production as inventoried costs. The share-based plans expense and related income tax benefit were as follows:
