MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
We are a party to various tax matter proceedings incidental to our business. These proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable outcomes could subject us to additional tax liabilities and could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial position. 
A tax indemnification matter related to our 2007 acquisition of the LU biscuit business was closed during the quarter ended June 30, 2018. The closure had no impact on net earnings, however, it did result in a $ 15 million tax benefit that was fully offset by an $ 11 million expense in selling, general and administrative expenses and a $ 4 million expense in interest and other expense, net. 
The following table summarizes the changes in the accumulated balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) attributable to Mondelēz International. Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive earnings/(losses) to net earnings (net of tax) were net losses of $ 285 million in 2020, $ 279 million in 2019 and $ 169 million in 2018.

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
When stock is retired or purchased for formal or constructive retirement, the purchase price is initially recorded as a reduction to the par value of the shares repurchased, with any excess purchase price over par value recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital related to the series of shares repurchased and any remainder excess purchase price recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. If the purchase price exceeds the amounts allocated to par value and additional paid-in capital related to the series of shares repurchased and retained earnings, the remainder is allocated to additional paid-in capital related to other series of shares. 
Under common stock repurchase contracts, the Company makes up front cash payments for the future settlement of the contract in either shares or in cash based on the Company's Series C common stock price at settlement in relation to the strike price of the contract. If the Company's Series C common stock price is below the strike price at expiry, the Company receives a predetermined number of its Series C common stock. If the Company's Series C common stock price is above the strike price at expiry, the Company can elect to settle the transaction in either cash or the equivalent value in shares of Series C common stock at the then current market price upon settlement, based on the notional value of the repurchase contract. The contracts represent a hybrid instrument consisting of a debt instrument and an embedded equity-linked derivative that does not require bifurcation because it is linked to the Company’s own stock. The Company accounts for these contracts as equity transactions. Prepayments are recorded as a reduction in additional paid-in capital. If the contract settles in shares of Series C common stock, that amount will be reclassified to treasury stock. If the contract settles in cash, the cash receipt will be recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital. 
The Company generates revenues principally from: (i) distribution revenues from fees charged to distributors of its network content, which include cable, direct-to-home ("DTH") satellite, telecommunications and digital service providers and bundled long-term content arrangements, (ii) advertising revenue from advertising sold on its television networks and websites and (iii) other revenue related to several items including: (a) unbundled rights to sales of network content, including sports rights, (b) production studios content development and services, (c) the licensing of the Company's brands for consumer products and (d) affiliate and advertising sales representation services.

ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
On occasion, we are assessed monetary penalties by governmental authorities related to administrative or judicial proceedings involving environmental matters . In June 2019, we received a Notice of Violation from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in connection with regulatory requirements applicable to facilities that we operate in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. In July 2021, we received a civil penalty demand from the U.S. Department of Justice and the State of Colorado regarding alleged violations of hydrocarbon leak detection and repair regulations applicable to our Meeker gas processing plant in Colorado. The eventual resolution of each of these matters may result in monetary sanctions in excess of $0.3 million; however, we do not expect such expenditures to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and related information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, including applicable year-to-year comparisons, should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this annual report. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the United States (“U.S.”).
Discussion and analysis of matters pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2019 and year-to-year comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 are not included in this Form 10-K, but can be found under Part II, Item 7 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 that was filed on March 1, 2021.
