SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. As a result, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the amount or 
range of possible losses in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of non-monetary remedies, with respect to the contingencies it faces, and the Company’s estimates may not prove to be accurate. 
In management’s opinion, resolution of all current matters is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute or other contingency, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could materially affect the Company’s current or future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter.

ALLSTATE CORP report:
To reduce exposure to an increasing interest rate environment, we shortened the duration of the Property-Liability fixed income portfolio by selling longer duration corporate and municipal bonds and reinvesting in shorter duration fixed income and public equity securities, as well as through the use of derivatives. These actions to shorten duration, coupled with continued reinvestment at market yields below the current market-based portfolio yield, will result in lower net investment income in future periods, but will reduce the adverse portfolio valuation impact of rising interest rates. 
3,424 151 51 383 4,009 Other investments, net 2,506 — 148 2 2,656 Total $ 57,258   $ 1,890   $ 2,191   $ 3,362   $ 64,701   Percent to total 88.5   % 2.9   % 3.4   % 5.2   % 100.0   % Market-based $ 48,642 $ 1,890 $ 2,191 $ 3,360 $ 56,083 Performance-based 8,616 — — 2 8,618 Total $ 57,258   $ 1,890   $ 2,191   $ 3,362   $ 64,701   
(2) Fixed income securities are carried at fair value. Amortized cost, net for these securities was $35.74 billion, $1.54 billion, $1.76 billion, $2.34 billion and $41.38 billion for Property-Liability, Protection Services, Allstate Health and Benefits, Corporate and Other, and in total, respectively.

BOEING CO report:
Environmental. We are subject to various federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. We continually assess our compliance status and management of environmental matters to ensure our operations are in compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. Investigation, remediation, and operation and maintenance costs associated with environmental compliance and management of sites are a normal, recurring part of our operations. These costs often are allowable costs under our contracts with the U.S. government. It is reasonably possible that costs incurred to ensure continued environmental compliance could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if additional work requirements or more stringent clean-up standards are imposed by regulators, new areas of soil, air and groundwater contamination are discovered and/or expansions of work scope are prompted by the results of investigations. 
A Potentially Responsible Party (PRP) has joint and several liability under existing U.S. environmental laws. Where we have been designated a PRP by the Environmental Protection Agency or a state environmental agency, we are potentially liable to the government or third parties for the full cost of remediating contamination at our facilities or former facilities or at third-party sites. If we were required to fully fund the remediation of a site for which we were originally assigned a partial share, the statutory 
Non-U.S. Sales. Our non-U.S. sales are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. governmental regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations relating to import-export control, tariffs, investment, exchange controls, anti-corruption, and repatriation of earnings. Non-U.S. sales are also subject to varying currency, political and economic risks.
