ALLSTATE CORP report:
Texas Fair Plan Association The Company participates as a member of the Texas Fair Plan Association (“FAIR Plan”), which provides residential property insurance to inland areas designated as underserved by the Commissioner of Insurance and the applicant(s) are unable to procure coverage in the voluntary market. The FAIR Plan issues insurance policies, like an insurance company, and it also functions as a pooling mechanism that allocates premiums, claims and expenses back to the insurance industry. As a result of the losses incurred related to Hurricane Harvey, in 2017 the FAIR Plan Board unanimously voted to approve its first ever member assessment of which the Company’s share was $ 8 million based on total direct premium written in Texas. Insurers are permitted to recover the assessment through either a premium surcharge applied to existing customers over a three-year period or increased rates, but the ability to fully recover the assessment may be impacted by market conditions or other factors. 
North Carolina Joint Underwriters Association The North Carolina Joint Underwriters Association (“NCJUA”) was created to provide property insurance for properties (other than the state’s beach and coastal areas) that insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. All insurers licensed to write property insurance in North Carolina are members of the NCJUA. Premiums, losses and expenses of the NCJUA are shared by the member companies in proportion to their respective North Carolina property insurance writings. Member companies participate in plan deficits or surpluses based on their participation ratios, which are determined annually. The Company had a $ 5 million receivable from the NCJUA at December 31, 2021 representing our participation in the NCJUA’s surplus of $ 16 million for all open years. 
North Carolina Insurance Underwriting Association The North Carolina Insurance Underwriting Association (“NCIUA”) provides windstorm and hail coverage as well as homeowners policies for properties located in the state’s beach and coastal areas that insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. All insurers licensed to write

BOEING CO report:
The following assumptions, which are the weighted average for all plans, are used to calculate the benefit obligation at December 31 of each year and the net periodic benefit cost for the subsequent year. 
The discount rate for each plan is determined based on the plans’ expected future benefit payments using a yield curve developed from high quality bonds that are rated as Aa or better by at least half of the four rating agencies utilized as of the measurement date. The yield curve is fitted to yields developed from bonds at various maturity points. Bonds with the ten percent highest and the ten percent lowest yields are omitted. The present value of each plan’s benefits is calculated by applying the discount rates to projected benefit cash flows. 
The pension fund’s expected return on plan assets assumption is derived from a review of actual historical returns achieved by the pension trust and anticipated future long-term performance of individual asset classes. While consideration is given to historical returns, the assumption represents a long-term, prospective return. The expected return on plan assets component of the net periodic benefit cost for the upcoming plan year is determined based on the expected return on plan assets assumption and the market-related value of plan assets (MRVA). Since our adoption of the accounting standard for pensions in 1987, we have determined the MRVA based on a five-year moving average of plan assets. As of December 31, 2021, the MRVA was approximately $ 4,773 less than the fair market value of assets.

SALESFORCE INC report:
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average 
dilutive common stock, including options, restricted stock units, warrants and the convertible senior notes. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards and convertible securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. 
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2020 reflects the impact of approximately 102 million shares issued in relation to the acquisitions of Tableau and ClickSoftware in the third quarter fiscal 2020.
