ENTERPRISE PRODCT PARTNRS LP report:
On a combined basis, gross operating margin from our Jonah Gathering System, Piceance Basin Gathering System and San Juan Gathering System in the Rocky Mountains increased a net $50 million year-to-year primarily due to higher average gathering fees, which accounted for a $48 million increase, and higher condensate sales, which accounted for an additional $15 million increase, partially offset by a 169 BBtus/d combined decrease in gathering volumes, which accounted for a $10 million decrease.
Gross operating margin from our Acadian Gas System and Haynesville Gathering System increased a combined $20 million year-to-year primarily due to an 885 BBtus/d combined increase in transportation volumes. The year-to-year increase in transportation volumes is primarily due to the Gillis Lateral pipeline, which was placed into service in December 2021.
The following table presents segment gross operating margin and selected volumetric data for the Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment for the years indicated (dollars in millions, volumes as noted):

WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC report:
Unrealized gains (losses) ( 10 ) 2   ( 8 ) ( 13 ) 3   ( 10 ) 3   —   3   Other comprehensive income (loss) adjustments $ 94   $ 77   $ 171   $ ( 22 ) $ 15   $ ( 7 ) $ ( 165 ) $ ( 9 ) $ ( 174 ) 
Derivative Adjustments Pension Plan and SERP Liability Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) December 31, 2017 $ ( 615 ) $ 26   $ 4   $ —   $ ( 585 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
4   —   ( 14 ) —   ( 10 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ( 189 ) —   12   3   ( 174 ) Reclassifications to retained earnings resulting from the adoption of ASU 2016-01 —   ( 26 ) —   —   ( 26 ) December 31, 2018 ( 804 ) —   16   3   ( 785 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ( 20 ) —   29   ( 10 ) ( 1 ) Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC report:
A number of external factors such as changing weather patterns and conditions, commodity market conditions, effects from the current COVID-19 global pandemic, supply chain disruptions, currency fluctuations and the effects of governmental agricultural or other programs affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We use hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. 
Due to factors noted above, the costs of our principal raw materials can fluctuate. During late 2021 in particular, commodity costs have primarily increased due to recent supply chain disruptions. We expect commodity cost volatility to continue, and our commodity hedging activities cannot fully offset this volatility. Despite the recent and expected supply chain, transportation and labor disruptions, at this time, we believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available. However, we continue to monitor the near-term and long-term impacts of the pandemic, supply chain disruptions, climate change and related factors that could affect the availability or cost of raw materials, packaging and energy. For additional information, 
refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Commodity Trends . For information on our ongoing sustainability efforts and programs, refer to Sustainability and Mindful Snacking below.
