ABBOTT LABORATORIES report:
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s identification and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as its process for the assessment of events that may indicate a change in unrecognized tax benefits is warranted. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the completeness of identified unrecognized tax benefits, as well as controls over management’s review of significant assumptions used within the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits. 
With the support of our tax professionals, among other audit procedures performed, we evaluated the reasonableness of management’s judgement with respect to the interpretation of tax laws of multiple jurisdictions by reading and evaluating management’s documentation, including relevant accounting policies, and by considering how tax law, including statutes, regulations and case law, affected management’s judgments. We tested the completeness of management’s assessment of the identification of unrecognized tax benefits and possible outcomes related to it including evaluation of technical merits of the unrecognized tax benefits. We also tested, with the support of our valuation specialists, appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and significant assumptions associated with the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, including assessing the estimated amount of tax liability that may be incurred should the tax position not be sustained upon inspection by a tax authority. 
We have audited Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC report:
Some of our real estate leases contain options to renew or extend the lease or terminate the lease before the expiration date. These options are factored into the determination of the lease term and lease payments when their exercise is considered to be reasonably certain. 
We also enter into real estate leases that contain lease incentives, such as tenant improvement allowances or move-in allowances, that are received or receivable at lease commencement. These incentives reduce lease payments for classification purposes and reduce the initial ROU asset. When lease incentives are receivable at lease commencement, they also reduce the initial lease liability. 
From time to time, we enter into leases with the intention of purchasing the property, either through purchase options with a fixed price or a purchase agreement negotiated contemporaneously with the lease agreement. We classify these leases as finance leases and include the purchase date and purchase price in the lease term and lease payments, respectively, when the option to exercise or purchase is reasonably certain.

SALESFORCE INC report:
The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person’s service as a director or officer, including any action by the Company, arising out of that person’s services as the Company’s director or officer or that person’s services provided to any other company or enterprise at the Company’s request. The Company maintains director and officer insurance coverage that would generally enable the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company may also be subject to indemnification obligations by law with respect to the actions of its employees under certain circumstances and in certain jurisdictions. 
In October 2021, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2021-08, “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers” (“ASU 2021-08”), which requires contract assets and contract liabilities (i.e., unearned revenue) acquired in a business combination to be recognized and measured in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Previously, the Company recognized contract assets and contract liabilities at the acquisition date based on fair value estimates, which had resulted in a reduction to unearned revenue on the balance sheet, and therefore, a reduction to revenues that would have otherwise been recorded as an independent entity. ASU 2021-08 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022 on a prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2021-08 in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 and the impact of the adoption was not material. 
A reclassification to the fiscal 2022 consolidated balance sheet was made to conform to the current period presentation of current debt. This reclassification did not impact the Company's key metrics including Total Assets, Total Revenues, Income From Operations, Net Income or Operating Cash Flows.
